===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Aflac Incorporated First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would like now to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning, and welcome. Thank you for joining us for Aflac Incorporated's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. This morning, Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then Max Broden, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will provide more detail on our first quarter financial results, current capital and liquidity. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release, financial supplement and quarterly CFO video update on investors.aflac.com. For Q&A today, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac Incorporated and Aflac U.S.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release with reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures and related earnings materials are available on investors.aflac.com. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We're glad you joined us. Although we just have one quarter under our belt, the first quarter marked a good start for the year. Aflac Incorporated reported net earnings per diluted share of $0.05, which was significantly impacted by net investment losses this quarter compared to net investment gains in the first quarter of 2024. At the same time, the company reported adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.66, which is unchanged from the first quarter of 2024. Beginning with Aflac Japan, I am pleased with the 12.6% year-over-year sales increase. This quarter sales reflected a continued significant contribution consuming costs and a 6.3% increase from cancer insurance sales, taking into account Japan's demographics and product strategy is to fit the needs of customers throughout all stages of life. Acquiring younger customers is critical to our success. We believe Tsumitasu helped us appeal to and more importantly, reach younger customers in Japan. Our strong sales in Japan reflect the success our agencies have had selling Tsumitasu. As the pioneer of cancer insurance and leading third sector insurer, we also aim to sell these Tsumitasu policyholders a medical policy or cancer policy. We have also launched the initial stage of sales in Miraito, our newest cancer insurance on March 17th. While it is still very early, the results that we have seen thus far have been positive. As of April 21st, the product has been available through all of Japan's sales channels. Our ability to maintain strong premium persistency is a testament to Aflac's reputation and customer recognition of the value of our products. By maintaining this level of persistency and adding new premium through sales, we are partially offsetting the impact of reinsurance and policies reaching paid-up status. This will be vital to our future growth of Aflac Japan. Turning to Aflac U.S., I was pleased by the 3.5% year-over-year increase in sales and encouraged by the momentum we are seeing within all areas of our group business, especially our group life and disability. As well as network dental. In addition, we believe our efforts to drive more profitable growth with a stronger underwriting discipline have contributed to our strong premium persistency and net earned premiums growth. At the same time, Aflac U.S. has maintained its prudent approach to expense management and maintaining a strong pretax margin as Max will expand on in a moment. In both Japan and the United States, I believe that consumers need the products and solutions, Aflac offers more than ever for our policyholders who become claimants. Aflac is more than an insurance company. We are a partner in Health, a supporter of families during their times of need and a pioneer and leader in the industry. We are leveraging every opportunity to convey how our products can help fill the gaps during challenging times, providing not just financial assistance, but also compassion and care. At the same time, we continue to generate strong capital and cash flows, while maintaining our commitment to prudent liquidity and capital management. We have been very pleased with our investments, which have continued to produce strong net investment income. As an insurance company, our primary responsibility is to fulfill the promises we make to the policyholders, while being responsive to the needs of our shareholders. Our solid portfolio supports our promise to our policyholders as does our commitment to maintaining strong capital ratios. We balance this financial strength with tactical capital deployment. I am very happy with how management has handled capital deployment and liquidity and specifically how well we've adapted to this environment. In the first quarter, Aflac Incorporated deployed $900 million in capital to repurchase 8.5 million shares of our stock. Additionally, we treasure our track record of 42 consecutive years of dividend growth at the same time. We have maintained our position among companies with the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry, combined with dividends. This means we delivered $1.2 billion back to the shareholders in the first quarter of 2025. We believe in the underlying strength of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the United States, two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. On an ongoing basis, we are taking action to reinforce our leading position and build on our momentum. I will now turn the program over to Max to cover more details of the financial results. Max?
A - Max Broden: Thank you, Dan. Thank you for joining me, as I'll provide a financial update on Aflac Incorporated results for the first quarter of 2025. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share was flat year-over-year at $1.66, with a $0.01 negative impact from FX in the quarter. In this quarter, remeasurement gains on reserves totaled $41 million, reducing benefits. Variable investment income ran $27 million below our long-term return expectations, while one make-whole call generated income of $16 million. Adjusted book value per share, excluding foreign currency remeasurement increased 2.2%. The adjusted ROE was 12.7% and 15.6%, excluding foreign currency remeasurement, an acceptable spread to our cost of capital. Overall, we view these results in the quarter as solid. Starting with our Japan segment. Net and premiums for the quarter declined 5%. Aflac Japan's underlying earned premiums, which adjusts net earned premiums to exclude the impact of deferred profit liability, paid-up policies and reinsurance declined 1.4%. We believe this metric better provides insight into long-term premium trends. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 65.8% for the quarter, down 120 basis points year-over-year. The third sector benefit ratio was 56.3% for the quarter, down approximately 120 basis points year-over-year. We estimate the impact from remeasurement gains to be approximately 150 basis points favorable to the benefit ratio in Q1 2025. Long-term experience trends as it related to treatment of cancer and hospitalization continue to be in place, leading to continued favorable underwriting experience. Persistency remained solid at 93.8%, which is up 40 basis points year-over-year and in line with our expectations. However, beginning in this quarter, we have revised the premium persistency definition to better reflect the economic trends for the business. As a result, we do not treat annuitization as a lapse for persistency purposes. And this revised definition raised the reported persistency by roughly 30 basis points. Our expense ratio in Japan was 19.6% for the quarter, up 160 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by an increase in technology expenses. For the quarter, adjusted net investment income in yen terms was down 7.6%, primarily driven by lower floating rate income, the transfer of assets to as like Re Bermuda associated with reinsurance and variable investment income, somewhat offset by higher returns from the structured private credit portfolio. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 31.8%, down 100 basis points year-over-year, but a very good result. Turning to U.S. results. Net earned premium was up 1.8%, persistency increased 60 basis points year-over-year to 79.3%. Our U.S. total benefit ratio came in at 47.7%, 120 basis points higher than Q1 2024, driven by business mix and lower remeasurement gains than a year ago. We estimate that the remeasurement gains impacted the benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the quarter as claims have remained below our long-term expectations. In the quarter, we benefited from favorable underwriting on our small, but growing long-term disability block. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 37.6%, down 110 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by platforms improving scale and continuous focus on expense efficiency. Our growth initiatives, group life and disability, network down ambition and direct-to-consumer increase our total expense ratio by 50 basis points for the quarter. This is in line with our expectations, and we would expect this impact to decrease as we continue to approach scale. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was down 1.9% for the quarter, primarily driven by lower floating rate income. Profitability in the U.S. segment was very strong with a pretax margin of 20.8%, a 20 basis points decline compared to a year ago. During the quarter, we increased our CECL reserves associated with our commercial real estate portfolio by $2 million net of charge-offs as property values remain at distressed valuations. We also foreclosed on two loans, adding them to our real estate owned portfolio, consistent with our strategy for maximizing recovery values. Our portfolio of first lien senior secured middle market loans continue to perform well with increased CECL reserves of $7 million in the quarter, net of charge-offs. In our corporate segment, we recorded a pretax gain of $43 million. Adjusted net investment income was $47 million higher than last year due to a combination of lower volume of tax credit investments and higher asset balances, which included the impact of the reinsurance transaction in Q4 2024. Our tax credit investments impacted the corporate net investment income line for U.S. GAAP purposes negatively by $8 million in the quarter with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $0.4 million in the quarter. To-date, these investments are performing well and in line with our expectations. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $4.3 billion, $2.6 billion above our minimum balance. We repurchased $900 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $317 million in Q1, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Our capital position remained strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR above 950%, an estimated regulatory ESR above 250%. Our combined RBC, while not finalized, we estimate to be greater than 600%. These are strong capital ratios, which we actively monitor, stress and manage to withstand credit cycles as well as external shocks. For U.S. statutory, we recorded a $6 million valuation allowance on mortgage loans as an unrealized loss. We ended the quarter March 31, with net ¥5.2 billion of Japan FSA realized gains net of losses for securities impairment. This is well within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. Our leverage was 20.7% for the quarter, which is within our target range of 20% to 25%. As we hold approximately 59% of our debt in Yen, this leverage ratio is impacted by move in the Yen-dollar exchange rate. This is intentional and part of our enterprise hedging program protecting the economic value of Aflac Japan in U.S. dollar terms. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we are impacted by moves in the Yen as our Yen-denominated earnings will translate into U.S. dollars at different exchange rates. We currently estimate that every ¥5 to the dollar move would impact our underlying EPS by roughly $0.07. As foreign currency markets have experienced a marked increase in volatility, I would like to reiterate our approach to managing foreign currency exposure. Fundamentally, we size our unhedged U.S. dollar exposure to the estimated economic surplus associated with our Japanese business. At the end of Q1, we held $25.5 billion of unhedged U.S. dollar assets in our Japan general account. Forward contracts at Inc, with a notional balance of $2.7 billion, and $4.4 billion of Yen-denominated debt. We also hold $24.2 billion of notional out-of-the-money put options, which provide tail protection against a large appreciation in the Yen. Adding this up, we feel that we are very well positioned on an economic basis. I'll now turn the call over to David to begin Q&A.
A - David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin our Q&A, we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. You may then rejoin the queue to ask additional questions. We'll now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Hey, good morning. Max, just had a few questions on Japan solvency and overall macro sensitivities. I guess my first question is -- why did the ESR ratio declined by so much in Q1? If I just look at the sensitivities, I think the sharp rise in Japan rates should have offset the strengthening of the Yen. Anyway, I'll start with that, and then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Max Broden: Thank you, Tom. I appreciate the question. You're right that in the first quarter, we saw a small drop in our ESR and that is driven by the Yen strengthening that you saw. That is partially offset by higher Japan interest rates, especially the 30-year GDP rose in the first quarter, and that certainly helped us. That being said, we also had relatively high dividends flowing up from Aflac Japan to Aflac Inc. during the quarter as well. And that's the reason why you see the cash balances at Inc. increasing as much as they did despite very significant capital deployment in terms of dividends and buybacks in the quarter. So -- that's the -- I think that's the missing piece is the dividends flowing up to the holding company.
Thomas Gallagher: That makes sense, Max. And then my follow-up is just in light of everything that's changed macro wise with the Yen now strengthening and looking at where long rates are in Japan. Have you -- I guess, how should we think about that when you think about forward capital planning? Do you still feel that drawing down excess and returning it is the best path forward, you still have considerable excess, so I'm not suggesting you down. But I guess the volatility of capital seems kind of on the high side when they think about sensitivities to what's happened in macro recently. So just curious, are you looking maybe to change philosophy at all on capital return and/or how about just the way you're hedging this? Because I think right now, you have some very deep out of the money hedges, any thought of maybe locking in all of that capital strength or are you fine with the structure you have? Thank you.
Max Broden: So Tom, when we design our capital management, it's really done with a long-term view. It's done running many different scenarios, including stressed scenarios as well. So if you use that as a base, that means that fundamentally, we are not changing the way we are doing our capital management or in a way we are structuring the different instruments that we use for it. And I want to take you back and just think through the underlying business that we conduct, which we sell products that are relatively defensive in the way they behave that going through lapsation, that going through volatility in benefit ratios and underlying profitability as well. That is mirrored up with relatively low asset leverage, which means that the risks associated with our asset portfolio are somewhat limited as well. And when you bake all of that together, it means that our profitability and cash flows are relatively stable and predictable. Now you point out one item, and that is the volatility of our ESR as it relates to FX. And that is something that we have designed ourselves. So when we protect the economic value of Aflac Japan, the main component of that is the $25.7 billion held in U.S. dollars on our Japanese balance sheet. And that is there to obviously help protect the long-term economics of our Aflac Japan business in U.S. dollars, but it does introduce volatility to our ESR ratio. But what we have done is that we have protected details, i.e., we have looked at how much risk are we willing to take on FX as it relates to the e-volatility in the ESR ratio. And that's where we have executed a put option program where most of those puts are currently out of the money by 25% to 30% and that helps cut the tail and the volatility of those. These are one-sided -- that means that we have protection if the Yen strengthens, but if the Yen were to weaken, we keep all of that upside. So if I look at the moves that we have seen in rates, the movement we've seen in FX, I don't see at this point us making any significant changes to the way we are approaching this or hedging this. That being said, obviously, it's something that we closely monitor. And there may be tactical moves in the future around it. But I would -- I would assume that those are relatively minor in the scheme of things. So, so far, we feel like the FX hedging program is working very well and in line with our expectations.
Operator: The next question comes from Jack Matten of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jack Matten: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the new cancer product launch. Can you talk about what you're seeing so far in the uplift of sales you saw this quarter? I know the launch in stages, so maybe you'd see more of a benefit in the second quarter as well. So just curious what your expectations are for sales of that product this year?
Daniel Amos: Well, yes, let me make -- this is Dan. Let me make a couple of comments, and I'm going to turn it over to Aflac Japan. But just in general, I think that we're going to be fine. I think you're going to see these things. The new cancer policy continue to grow. But all in all, I thought Virgil has spent a lot of time in this quarter in Japan. And I'd like for him to take a high-level view and go over both U.S. and Japan and then have the Japanese operation talk about it, Yoshizumi can cover that and then follow up with Max and Brad on any comments they might have in those regards. So Virgil, why don't you just give a few comments, and then let's turn the program over to Japan.
Virgil Miller: Yes. Well, thanks, Dan. I'll just make a few comments. It was a great visit I had to Japan. And I would just say that as Max's point earlier, our business is really more a view from a long-term perspective. And we remain confident in the strategies we have with our products and all services that what we have is what customers need and want. I think too, Dan, I would just add, though, that as you look at Japan in particular, what we've done with the launch of the cancer product, also how we approach the market with similar trials and the focus that we have on selling more third site of products is what will help us during this time. Yes, we do look at economic downturn. Max just shared with you about how we go through that methodology. But specifically on the cancer though. I'm going to let Japan talk about how the launch went into what we see for the remainder of the year. So I'm going to turn it over to you guys.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you for the question. I'm in charge with the marketing sales and let me take that question. [Foreign Language] The new cancer reinsurance was just launched in May this year, but it is progressing as we expected. Sorry, correction, it was launched in March. [Foreign Language] Let me briefly talk about the characteristic of this new product. [Foreign Language] First, we have full and simple coverage. In addition to strengthening coverage, not only during but also before and after treatment, the qualification for payment of benefits have been changed to be easier to understand. [Foreign Language] And it has the flexible coverage design that enables combination and cross-selling with existing policies and other products, i.e., add-on plans for those who already have medical insurance. [Foreign Language] On March 18, our sales was made available, our main state associate channels, Daido and Daiichi. [Foreign Language] And in April, we started the sales at bank channels in Japan Post Group. [Foreign Language] And all the channels have made a great start, and we are still seeing a positive result from all of these channels. [Foreign Language] And let me talk a little bit about our forecast for 2025. [Foreign Language] And we have changed the structure in this January and established a new position with CMO, and this position will supervise the sales and marketing and all brands. [Foreign Language] And at this position we look after that asset formation cancer and medical and whole areas and will be totally design oriented to develop the sales line. [Foreign Language] And we are responding to the ever-changing customer needs with an agility in a cross-functional way by engaging our IT, actuarial and policy service department. [Foreign Language] And we are proud to see the successful marketing activity with the optimum activities conducted at each channel under the lead of the CMO and we are seeing a positive -- with this effort, we are seeing a positive result from cancer insurance that was launched in March. [Foreign Language] We believe the third sector sales will continue to grow with now having a very extensive product lineup with Tsumitasu and the new cancer insurance. [Foreign Language] And we are now also focusing on hiring activities at agents and mainstay associates. [Foreign Language] And with all these efforts, we expect that the 2025 sales will be above 2024. [Foreign Language] That's all.
Jack Matten: Thank you very much. And then just a follow-up on the medical insurance market in Japan. I mean can you talk about competitive dynamics there and how you see the outlook for sales of your medical product?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Once again let me talk about our competitor landscape. [Foreign Language] First of all, about the third sector overall. [Foreign Language] Based on the latest data, we have the largest share of total new policies of cancer and medical insurance or core products in fiscal year 2023. [Foreign Language] In 2025, we expect to maintain our #1 share of new policies by expanding sales of cancer and medical insurance. [Foreign Language] Let me talk about cancer reinsurance. [Foreign Language] Although competition has increased, we are a pioneer in cancer insurance having faced cancer for the longest time in Japan. And the knowledge we have accumulated over 50 years of history is something no other company can have. [Foreign Language] We continue to provide services like [indiscernible] consulting services, unique coinsured service that no other company offers in addition to insurance coverage. By doing so, we will meet the needs of our customers and maintain a competitive advantage. [Foreign Language] And we aim to achieve further sales growth with the new cancer reinsurance product launch in March. [Foreign Language] And moving on to the medical insurance. [Foreign Language] The medical insurance sector is a much more competitive market in cancer reinsurance. This is largely due to the number -- large number of insurance companies entering the market and launching products. We will revise our product line every two years or so in order to gain a higher market share. [Foreign Language] And under this intensified competition in the medical market, we will conduct some optimized activities on each channel and bring about the better results. [Foreign Language] And let me talk about the specific activities that were carried out in Q1. [Foreign Language] We have strengthened the training to our sales agents so that they can provide an easy-to-understand explanation to the consumers. [Foreign Language] And with Tsumitasu, we're proceeding the concurrent sales with the third sector products. [Foreign Language] That's all.
Operator: Our next question comes from John B. Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity to ask questions. So my question is focused on remeasurement gains. They continue to be present in both Japan and the U.S. We're further removed around the dislocation in individuals behavior. How should we be thinking about the waterfall or decay of remeasurement gains and will they primarily be concentrated in third quarter? Thank you.
Max Broden: Let me kick it off, and I'll also ask Alycia to maybe give some comments from her perspective as well. So obviously, the third quarter is when we unlock our actuarial assumptions. That means that the third quarter is when we will have the more significant remeasurement gains and losses associated with the claims patterns that we're seeing in the marketplace. In the other quarters, we are truing up the experience from those quarters. That means that they are generally going to be smaller. That being said, we have experienced favorable claims utilization, both in the U.S. and Japan, and this has been in place for a long time and it always -- it goes back to pre-LDTI as well where under legacy gap. You did see this come through as IBNR releases, and that was feeding through into our benefit ratio. And now you're seeing it as remeasurement gains losses coming through under LDTI. So it's a continuation of -- especially in Japan, the long-term trends that we've been seeing there. And in the U.S., to some extent, the shift in claims patterns that we've seen post-COVID. I'll stop there and see if Alycia, if you want to add any color from your perspective?
Alycia Slyck: Thank you, Max. The only thing I'd add is that we do unlock our assumptions annually in the third quarter to reflect all of our best estimate actuarial expenses and our experience to date. And then you'll see that flow through the third quarter earnings. Thank you so much.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the answers. That's it for me.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first, I had a question just along the lines of what you were commenting in terms of the dental or medical product in Japan, sales have been weak, and you've pointed out competitors coming out with maybe lower benefit type products and just that affecting your business. Should we assume that if the competitive environment stays the way it is, sales will muddle along at these levels? Or are you doing anything that would suggest that there could be a recovery, because that line has been sort of steadily dropping over time?
Daniel Amos: I'm going to answer that. Let me just say that everything that we do tends to be cyclical in nature with a rebound of a new product and although we can't talk about that because of FSA and the way they operate. As Yoshizumi mentioned, every two years or so, we come back to the table with changes in the marketplace, whether it be consumers and what they want or need or medical treatments and what are happening, whether it's more outpatient than inpatient. Whatever it might be from a medical standpoint or even the cancer insurance standpoint. So this year is the year where cancer insurance should be dominating along with our new product. So we should continue to see that. I can't stress enough how much we like what's going on in the life insurance area of adding new and younger policyholders that we've never had before. And that opens the opportunity to go back and add cancer and medical to them. So this year will be that. I think you can look for next year us to revisit, which campaign we'll be looking at. But all in all, I'm very excited about us making our numbers this year in sales and believe we'll ultimately do that. And the breakdown, although we continue to watch and monitor, it's the overall sales numbers that we want to see us achieve because the profit margins are there for our success long-term.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just for Virgil on the Dental business in the U.S., it seems like sales have stabilized following the change in the tech platform, but are you expecting normal production this year and open enrollment? Or is it more likely that that will be next year?
Virgil Miller: Well, thanks, Jimmy, this is Virgil. I do expect us to have a consistent momentum. What I mentioned in the fourth quarter, our focus is on stabilization of that platform, but making sure that the brokers and our veteran agents knew about that we were open for business. And we had a slow start there in Q4, but off to a much better start here in Q1. I can tell you a few things about that. We did invest and making sure we got the right talent. We hired some additional talent from the industry. We maintain the talent that we have there. We continue to invest in the technology to make sure we've got the best portals for the dentists that are doing business with us. As well as making sure there's an easy enrollment process for our agents of our brokers. And then the final thing I mentioned, though, is the partnership we launched that we had now flattish with SKYGEN they're doing a great job of the administrative services that they're providing for us behind the scenes. They are industry-leading third-party administrator out there, and we're pleased with what we've seen. Now having said all of that, we have been going around to each market letting agents know to try it. For those agents that sold the demo product in Q1 along with our voluntary benefits products, their sales were up 20%. My point is that, that's the strategy it works because we look at selling both together. And I think that the more we get that message out, you will see that momentum carrying forward. I expect us to hit the plan that we set for this year, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Great. Thanks. Max, I wanted to come back to the ESR and the one-way hedge that you have. Is that program designed to keep you at your ESR target or is it possible if we see the dollar weaken significantly before those options sort of kick in, your ESR ratio could fall below your target? Thanks.
Max Broden: Thank you, Suneet. So that always depends a little bit on what your starting point is. Generally speaking, we originally designed this to size the risk associated with FX that we're willing to take on. And we generally sized that at around 40 to 45 ESR points. So that will give you a little bit of a sense for the impact and how we have overall size that program. So that means that at that level, we are no longer having any significant FX volatility associated with our ESR. And our starting point today is, and I ran these numbers this morning that we estimate that our ESR as of this morning is around 250%. So it's a good starting point for us.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to come back to something that we talked about last night in terms of the U.S. weekly average producers. And I think one of the comments around why it was down year-over-year, I think, 11%. Is that more of your agents are selling other non-Aflac products. I just want to get a sense of how prevalent is that? How common is that? And does that create some issues for you in terms of the recovery in sales if they're focused on other companies' products? Thanks.
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil. I'll take that question. I would say that it's anecdotal. I don't have any data for that. And here's what I mean by that. We have engaged our veterans to look at their productivity. Now you can see overall, our productivity is up when you looking at the fat supplement. And that's driven mainly by the production we've got from our veterans, but with brokers also that are in that number, and we're having success in larger case of Aflac. But when you look into the smaller cases, I mean accounts generally averaging less than 50 employees. This is where we need to focus. And I think that comment was made, in particular, when we saw last year, our agents were having success with selling the dental product. If you look at the newest statistics that are out there from LIMRA and from East Birch, dental and steel in the top two products that are being requested and being sold. So having said that, they sold other carriers product. And when you sell that product, you tend to sell to other voluntary benefit products alongside it. What we have done this quarter, though, as I mentioned, is starting to see them return back had a 23% increase in dental sales for Q1. And we -- again, I mentioned the Jimmy a few moments ago that when they sell at dental, overall, they had a 20% overall sales increase for those agents they sold it. What we're going to do this year is focus on those veterans. I made some comp incentives that are tied to that. We're going to explain to them that the dental is stable, is working and really get them back to selling back on a normal basis of Aflac. I have seen the momentum in Q1. I expect that momentum to continue throughout the year.
Suneet Kamath: Hey, good morning. Sorry about that. On Tsumitasu, I know you're targeting younger customers, but I believe in the past, you've indicated that existing customers were or a larger percentage of the sales last year. Is that still the case? Are you seeing more new and younger customers buy the product?
Daniel Amos: The short version is we're seeing more younger people buy the product. So that's what I'd give you is the answer.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then just shifting to NII. So last quarter, you indicated there would be some pressure just given the floating rate portfolio, which we saw. I'm just curious how you see NII trending through the rest of the year? Is there a further impact from last year's rate cuts to still flow through?
Daniel Amos: Sure. Thank you, Joe. You're right. We have seen some pressure in first quarter. It's predominantly from the floating rate portfolio. It's both a reduction in balances as well as the roughly 100 basis point decline we've seen in SOFR year-on-year. We're going to be facing that headwind throughout the year. The comps do get a little better later in the year when the differential in SOFR is less because of the Fed action to cut later in the year last year. We are taking steps to try to offset that. We're doing more things to reposition the portfolio to capture higher yields, both in Japan and the U.S. We've also been able to deploy a significant amount of capital in first quarter and take advantage of the wider spreads. And we also took advantage of the wider spreads in April and deployed a significant amount. So we are facing that floating rate headwind, but we think we've got some things in the toolkit that's going to help us offset that.
Max Broden: And Joel, just as a reminder that our floating rate portfolio, it resets with one month and three-month SOFR.
Suneet Kamath: Got it, thank you.
Daniel Amos: Just to follow up, I wouldn't get the number. Over half of our sales are from younger people. So I wanted to validate that number for you. For Tsumitasu, and that was a question you had. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. One more question on the Yen sensitivity. We've been talking mostly about the ESR impact from a strength in Yen. Can you talk more about the offset though within the rest of the organization that would -- I believe you're more economically insensitive on a consolidated basis?
Max Broden: Yes, that's right. I mean the other components of this is that we hold $2.7 billion of forward contracts at the holding company. And obviously, as the Yen strengthens, they will move more into us being out of the money on those forwards. Now we also hold roughly $4.4 billion of Yen-denominated debt at the holding company as well. That means that when the Yen moves, our leverage will move with that as well. So you will in a strengthening Yen scenario, all things being equal, see our leverage ratio increased somewhat. All of these obviously then work in the negative category. As you think about the ESR, as you think about settlements on our forwards at Inc. and as you think about our leverage ratio. The offset to this is that we now expect higher future dividends in dollar terms from Aflac Japan. So when you then think about the long-term dividend cash flows in U.S. dollars, they are now going to be higher. And that offsets the decline that you see elsewhere on these other instruments. And that's what I mean by when we take an economic approach, we think about sizing what our expected cash flows are and they are offset by these other instruments. So that means that we are very well hedged, protected in U.S. dollar terms around the group.
Ryan Krueger: Great, thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on third sector Japan sales. You gave a lot of detail on the new cancer product and your strategy around both cancer and medical. I know you said you thought cancer sale, I mean overall Japan sales would be up in 2025. I was just -- can you give any more color, though I think you've typically seen a bit of a surge in sales when you have a new product introduction like this? And should that be our expectation that in the second quarter, you'll see a pretty meaningful positive impact from the cancer launch?
Alycia Slyck: That's how we think, this is even once again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Good morning. Could you provide any updates on the Japan Post? I know there was a -- I think it was a data breach or something like that. But if you could just give us any updates? Thanks.
Daniel Amos: Well, you were asking about it. The Japan Post.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide from Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] I believe that question is regarding the Japan Post companies inappropriate uses of non-publicized financial information. [Foreign Language] And right now, JPC or Japan Post Company has now established a preventative measures and implementing them. [Foreign Language] And Japan Post Company is now focused on addressing this issue. So there are certain impact on the cancer insurance sales. [Foreign Language] And within the Japan Post Group, there's another entity called Japan Post Insurance. [Foreign Language] And Japan Post Insurance is not directly impacted by this recent news. [Foreign Language] And also this recent matter regarding the inappropriate uses of the data has nothing to do with an Aflac Insurance product. [Foreign Language] So therefore, the cancer reinsurance sales activity are still continuing today. [Foreign Language] And as Yoshizumi described earlier, Japan Post Group have started the sales of new cancer products in April. [Foreign Language] And Japan Post Company has also started the sales of this new product.
Wilma Burdis: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Annitto of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Annitto: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just one more for Max on the ESR, and I appreciate all the comments before on it. But -- how should we be thinking about the future use of Bermuda in terms of reinsuring the Japan balance sheet, if the Yen continues to appreciate further, does it impact any of the ability or willingness to do more of the balance sheet reinsurance? Thanks.
Max Broden: So our ability to execute reinsurance is not really associated with our ESR levels. It's not making it more difficult or easier depending on where the ESR level is. That being said, it is absolutely clear that when we execute reinsurance between Aflac Japan and Aflac Bermuda, we tend to structure the transactions in a way to lower the overall risk for both the enterprise and for the seed and Aflac Japan in this case. That tends to have the outcome that the ESR is going up. So it's obviously a tool that we have available to us that we can use -- but it's one of the tools that we have and that we use overall to manage the capital base of Aflac Japan and the ESR ratio. We have a relatively broad toolkit that we can use -- at this point, obviously, we are trading significantly above our target operating both range and midpoint. So at this point, we feel very good about where we are as it relates to our ESR ratio.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Ward of UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Ward: Thank you. Good morning. I was just wondering how you guys are seeing the environment in Japan. And I'm just kind of curious, you guys are well tapped into their sort of cultural attitude. But is there any anti-U.S. sentiment growing there from a trade war that could pose incremental sales challenges?
Daniel Amos: Let me let Charles take that on. Charles?
Charles Lake: Yes, thank you. This is Charles Lake. We do not see any reaction in a way that will be anti-American, as you know, the Japan government is a strong supporter of the U.S.-Japan alliance, deep economic relationship is the basis of the confidence that Japan has in the United States. As you know, in the past five years, Japan was the largest investor into Japan. So when you look at the national security side, when you look at the economic relationship side, it's a deep relationship. In addition to that, because of the exchange rate, a large visitor from United States to Japan, that's booming in terms of inbound tourism. So at this stage, of course, the trade talks are getting a lot of attention. But it is not affecting in any way, in my view, this sentiment among the Japanese people about the United States.
Michael Ward: Super helpful. Thank you. And then maybe for Max, just high level on the buyback, a pretty solid amount this quarter. Just if it ends up that there's incremental sort of ongoing, I guess, sales headwinds -- should we think about you being comfortable continuing in excess of operating income and even at this level, right, as long as those headwinds may or may not persist?
Max Broden: Yes. The -- our buyback, it's really a function of the capital and liquidity we have on hand. The capital and the liquidity we see coming through to us in the future. And then obviously, the investment opportunities we have for that capital. And we look at the IRRs that we can get on different types of capital deployment that being organic growth, i.e., what returns are we getting by selling new products and that's generally our #1 source of where we deploy capital, that's where we wanted to go. We want to grow our franchise and grow it at strong IRRs when there's capital over, we are looking at other deployment opportunities. And obviously, buyback has been one of the greatest sources of that over the last couple of years. And that has given us very good IRRs. So this framework, we just continue to run and operate.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hey, thanks for fitting me in here. I had one on the corporate segment. I guess just from the outside, it's a little difficult to model given there's the derivative program in there. There's the Bermuda reinsurance in there, and then there's the typical kind of what we think about as a corporate segment in there. So -- could you help us think through the different components and how we should think about the trajectory maybe where you see it running more near term versus where it may build to just based on the Bermuda business?
Max Broden: So Alex, I understand the difficulties in modeling this segment given that -- you have so many different pieces that are sort of rolling up into it. If you think about the most -- the biggest pieces that are moving that number, it would be around any further reinsurance that we would do. The reinsurance profitability is very stable and predictable. But any further transactions that we would do would obviously increase the profitability of this segment. The other piece is interest expense. So if we were to issue any more debt and go up in leverage that obviously would impact the profitability of this segment as well. And the last piece is the strategy that we have around tax credit investments and the way this is accounted for. And that is particularly interesting in this quarter. When you compare it year-over-year, there was a significant delta where in the first quarter of last year, we had pretty significant tax credit investments. They were lower this year. And as you know, the way they work is that we have a negative component to the net investment income in the Corporate segment with and more than offsetting credit to the tax line. So in this quarter, we only had, I believe $8 million of tax credit investments hitting the net investment income line. And that is why you also saw the tax line having a higher tax rate than what we normally run at on a quarterly basis. So if you boil all of that together, it means that you can -- you will continue to see some volatility in this number, but I would certainly expect the number to be on a pretax basis positive, but generally speaking, lower than what you saw in the first quarter.
Alex Scott: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. I can leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you, Alan and thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your time. If you have any other questions, please reach out to Investor Relations. We'll help you with what we can and look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. If you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to David Young, Vice President of Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning and welcome. Thank you for joining us for Aflac Incorporated's fourth quarter earnings call. This morning, Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an overview of our 2024 results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then Max Broden, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an update on our fourth quarter and 2024 financial results, current capital and liquidity, as well as some color on our outlook for 2025. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com. In addition, Max provided his quarterly video update, which also includes information about the outlook for 2025. We also posted under financials on the same site updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real estate and middle market loans. For Q&A today, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac Incorporated and Aflac US, Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan, and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-US GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We are glad you joined us. Before Max provides a more detailed view of our financial results, I would like to reflect on what was another very good year. Aflac Incorporated delivered very strong earnings for the year with net earnings per diluted share up 23.8% to $9.63 and adjusted earnings per diluted share up 15.7% to $7.21. Aflac Japan represented more than 70% of pretax adjusted earnings and three-quarters of the company's consolidated balance sheet in 2024. Aflac Japan also generated a 15.5% increase in pretax adjusted earnings and a record 36% pretax profit margin in 2024. I am pleased with Aflac Japan's 93.4% premium persistency and 5.6% year-over-year sales increase, which included a 9% sales increase in the fourth quarter. By maintaining strong persistency and adding new premium through sales, we are partially offsetting the impact of reinsurance and policies reaching paid-up status. This will be integral to the future growth of Aflac Japan. Taking into account Japan's demographics, our product strategy is to fit the needs of customers throughout all stages of life. Acquiring younger customers is critical to our success. We believe Sumitos appeals to younger customers in Japan. Our strong sales in Japan reflect the success our agencies have had selling Sumitos. As the pioneer of cancer insurance and leading third-sector insurer, we also aim to sell the Sumitos policyholders a medical policy or cancer policy. Our last cancer insurance, Wings, was launched in stages in 2022. Therefore, we are planning a staged launch through our distribution channels of our new cancer insurance product between March and April. This new product includes our unique Uriso cancer consultation support service along with insurance coverage that offers enhanced protection before, during, and after cancer treatment. This product also features flexible coverage and introduces a new plan for children, thus providing comprehensive protection for customers. We will also maintain our focus on being where the customers want to buy insurance through our broad network of distribution channels, including agencies, alliance partners, and banks. This reach continually optimizes opportunities to help provide financial security to Japanese consumers. Turning to Aflac US, we have focused on updating our products to ensure that our policyholders understand the value our products provide. When people experience the value of our products, we believe it enhances product persistency, which both benefits our policyholders and lowers our expenses. In the US, I continue to be pleased with our 70 basis point improvement in premium persistency to 79.3%. We also generated a 2.7% increase in net earned premiums, a measure we continue to focus on improving. Additionally, our pretax profit margin for the year was strong at 21.1%. Sales were lower than expected in the fourth quarter, leading to a 1% decline for the year. We continue to focus on more profitable growth through our stronger underwriting discipline. At the same time, we are engaging agents and brokers following the stabilization of our network dental operation. As always, we continue our prudent approach to expense management and maintaining a strong pretax margin. I believe that the need for our product and the solutions we offer is as strong or stronger than they have ever been before in both Japan and the United States. We are leveraging every opportunity and avenue to share this message with consumers. Knowing our products help lift people up when they need it most is something that makes all of us at Aflac very proud and inspires us to reach more people. We continue to reinforce our leading position and build on that momentum. We continue to generate strong capital and cash flows while maintaining our commitment to prudent liquidity and capital management. We have been very pleased with our investments, which have continued to produce strong net investment income. As an insurance company, our primary responsibility is to fulfill the promises that we make to our policyholders while being responsive to the needs of our shareholders. Our solid portfolio supports our promise to our policyholders, as does our commitment to maintain strong capital ratios. We balance this financial strength with tactical capital deployment. I am very happy with how management has handled capital deployment and liquidity and specifically how well we have adapted to this environment. Year to date, Aflac Incorporated's deployment of $2.8 billion in capital to repurchase more than 30 million shares of Aflac stock. Additionally, we treasure our track record of what is now 42 consecutive years of dividend growth. At the same time, we have maintained our position among companies with the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. Combined with dividends, this means that we delivered $3.9 billion back to the shareholders in 2024. We believe in the underlying strengths of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the United States, two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. I'll now turn the program over to Max to cover more details of the financial results.
Max Broden: Thank you for joining me as I provide a financial update on Aflac Incorporated's results for the fourth quarter of 2024. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 24.8% year over year to $1.56, with a one-cent negative impact from FX in the quarter. In this quarter, remeasurement gains on reserves totaled $43 million, reducing benefits. Variable investment income ran $17 million above our long-term return expectation. Adjusted book value per share excluding foreign currency remeasurement increased 3.2%. The adjusted ROE was 12% and 14.5% excluding FX remeasurement, an acceptable spread to our cost of capital. Overall, we view these results in the quarter as solid. Starting with our Japan segment, net earned premiums for the quarter declined 5.4%. This decline reflects a 7.2 billion yen negative impact from an internal cancer reinsurance transaction executed in the fourth quarter of 2024 and a 4.4 billion yen negative impact from paid-up policies. In addition, there's a 300 million yen positive impact from deferred profit liability. At the same time, policies in force declined 2.3%. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 66.5% for the quarter, up 40 basis points year over year, and 62.5% for the year. The third sector benefits ratio was 56.9% for the quarter, up approximately 70 basis points year over year. We estimate the impact from remeasurement gains to be approximately 100 basis points favorable to the benefit ratio in Q4 2024. Long-term experience trends as they relate to treatments of cancer and hospitalization continue to be in place, leading to continued favorable underwriting experience. Persistency remains solid at 93.4%, which was unchanged year over year and in line with our expectations. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20.8% for the quarter, down 30 basis points year over year, driven primarily by a decline in expenses. For the year, the expense ratio in Japan was 19.1%. For the quarter, adjusted net investment income in yen terms was up 3.7%, as the transfer of assets to Aflac Bermuda associated with reinsurance and lower floating rate income was more than offset by higher returns from structured private credit infrastructure and our alternatives portfolio. Adjusted net investment income was up 12.1% for the year. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 31.6%, up 120 basis points year over year, a very good result. For the full year, the pretax margin was even stronger at 36%, which is also the highest in 30 years. Turning to US results, net income premium was up 2.7%. Persistency increased 70 basis points year over year to 79.3%. Our US total benefit ratio came in at 46.3%, 170 basis points higher than Q4 2023, driven by lower remeasurement gains than a year ago. We estimate that the remeasurement gains impacted the benefit ratio by approximately 170 basis points in the quarter. Claims utilization has rebounded from depressed levels during the pandemic and is now more in line with our long-term expectations. For the full year, the US total benefit ratio was 46.8%. Our expense ratio in the US was 40.3%, down 310 basis points year over year, primarily driven by platforms improving scale and strong expense management. For the year, the US expense ratio was 38.5%. Our growth initiatives in group life and disability, network dental and vision, and direct-to-consumer increased our total expense ratio by 170 basis points for the quarter. This is in line with our expectations, and we would expect this impact to decrease going forward as this business grows to scale and improves its profitability. Adjusted net investment income in the US was up 0.9% for the quarter, mainly driven by high returns from alternatives, and 3.3% for the year. Profitability in the US segment was solid with a pretax margin of 19.7%, also a good result, as was the 21.1% for the full year. We continue managing through the worst commercial real estate downturn in decades. During the quarter, we increased our CECL reserve associated with our commercial real estate portfolio by $40 million net of charge-offs as property values remain at distressed valuations. We also foreclosed on two loans, adding them to our real estate-owned portfolio. We continue to believe that the current distressed market does not reflect the true intrinsic value of our portfolio, which is why we are confident in our ability to take ownership of these assets, manage them through the cycle, and maximize our recoveries. Our portfolio of first lien senior secured middle market loans continues to perform well, with losses below our expectations for this point in the cycle. In our corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $4 million. Adjusted net investment income was $153 million higher than last year, due to a combination of continued lower volume of tax credit investments, higher rates, and asset balances, which included the impact of the reinsurance transaction in Q4 2024, which was similar in structure and economics in yen terms to our October 2023 transaction. These tax credit investments impacted the corporate net investment income line for US GAAP purposes negatively by $46 million in the quarter, with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $4 million for the quarter. To date, these investments are performing well and in line with our expectations. Our capital position remains strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR above 1150%, an estimated ESR above 270%, and combined RBC, while not finalized, we estimate to be greater than 650%. These are strong capital ratios, which we actively monitor, stress, and manage to withstand credit cycles as well as external shocks. US statutory impairments were $3 million, and there were 700 million yen of Japan FSA impairments in Q4. This is well within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. Our leverage was 19.7% for the quarter, which is just below our target range of 20 to 25%. As we hold approximately 60% of our debt in yen, this leverage ratio is impacted by moves in the yen-dollar exchange rate. This is intentional and part of our enterprise hedging program, protecting the economic value of Aflac Japan in US dollar terms. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $4.1 billion, $2.3 billion above our minimum balance. We repurchased $750 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $277 million in Q4, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. On December 3rd, we shared estimated ranges for annual key metrics for both segments for 2025 through 2027 at our financial analyst briefing, and we continue to stand by these ranges. However, for 2025, we expect the benefit ratio in Japan to be toward the higher end of the 64 to 66% range, and we continue to expect the expense ratio to be at the lower end of the 20 to 23% range as we pursue various growth and strategic initiatives. As a result, we expect Aflac Japan's pretax profit margin to be at the lower end of the 30 to 33% range. In the US, we expect the benefit ratio for 2025 to be at the lower end of the 48 to 52% range, and the expense ratio to be at the upper end of the 36 to 39% range as we continue to scale new business lines. At the same time, we expect the pretax profit margin for 2025 in the US to be at the upper end of the 17 to 20% range. Thank you. I'll now hand it back to David to begin the Q&A.
David Young: Before we begin our Q&A, we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. You may then rejoin the queue. We will now take the first question.
Operator: To ask a question, if you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before entering the key. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. And our first question will come from Joel Hurwitz of Dooling and Partners. Please go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz: Hey. Good morning. One to start. On US sales, Virgil, can you just provide some more color on what you are seeing in the competitive environment that's impacting your sales? Is it specific products or specific areas of the market?
Virgil Miller: Hey. Thank you, Joel. Good morning. Yeah. Look, first, let me set the stage for going into the fourth quarter. We knew going through the fourth quarter, Joel, that we were up against one of the tougher comparisons with Q4. In Q4 of 2023, that was one of the largest sales quarters we have had in the history of Aflac. So we knew we had to have strong solid performance. The second thing I would say is that we also knew that we would stick to the underwriting discipline we have put forth in our group BB products. What that really means is that we are not going to be bringing business on board that does not fit our profit profile. Therefore, businesses that have high turnover, businesses that have low claims filing, we are not going to accept those because they are not good for the company longer term. The stronger underwriting just wants to help set us up for profitable business and profitable growth in the long-term vision that we have at Aflac. Then the third thing I would say is we knew that the market needs to respond to the improvements we have made with our dental and vision platform. I had disclosed in prior conversations that we had a failed system implementation that we were recovering from. I am very pleased with the recovery that we have seen, though. A partnership that we formed with one of the industry-leading third-party administrators out there has helped substantially move the needle on improvements. And we are open for business. We needed to get the brokers and our veteran agents to come back on board and really put that product back in the market as a very competitive product. And quite frankly, we did not get the response we needed. We saw a 33% decline in our dental sales for Q4. Along with the dental sales themselves, though, there's the impact that we call halo, which means that on a general census, we get additional voluntary benefit sales when we sell the dental product. Those are really the things that we add them up that impacted how we performed in that Q4. I would say, Joel, that I am disappointed with the softer sales, but I am very pleased with our overall performance. We did demonstrate solid financial management. If you heard from Max, you heard from Dan, they mentioned that pretax earnings were up 9.3%. Our margins were up 1.3%. Earned premiums up 2.7%. Persistency up 0.7% overall. Very pleased with that. That tells you though this management discipline of making sure that we are looking at proper business is generating the response that we need, reduced expenses by 3.1%. And then overall, we were able to give other additional value to all policyholders with an increased benefit ratio. Now we are watching that very closely. But very solid performance based on that discipline we put out there in the market.
Joel Hurwitz: Alright. Very helpful. Thank you. And then for my second one, just wanted to move to the 2025 outlook area that Max provided. So for Japan, you guided to the pretax margin to be at the low end of the range, which is below where I was, and I think most were. I think it's largely on net investment income and there's some misunderstanding on how the accounting works on the floating rate security hedges. Could you just provide more color on how the benefits from those hedges flow through earnings?
Max Broden: Yes. Thank you, Joel. So we obviously have a floating rate book in the Japan segment that is a little bit less than $9 billion of notional balance. Also at the corporate segment, we have a little bit over $4 billion of cash that is invested at the short end of the curve. That means that all these asset balances are very sensitive to SOFR. And that is both the one-month and the three-month SOFR that they reprice at. As we go into 2025, obviously, we had a rate cut in December, and there is an expectation about further rate cuts in 2025 when you look at the forward curves. When we just inject the forward curves onto our projected yields for 2025, that means that they are likely to be lower than what they were in 2024. So that is why our floating rate income is expected to be lower. As it relates to our interest rate swap, this is really a tail hedge swap that made sure that we protected our floating rate income from any significant declines in interest rates at the short end of the curve. That means that, obviously, we are at higher rates now than when this swap was entered into. That means that it is out of the money and somewhat ineffective at this point. And that's why you see the full brunt of any relatively even relatively small declines of interest rates at the short end immediately flows through and impacts our net investment income in 2025. Also, the mark-to-market component of the interest rate swap that falls below the line in the realized gains losses, i.e., outside of adjusted earnings but obviously included in our US GAAP earnings. I hope that's helpful.
Joel Hurwitz: It is. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey. Good morning. So first, just had a question either for Dan or for Charles on Japan sales. You obviously grew at a strong pace this quarter. But if you look at where sales are versus where they used to be pre-pandemic, they're still fairly depressed. So just wondering what's changed in the market, and what's your optimism of being able to get to, in an absolute sense, the sales levels that you had before that'll allow you to potentially grow your in-force as opposed to report declining premium growth.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: This is Yoshizumi from Aflac Japan. Pandemic public has recovered. So we do not see we see that it has recovered, and that is her. So we have been focusing on making a recovery in a solicitor's activity because during the two, three years of the COVID, the sales activities had been stagnant. So that has been a focus point, which is to make a recurring revenue. Let me answer. This is Yoshizumi. First of all, we have gone through this marketing and sales transformation starting January. This is to conduct integrated or end-to-end marketing activities based on the different brand group pipelines starting with medical, cancer, asset formation, and nursing care. And we will be continuously injecting our competitive product centered around our main products, cancer and medical insurance. And we plan to launch a new cancer insurance product in stages from March to April in order to respond to change in customer needs. And now with the launch of the new product Sumitasso, which was launched last June 2024, we have managed to expand our product lineup and now been able to approach a greater customer audience. And we will be executing measures in order to develop and enhance the potential of the solicitor or agent. With these efforts, we would like to recover our performance on the pre-COVID level. That's all.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then maybe for Virgil, in the US business, I think there have been a couple of reasons that you've cited for sales being weak in 2024. One is just the dental DPA issues, and then secondly, competition in and margins in supplemental products or in the voluntary market. I'm assuming that the competition and market issue is something that's not going to change, but and if that is the case, assuming that that'll be an ongoing headwind to your sales, but then on the dental rollout, should is that starting to get to normal, or is that more of a 2026 event?
Virgil Miller: No. I thank you for the question. We absolutely want everyone listening to know we're open for business. We've invested time, resources, and dollars to make sure we got a strong platform. We went through a very diligent process to get the right partner who is an industry-leading partner to make sure that we're prepared to deliver on the customer experience that we need. So we are confident in our dental platform the way we have it now. The concern though is making sure that the brokers and the agents are back in market with it and that they're on board to sell it. I expected to see a stronger return for them in the fourth quarter, but I'm looking forward to see how we deliver on that this year. We're out meeting with them. We'll let them know about how the process works. We're energetic to say come back and sell the product. I would also say, though, what's going well for us is you look at the investments we made in our life and assets disability platform, we term as PLAT. We exceeded our sales expectations there. We are strong in that large case market now. Very competitive against some very known brands that have been in that space for a long time. Our disability products are competitive. Have a world-class absence management discipline. Where we're doing it for, you know, one state in particular, and we're delivering well on that. And then we are also selling our what we would call our paid-up life or employee life product. We also invested in a direct-to-consumer flat as consumer markets. We draw a better than expected sales year there. So those are the things that are going well. We get our dental platform back in line this year, and I expect it to demonstrate an increase.
Dan Amos: And this is Dan. I am encouraged about what I'm seeing. Virgil talked to me early on in the first quarter and said, you know, there's some ways we can make this sales number. And do you know, I but I've got to push some areas. And I said, don't push lower profits for the sake of making the sale now. That's the wrong way. I want to look at earned premium. I want to look at what's going on. And I think our model for the future is much stronger to date than it was a year ago, especially on the dental and vision side. And we are expecting that to come through for the full year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Ward of UBS. Please go ahead.
Mike Ward: Thank you. Good morning. I was just wondering just on the contribution to the Japan sales growth from Sumikasu seems like a primary driver of the growth. I guess, is it how fair is it to assume that we might be relying on first sector sales maybe more heavily than we previously thought in order to reach the Japan sales targets?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: To begin with, we do not announce or disclose the sales percentage or contribution. However, Aflac is a company centered around the third sector insurance product. And the main way to conduct our sales activity today is to also offer medical or cancer insurance whenever the product Sumitasso is being offered. Although we didn't show that Sumitasso will make a certain contribution to our first sector performance, our goal is to grow our third sector performance. And last year, right after the launch of this, we have enjoyed significant growth in sales. And we expect sales to settle compared to 2024. However, we believe the product will continue to generate solid results. And Sumitasso is unlike the traditional product features in the first sector product. It is developed to respond to the needs of the younger generation who are looking to accumulate their assets. Another nature of this product is that in addition to the asset formation nature, it also carries a nursing care feature. And another characteristic is that after the policy premiums are paid up, they can convert it to medical insurance or other types of insurance. And it also carries a strategic objective, which is to expand our customer base by capturing the younger generation and through concurrently offering this product together with a third sector product. So this is a very unique product. That's all.
Max Broden: Thank you. I just wanted to add a few comments as well, Mike. We do not have a sales cap on our Sumitomo sales. And the reason why is that number one, we do believe that we get very good profitability out of this product. This is both on a GAAP basis but also on an IRR basis post-reinsurance. And what it means is that we also now have a very good hook product that ultimately will drive higher third sector sales as well. So we definitely see ourselves as a third sector company but this is an additional product that will help grow both our first sector business and the third sector business while also giving another tool to our distribution to sell more and make more commissions. Now I do want to say that the reason why now is because interest rates are higher in yen terms. But more importantly, we have built reinsurance expertise in and around the company which means that we can now conduct these operations and get the better capital efficiency associated with these products so we can really make them work.
Dan Amos: And I will add that I have been so impressed with the job that Koichiro and his team have done in monitoring this through the guidance of Max, and what and Steve Bieber and what we've done to watch this. And every Sunday night, I get a report when we have our call on what is taking place and how interest rates are going, and where the lines are and our actuarial department is on it. And it's just I think you'd be proud if you saw the inner workings of what has taken place over the last couple of years with reinsurance. It shows that we're a company that's evolving over time. And just getting stronger in what we're doing and having better financial controls over the things that are taking place.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Carmichael of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey. Good morning. My first question, just on remeasurement gains losses. It appears that the gains benefit has been flowing, which is, you know, perhaps not surprisingly given a pretty sizable unlocking in the third quarter. But when you look at trends going forward, would you expect that to continue, Max, or should that be relatively muted?
Max Broden: We obviously have experienced very significant remeasurement gains and also favorable gains from the unlock of our actuarial assumptions in the US in 2023 and in Japan in 2024. As it relates to our assumptions going forward, we do feel that we obviously have realistic and very good assumptions that by definition, otherwise, we would have to change it. This is something that we look at every quarter. But we and if something material were to change, we will unlock assumptions but our deep dive study occurs in the third quarter of every year. Each quarter, though, there are remeasurement gains, losses, that are coming through our results as we true up for the experience in that quarter. And that has continued to be favorable as we have come out of the pandemic. That being said, I do want to be a little bit cautious as we are seeing higher claims come through, especially on products, for example, in the US on our accident and our hospital product and to some extent also cancer. And that means that our remeasurement gains may not be as strong going forward as they have been in the past. But generally speaking, we are a company that takes a cautious approach to our underwriting to make sure that we get good results. And I think that the remeasurement gains that you have seen is a testament to the underwriting decisions that a company has taken in the past.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you. And my follow-up, I guess, in the press release, Dan, you mentioned efforts on reengaging agents in the US. Can you just talk about the recruiting environment in the US? Are you seeing progress there, or is that kind of slowed?
Virgil Miller: Hey. Good morning. This is Virgil. Let me give you a color on that. I mentioned last year, so we're in a new regime out here. So definitely, there's a lot of competition. There are things like, you know, the economy that would impact recruitings from time to time. But all in all, I'm sticking to the point that we're going to always be around the ten thousand mark with our recruiting. We've demonstrated that now back to back. Although it's a little bit down from the year over year, we're still right around that ten thousand mark. Here's what I would say is that the core strength of our Aflac has always been our distribution. When you think about that, we will continue to go out, recruit agents, convert them, make the field force strong and dominant in that small market. I've added some new levels of leadership where we continue that focus. Our compensation plans are built around recruitment, and conversion to average week of producer and opening new small accounts. We continue to be strong doing our partnership with brokers in the mid-market and as I mentioned earlier, very strong in the upper case market now with the relationships we formed in our life and as the disability discipline. So we've got the market covered when it comes to distribution. I expect to recruit another ten thousand, around ten thousand this year. And continue to invest in what we're doing in that field force.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I guess my first one's on capital. You know, buyback picked up $750 million the quarter. You know, you guys obviously have pretty healthy capital positions in both the US and Japan. Does that $750 million, you know, feel like a good run rate level, or, you know, how should we think about share repurchase in 2025?
Max Broden: Thank you, Elyse. Your observation is correct that we obviously have a very healthy capital position around the company. And together with that, we also have a very good free cash flow generation overall as well, and that is what gives us the opportunity to reinvest into our operations and to redeploy capital back to our shareholders as well. We are very IRR driven, and as of right now, I would say that we get by far the best IRR on selling another policy. So as it relates to capital, that is the number one area. There are capital is going to. So we're looking for areas to grow our business organically. On top of that, we obviously have increased our dividends quite significantly over the last five years where we almost doubled our dividend per share. And on top of that, we want to be opportunistic and tactical in the way we redeploy capital back to shareholders through share repurchase. We stepped that up a little bit in the fourth quarter by $750 million, which I believe is the most that we've done in a single quarter. So that's a meaningful return back to shareholders. But going forward, we will continue to obviously evaluate all the opportunities that we have and make sure that we get good IRRs on all the deployments that we do.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question, you know, I believe there was, you know, a data sharing issue with Japan Post. Not related to Aflac, I believe. Right? But in general, you could just comment on that. And then did that have any impact on your sales in the fourth quarter? Would you expect there to be an impact in 2025?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: This is speaking from Aflac Japan. First of all, let me be clear, there were no issues with the sales of Aflac Japan's cancer insurance upon this incident. And given its past experience, Japan Post is taking a conservative approach to addressing this matter. The Japan Post Group is committed to selling your products and for our standard practice, Aflac Japan is in close communication with Japan Post Group at all levels of the organization. We'll continue to work closely with Japan Post Group in support of its sales of Aflac Cancer Insurance.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Virgil, in your comments, you talked about a failed implementation that was corrected. And how much of the market was dental and vision not present?
Virgil Miller: Hey, John. Great to hear from you. Ask me that question one more time. I didn't catch the last part, please.
John Barnidge: So, yeah, you talked about a failed implementation that was corrected. And how much of the market was dental and vision not present as a result of the failed implementation?
Virgil Miller: Oh, no. I have it. Thanks, John. Yeah. We were available, John. So I would tell you this, though, that we had some service degradation earlier in the year. That definitely impacts the perception of trust. And making sure that the brokers and the agents will come back and sell it. So during the fourth quarter, we were open for business and ready to go. We have tested all of our processes. We work with a partner who has a strong reputation and who's doing a good job with Aflac. Our network of dentists is one of the largest out in the industry. We do a rented network, and we also have a proprietary network, both to offer. What I would say to you though is that in this business where agents and brokers have a choice of business, we have to earn trust. That's what we're focused on, getting back that trust and demonstrating that the processes work. So if you look again, just to mention, in Q4, sales from the prior year were down 33%. Now although they don't make up a large part of our overall sales right now, I would say to you though that we get additional voluntary benefits alongside. So it's not just impacting dental, it also has this halo effect where you're not bringing other business that you normally would have. Seeing progress here, as we look into January. We're regaining some confidence. We are going around to all of our broker partners, and we put all types of messages out, demonstrating confidence to our agents. And I'm looking forward to seeing them come back and sell the product. It is a competitive product. We spend a lot of time developing it, I think it's good for all consumers out there to give it a try.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. And my follow-up question is remains on distribution. Ahead of the anticipated new cancer product launch. Should we expect more modest sales in the near term for that?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Hi. Yoshizumi speaking. This new cancer insurance will be launched in March 2025. And we're expecting this to be a big driver. And we have been introducing innovative cancer insurance to the market this past year. But this time, in addition to the insurance coverage, we'll be integrating our Aflac Yodizel Cancer Consultation Support, which is our unique concierge service into the coverage. And I would like to mention three characteristics. It carries a very rich and simple coverage structure. And not only during the treatment, but there will be a coverage will be enhanced before and after the treatment. And we have changed the payment conditions for the benefit to be more easy to understand. The next major is the fact that it has a very flexible coverage design that allows combining the existing policies and other products. And we have also newly established a child plan with lower premiums to support pediatric cancer patient families whose economic burden tends to be high with longer treatment periods. And we expect to see a big increase in performance by introducing this product to various channels in stages.
Dan Amos: Let me add one thing that I think is part of your question is that anytime we introduce a new product or revised product, we'll call it, there's a little dip in sales waiting for the new product and then the product should take off with the excitement of it being introduced throughout the country. So I just want to be clear on that. You can see a little dip and then strong growth.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey. Good morning. First question, could you talk a little bit about any change in your thinking regarding the 10% reinsurance of the Japan block to Bermuda? And also just maybe touch on how you would reevaluate that, if at all. Thanks.
Max Broden: Thank you, Wilma. So we currently have no change in our thinking. To date, we have seeded roughly 6% of our asset base of Aflac Japan to Bermuda. And so we have significant capacity as it relates to our internal cap of 10%. I want to stress that this is not an external cap, but it's an internal cap. And I think it's good risk management practice to have these kinds of caps in place because it means that we now have an opportunity to evaluate what we have done. And once we get closer to that 10%, then, obviously, all legal entities involved will make their own evaluation of if it makes sense to then move forward and increase that level for reasons where it may make sense for that legal entity. That applies to Aflac Bermuda, that applies to Aflac Japan, and obviously to Aflac Inc, as well. To date, we are very pleased with the outcomes of our reinsurance operations both in how they are being conducted, but also the overall outcome of it as it relates to improved balance sheet efficiency. And as you can see, improved return on equity overall for the group. And in fact, it has also reduced the risk of our Aflac Japan operations as well. So overall, we're quite pleased with where we are. And as we get closer to that 10% level, we will reassess.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And then, are there any dynamics of the weaker yen that could impact Aflac's operations or results aside from, I guess, the repatriation impacts? Thank you.
Max Broden: So, Wilma, the yen-dollar exchange rate does have an impact on our GAAP financials. As you know, we do not hedge our GAAP financials. So as you translate our yen-denominated earnings into US dollars, it does have an impact. And you obviously have seen that, especially over the last three years when you have experienced a significant depreciation of the yen versus the dollar. That being said, we do believe and we have the philosophy that we protect the economic value of Aflac Japan through an enterprise hedging program, and this is, as you know, three components to it. Where we hold US dollar assets on the Aflac Japan balance sheet, it is us at Aflac Inc. We are borrowing in yen and we also have an overlay of FX forwards at the holding company as well. And you add that up, and we believe that gives us very good protection on an economic basis to any moves, both small and significant, to the yen-dollar rate.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Morning. Max, how much of the Japan margin coming in at the low end of the guide is floating rate impact on NII and how much of it is more limited benefit ratio improvement? If you can unpack that.
Max Broden: I would say that the vast majority of it is obviously driven by net investment income. And I'll let Brad comment a little bit on that because, obviously, we're coming off a very good base here in 2024. That being said, when you think about the components of the benefit ratio, I would expect that over the forecast period at 2025 to 2027, that as we travel through that forecast period, the benefit ratio, all things being equal, we would expect to decline. Yeah. So it will start at the high end of the range and end at the lower end of the range. And the reason for that is that as our in-force mix is changing and it's each year tilting a little bit more towards third sector and a little bit less towards first sector, that means that the third sector lower benefit ratio business makes up a bigger component. So the mix impact of that is going to push us from the higher end of the benefit ratio range towards the lower end of the benefit ratio range. But it also means that from a pretax margin standpoint, it means that we expect to travel throughout the forecast period starting at the lower end of the range and then travel higher towards the higher end of the range throughout the forecast period. But I'll let Brad give some more color on net investment income as we go into 2025.
Brad Dyslin: Yeah, Tom. You're right that we are definitely facing some headwinds with the floating rate portfolio. As discussed, this is driven by the decrease in short rates, the 100 basis points decline we saw last year in SOFR. It does hit our $9 billion floating rate portfolio, but it also impacts our cash holdings and other short-term opportunities that we can see throughout the year, which we were able to take advantage of in 2024. But we also had a couple of one-off items that had a strong contribution last year. That we're facing this year. One was a rather large make-whole. And then we were also able to accelerate deployment in certain asset classes that had very attractive spreads earlier in the year. So there's a variety of things that contributed to a very strong 2024 that puts us up against some very difficult comps for 2025 that is the source of that headwind.
Tom Gallagher: Gotcha. And then just for a follow-up around looking at your capital position in Japan, it looks like you have about $4 billion of excess under the new ESR framework anyway. Would you anticipate getting an extraordinary dividend out of that entity? And any updated thoughts on what you might do with that much level of excess? I guess it's a high-class problem, but still, you know, without robust growth opportunities, I can't imagine it makes a lot of economic sense to leave that much excess in Japan.
Max Broden: So, Tom, I would characterize it. Our capital position in Japan is very strong. We are still going through the transition of the capital regime framework from SMR to ESR. And while ESR has not formally been implemented yet, I think it would not be very smart to go and try to right-size your capital base on a future capital regime basis. So step one is we would expect to certainly wait and fully evaluate this until after the ESR has been implemented. And as you know, that is at the end of the first quarter of 2026. So that means that over time, we would expect to be in the target operating range of 170% to 230%. But for the time being, I would not expect any special dividend in the near term.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. Thanks for fitting in. I guess this is for Virgil. I was wondering with the elevated expense ratio in Aflac US, how long do you expect the investments in the work you're doing to accelerate growth to weigh on the expense ratio?
Virgil Miller: Yeah. Hi. Thanks, Josh. I would say, you know, we started to bend that curve. You know, we had one time been up to around 41% with the expense ratio. This year, we came in around 38.5%, I think, to be exact. So very, very pleased with that performance that we are bending it. And that is why we're still, as you pointed out, investing in the buy the bills. The key is to get these buy the bills to scale. And we are experiencing solid better than expected growth on the PLAS platform, better than expected growth on the consumer markets platform. And like I said, it sounds like I'm a broken record, but we've got to turn the curve with the dental vision platform. We're doing all the right things to get that done. If we do that right, that will help not only contribute to the expense ratio by bringing in additional new sales revenue that we need to offset that expense ratio, but we will continue to do strong, though, disciplined expense management. I expect the curve to come down even further this year in 2025.
Josh Shanker: Are you know, if we think out more long term, you know, 2026, 2027, are we thinking it's on the margin or this is several hundred basis points?
Virgil Miller: Yeah. So I would tell you that we would at FAL, we put forth a range on the margin between 17 and 20%. We're going to stay within our range because we're going to make sure that our disciplined expense management hits those marks. If you look at 2025, 2026, and 2027, I am showing a decrease though in expense margin in expense ratio incrementally year over year over year.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dan Amos: I think the important factor to get from this sales part of dental and vision is we got it right in the we want that distance. We just didn't execute to the level we needed to. And made a mistake, and I've got that now on target. And we've just got an outcome through with it. So we can achieve and will achieve.
Josh Shanker: Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hey. Good morning. First question I had is just on the competitive environment a bit. And going back to some of the comments you all made around sales and, you know, you remain disciplined, like, you know, you could've shown better sales, but you're remaining disciplined. And I just want to dig into that a bit. I mean, when I think about, like, the signpost that I look at, I mean, it seems like well, reinsurance to Bermuda. The new money yields were in excess of 9% in the US and 8% in Japan. So I'm just trying to understand, you know, you're pulling are you getting those targeted IRRs because of some of the leverage or, you know, do you still feel like there's the same opportunity here that you've had in the past?
Max Broden: Let me address our life insurance business in Japan in particular because I think that's what you're really driving at. Obviously, higher yields matter, especially in yen terms as we sell yen-denominated products. But it's really the new business strain associated with these products and high reserving levels still puts the IRRs under significant pressure. But if you look at it on a post-reinsurance basis, we get very, very good IRRs, and that's why we feel very confident selling both our waste and our consummator product into the marketplace.
Alex Scott: Okay. And maybe as a follow-up, I mean, one of the themes we've seen in group benefits this quarter from some of the peers is there seems to be sort of a have versus have-nots in terms of, like, capabilities on the platform and, you know, having that translate to sales growth being favorable or less favorable. And I guess I just pose the question to you. I mean, how do you feel about the capabilities in your group benefits platform, the scale? Do you have what you need? Is there more that you could go out and acquire whether inorganically or things that you may need to invest in?
Virgil Miller: I would say this is, Virgil. I would say this that when we acquired the life and disability business, we had invested to make sure we've got the right platform for that business line. I'm very technical on this, meaning that we have the right technology. We have the right resources, the talent to scale. On our group BB, we've made significant investments over the years to get the same with talent, with technology. And then we're doing that. We just did the same with our dental platform. Where I'm going with this is we have put forth what I would call a market segmentation strategy. We've got the right products for each segment. We've got the right distribution for each segment. What we're investing in right now is the ability to bring those things together so we're able to be more competitive with the ability to bundle and to present one unique experience to the market. Each platform stands strong independently. The talent stands strong independently. The product stands strong independently. Our core strategy will be bringing those things together. So there will be little additional investment to do that over the next couple of years. We're currently doing it right now. We respond to RFPs in the market as one Aflac, and we're going to really demonstrate the ability to be best in class with the technology and the discipline to have those things fit together going forward.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jack Matting of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jack Matting: Hi. Good morning. Most might have answered, but maybe just one on commercial real estate. Could you just talk a little bit more about trends in that market and how you expect things to develop on Aflac's portfolio in 2025?
Brad Dyslin: Sure. Thank you, Jack, for the question. As you're undoubtedly aware, the market remains pretty difficult. It does seem that we may have hit the bottom, but we're very slow to recover. We'll continue working through our portfolio. Our preference is to work with borrowers to find a solution, but if the best way to protect our interest is to foreclose, we've demonstrated we're willing to do that to maximize our recoveries. We do expect this to be a long recovery. We have seen some early signs that things are moving the right way, but it's very early and values remain still quite depressed. At this point, we expect 2025 to largely play out much like 2024. We'll continue working through our watch list. We will manage our REO portfolio to maximize our long-term returns. We expect it is going to take quite some time for this recovery to happen. But that's our general outlook at this point. We do think it's going to be one that's going to take time to work through.
Jack Matting: Thank you. And then, just a quick follow-up on the Japan sales outlook. I guess other than the major kind of cancer product launch you have coming in a couple of months, are there any kind of other launches or refreshes that you have planned this year that could impact the cadence of sales in 2025?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Yes. As for the new product, we'll be launching the new cancer insurance in stages from March to April. And for the medical insurance, we have rebranded and improved the service last August. And we have also been strengthening our sales with a new plan targeting the middle-aged and older customers that was launched in September 2024. And we'll be able to provide one more strengthened promotion through our end-to-end structure, and that has been developed recently. And this structure is developed by each brand. In terms of the parameters, in comparison to the sales volume of 2024, this year will settle down. However, we believe that this will continue to generate solid results. With regards to the channel, we started an effort two years ago to enhance and increase other agents. And in 2023, we have hired approximately 600 agents. And they have made a great deal of contribution to our activities last year in 2024. But we have succeeded in hiring much more than 600 people in 2024. And we expect these new agents to be more active in 2025. As I said earlier, we will be utilizing the first sector product as a hook to expand the third sector business, actually. And such training is being implemented and strengthened. That's all.
Jack Matting: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea, and thank you all for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your interest in Aflac Incorporated and look forward to hearing from you and seeing you soon. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's remarks, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning and welcome. Thank you for joining us for Aflac Incorporated third quarter earnings call. I hope you will also join us for our Financial Analyst Briefing on December 3rd at the New York Stock Exchange. Registration reminders for this event will go out over the next few weeks. This morning, Dan Amos, Chairman, CEO of Aflac Incorporated will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will provide an update on our financial results and current capital and liquidity. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com. In addition, Max provided his quarterly video update, which also includes information about the outlook for 2024. We also posted under Financials, on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real-estate and middle-market loans. For Q&A today, we are joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various Risk Factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning. We're glad you joined us. As you saw, Aflac Incorporated reported a loss of $0.17 per diluted share on a U.S. GAAP basis for the quarter, primarily due to increased foreign exchange related losses from the yen and the strengthening of 12.9% during the quarter. However, adjusted earnings per diluted share for the quarter increased 17.4% to $2.16. Year-to-date, earnings per diluted share were $6.23 and adjusted earnings per share on a diluted basis rose 13.5% to $5.64. Beginning with Japan, we drove a 12.3% year-over-year increase in sales in the third quarter, maintaining the initial momentum from the June launch of Tsumitasu. As you'll recall, Tsumitasu combines asset formation with a nursing care option. It is part of our strategy to attract new and younger customers while also introducing them to our third sector policies. Tsumitasu also played an important role in the sales growth at the agencies. I'm also very pleased with the continued improvement in cancer insurance sales through Japan Post Channel, especially considering that WINGS has been in the market for over two years. On November 15, we'll be celebrating 50 years in Japan. Our marketing efforts will focus on creating additional touch points with customers around their needs and our products. Overall, Koide San and his team have done a great job of driving sales in Japan and even more so of delivering record profit margins for the quarter. Turning to the U.S., we achieved 5.5% sales growth for the quarter. These sales results reflects strong growth in Group Life, absent management and disability, which is encouraging as we continue to scale up that platform. In addition, it's good to see a continued increase in cancer insurance sales given our efforts to enhance the value proposition to our cancer policyholders. As we enter the fourth quarter and what tends to be our heaviest enrollment period, we will continue to focus on profitable growth, disciplined expense management, and optimizing our Dental and Vision platform. Overall, Virgil and his team are doing a good job balancing profitable growth, enhancing the value proposition of our policyholders, and curving the expense ratios. Their efforts contributed to the strong 20.8% pre-tax profit margin for the quarter. Max has done a great job leading the team to proactively defend our cash flows and deployable capital against a weakening yen, as well as establish our reinsurance platform in Bermuda. Over the course of this year, Virgil and Max as well as Audrey Tillman have taken on additional responsibilities. The Board and I are thrilled to recognize the tremendous contributions these executive leaders have made with their promotion announcements yesterday. You've probably heard me say many times that in conjunction with the Board, one of my key responsibilities is succession planning for key roles and I look forward to continuing to work with them and prepare them for the future. Turning to investments. We have been very pleased with our investment portfolio's performance as it continues to produce strong net investment income with minimal losses and impairments. As an insurance company, our primary responsibility is to fulfill the promises we make to our policyholders, while being responsive to the needs of our shareholders. Our solid portfolio supports our promise to our policyholders as does our commitment to maintaining strong capital ratios. We balance this financial strength with tactical capital deployment. We intend to continue prudently managing our liquidity and capital to preserve the strength of our capital and cash flows. This supports both our dividend track record and tactical share repurchase. We treasure our track record of what is now 42 consecutive years of dividend growth with the Board of Directors declaration of the fourth quarter dividend of $0.50. We repurchased $500 million in shares during the quarter and intend to continue our balanced tactical approach of investing in growth and driving long-term operating efficiencies. Our management team, employees, and sales distribution continue to be dedicated stewards of our business, being there for the policyholders when they need us most just as we promised. This exemplifies our goal of providing customers with the best value in the supplemental insurance products in the United States and Japan. We believe in the underlying strengths of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the United States, two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. Aflac is well-positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. I'll now turn the program over to Max to cover more details of the financial results. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Dan. Thank you for joining me as I provide a financial update on Aflac Incorporated's results for the third quarter of 2024. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 17.4% year-over-year to $2.16 with a $0.03 negative impact from FX in the quarter. In the quarter, remeasurement gains on reserves totaled $408 million, reducing benefits while an offsetting unlock of the deferred profit liability in Japan reduced earned premium by $75 million. Variable investment income ran $27 million below our long-term return expectations. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses increased 7.3% and the adjusted ROE was 16.7%, an acceptable spread to our cost of capital. Overall, we view these results in the quarter as solid. Starting with our Japan segment, net earned premiums for the quarter declined 10.5%. This decline reflects a ¥7.3 billion negative impact from an internal cancer reinsurance transaction executed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and a ¥4.6 billion negative impact from paid-up policies. In addition, there is a ¥13.3 billion negative impact from deferred profit liability, the majority of which is a one-time impact from unlocking of LDTI assumptions. At the same time, policies in force declined 2.3%. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 49.2% for the quarter down 15.9 percentage points year-over-year and the third sector benefit ratio was 41.8% down approximately 13 percentage points year-over-year. We estimate the impact from remeasurement gains to be approximately 18 percentage points favorable to the benefit ratio in Q3 2024. Long-term experience trends as it relates to treatments of cancer and hospitalization continue to be in place, leading to continued favorable underwriting experience. Given the impact from unlocking, we now expect the full year benefit ratio to end up in the range of 62% to 63%. Persistency remained solid with a rate of 93.3%, which was down 20 basis points year-over-year. This change in persistency is in line with our expectations. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20% up 100 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by decline in revenues. Adjusted net investment income in yen terms was up 0.1% as the benefits from lower hedge costs and favorable impact from foreign currency on U.S. dollar investments in yen terms were largely offset by lower floating rate income and lower volume as we have continued to shift assets from Aflac Japan to Aflac Re Bermuda. The pre-tax margin for Japan in the quarter was 44.7%, up 11.9 percentage points year-over-year, a very good result. For the full year, we now expect the pre-tax margin to be in the range of 35% to 36%. Turning to U.S. results, net earned premium was up 2.8%, persistency increased 20 basis points year-over-year to 78.9%. Considering our year-to-date results, we now expect full year net earned premium to be towards the lower end of our guidance range of 3% to 5%. Our total benefit ratio came in at 47.6%, 11.7 percentage points higher than Q3 2023 driven by lower remeasurement gains than a year ago. We estimate that the remeasurement gains impacted the benefit ratio by approximately 120 basis points in the quarter. Claims utilization has rebounded from depressed levels during the pandemic and are now more in line with our long-term expectations. For the full year, we would expect the benefit ratio to be towards the higher end of our guidance range of 45% to 47%. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 38% down 260 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by platforms improving scale and strong expense management. Given business seasonality, we would expect an uptick in expense ratio for Q4, but to remain with our guidance range of 38% to 40% for the full year. Our growth initiatives Group Life and Disability, Network Dental Vision and direct-to-consumer increased our total expense ratio by 100 basis points. This is in line with our expectations and we would expect this impact to decrease going forward as these businesses grow to scale and improve their profitability. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 0.5% mainly driven by higher fixed rate income. Profitability in the U.S. segment was solid with a pre-tax margin of 20.8% also a good result. Our total commercial real estate loan watchlist remains approximately $1 billion with less than $250 million in process of foreclosure currently. As a result of these current low valuation marks, we increased our CECL reserves associated with these loans by $3 million in this quarter, net of charge-offs. We've had one foreclosure moved into real estate-owned. We continue to believe that the current distressed market does not reflect the true intrinsic value of our portfolio, which is why we are confident in our ability to take ownership of these assets, manage them through this cycle, and maximize our recoveries. Our portfolio of first lien senior secured middle market loans continued to perform well with losses below our expectations for this point in the cycle. In our Corporate segment, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $15 million. Adjusted net investment income was $37 million higher than last year due to a combination of higher rates and asset balances, which included the impact of reinsurance transactions in Q4 of 2023, as well as continued lower volume of tax credit investments. These tax credit investments impacted the corporate net investment income line for U.S. GAAP purposes negatively by $57 million in the quarter with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $5 million in the quarter. To-date, these investments are performing well and in line with our expectations. We are continuing to build out our internal reinsurance platform, and I'm pleased with the outcome and performance. In the fourth quarter, we intend to execute another tranche with similar structure and economics in yen terms to our October 2023 transaction. Our capital position remained strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR about 1,100% and our combined RBC, while not finalized, we estimate to be greater than 650%. These are strong capital ratios, which we actively monitor, stress and manage to withstand credit cycles as well as external shocks. U.S. statutory impairments were $58 million, and there were no additional Japan FSA impairments in Q3. This is well within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. As we hold approximately 60% of our debt in yen, our leverage increased to 21% as a result of the move in the yen-dollar exchange rate, well within our target range of 20% to 25%. Our leverage will fluctuate with movements in the yen-dollar rate. This is intentional and part of our enterprise hedging program protecting the economic value of Aflac Japan in the U.S. dollar terms. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $3.9 billion, $2.1 billion above our minimum balance. We repurchased $500 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $280 million in Q3, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Thank you. And I will now hand over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin our Q&A, we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. You may then rejoin the queue. We'll now take the first question.
Operator: We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Joel Hurwitz from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz: Hi, good morning. I wanted to start on Japan sales. So third sector sales continues to be a bit challenged. Can you just talk about plans for both cancer and medical? And what are you expecting from sales promotions related to the 50th anniversary?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] This is Yoshizumi, in charge of Sales and Marketing in Japan. [Foreign Language] So let me first start off with how we are successful. And the reason for that is because of this new product that we've launched, which is an asset formation product plus the nursing care coverage. And this product also has a feature that once it becomes paid up, this can be converted into medical, nursing care or death benefit. [Foreign Language] First of all, again, this Tsumitasu was developed to meet the young and middle-aged customers' needs for asset formation and contribute to the expansion of third sector sales. [Foreign Language] And considerable preparations for sales from June through third quarter led to 12.3% growth. [Foreign Language] And the purpose was to approach young and middle aged new customers and new customers. [Foreign Language] As well as proposing additional sales of third sector products. [Foreign Language] And also to cross-sell products. [Foreign Language] And this has led to revitalizing the sales activities of the associates. [Foreign Language] So as a result, what we are expecting is that our third sector sales would grow increase by selling Tsumitasu. [Foreign Language] Now let me turn to cancer insurance. [Foreign Language] And as you mentioned, by using 50th anniversary as our trader or a hook, we are trying to sell our cancer insurance and cross-sell cancer insurance. [Foreign Language] And as you may know, our cancer insurance was launched two years ago, meaning that it has gone two years already. [Foreign Language] We have a service called concierge service that no other company is able to offer. [Foreign Language] In other words, this is called the Yoriso cancer consultation support service. [Foreign Language] And what we are trying to do is by using to appeal this product and service; we are using TV commercials and web advertisement to really appeal the value of this product and service. [Foreign Language] And we are also considering to launch a new product around spring next year. [Foreign Language] So as a result, we are expecting that our cancer sales will increase. [Foreign Language] Now turning to medical insurance. [Foreign Language] We've changed the product name and rerounded. [Foreign Language] And this is also one of its kind that only Aflac has in terms of the coverage, and it's really attracting attention of the market. In other words, we have this mostly coverage feature that no other company has. [Foreign Language] And we would like to grow the sale of this product together with Tsumitasu. [Foreign Language] And we've also launched a new plan for middle and older aged customers over 50 years old. [Foreign Language] So as a result, we are seeing a gradual recovery in medical sales, and we are expecting good sales from it. [Foreign Language] And overall, we are expecting that our third sector product sales will recover and increase because of the reasons that I've mentioned. At the same time, we have been quite successful in recruiting sales agents for the third sector, and we are strengthening our sales force, too. [Foreign Language] That's all for me.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question just on capital allocation, and I'll just have a quick follow-up on sales. So can you talk a bit about broader capital allocation, how you're thinking about it? I know the buyback was a bit lower this quarter, but you have the strong level of excess capital accumulating. Any thoughts on a special dividend, M&A, as you think about -- let's just say if the stock does continue to trade at strong levels, what would your plans be? Would you still do good levels of buybacks heading into next year? Or would you consider these other options? Thanks.
Max Broden: Thank you, Tom. You're right in acknowledging that our capital ratios, they are strong. We are also generating significant capital both organically throughout our operations, plus what we are doing around reinsurance as well, freeing up additional levels of capital. So we are very strong on that front. And then we look at all of those opportunities that you mentioned, and I would not put anything off the table. We evaluate what -- where we can get the best returns currently, but more importantly, long-term. When we evaluate our business, we think about it over the next 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20 years and think about what is going to generate the highest return on that capital for us over that time period. And especially when you think strategically around things like M&A, you have to take that into consideration. So these are the things that go into our capital allocation consideration, both in terms of, obviously, how much we have, how we see capital generation coming to us and then ultimately, the returns that we can get. And we really mean it when we say that we are thinking about what those returns are, and it is a dynamic world where these things are changing but I will not take anything off the table. That includes, obviously, everything that you mentioned.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks for that, Max. And just a follow-up on sales. Can you give a sense for the split between -- of the first sector product you're selling? What's the split between new customers versus existing customers that are buying that product? Thanks.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] If you're asking about the new customer ratio of the sale of first sector product. [Foreign Language] Well, right now, sales to existing customers is larger than to those of new customers. And this is always the case when we launch a new product. [Foreign Language] And when we do this kind of first sector sale, there's always a cross-sell, and we do -- we are meeting the expected level of cross-sell rate at the moment. And as we move forward on a monthly basis, more and more new customers are increasing. [Foreign Language] And what it also means is that when we explore -- try to acquire young and middle-aged customers using Tsumitasu that just purely means that we are trying to acquire new customers. [Foreign Language] So our strategy to increase new customers after we go around the cycle of approaching to our existing customers, and that's what we are doing and that's our strategy. Thank you. That's all.
Dan Amos: Yes. I'd like to make a comment about that. I would say that the numbers are falling in line with our expectations. We thought it would be over 20%. We hope it would be closer to 25%. Sure not been started at about 20%, and it's moved up to 25%. And so that's in the range of what we had anticipated or maybe even a little better. So we're very pleased with Tsumitasu and what is taking place and how it's bringing on new customers for us, young and middle age. So that should answer your question.
Operator: Next question comes from Wes Carmichael from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, thanks. Good morning. From Yoshizumi-san's remarks, it sounds like the sales force is really leaning into Tsumitasu. I guess my question is, does this really kind of like contemplate a fee change where we should see a greater contribution from first sector sales going forward. And I know, Max, you said the returns after reinsurance are kind of similar to third sector products. So really just want to understand strategically if we should expect that mix to be more balanced going forward, between first sector and third.
Max Broden: Given -- given what Japan is going through and I would -- and I would expect that --
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] So our strategy can be divided into two parts. One is, of course, to ensure profitability by using reinsurance. And the other is as I've mentioned earlier, by Tsumitasu, we are also bringing in new third sector. And that way, we are trying to secure profits and revenue from that perspective.
Max Broden: Let me add a comment to that answer. Tsumitasu has important aspects to many parts of our business. And it is the fact that Japan, as a society, obviously, is aging. And with that, there is a significant increase in retirement needs and retirement funding. And Japan is pushing harder to become more of an asset management country as well with policies. That means that we would expect that a retirement products are going to going to be and more important tool for both the financial industry and for us going forward. And you have seen how Yoshizumi-san outlined how we are using Tsumitasu to then also cross-sell our third sector business. So I would expect it to be a more meaningful part of our portfolio going forward than what it has been in a more recent past. I still definitely think that we will predominantly be a third sector company, but where the first sector savings business will be a meaningful component of our total sales.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I had a question on the Japan benefit ratio. I think coming into the year, your guidance was 66% to 68%. I guess when we think about the assumptions unlocking, and year-to-date experience, would you expect that to be improved from the original expectation going forward? I guess, it looks like your guidance for the full year implied maybe something closer to 65% to 67% in the fourth quarter.
Max Broden: Yes. The impact from this unlock is that we have lowered the future net premium ratio by roughly 100 basis points. So all things being equal, that means that we would expect our benefit ratio going forward for our in-force business to be roughly 100 basis points lower than what we previously expected before the unlock. So it does have an impact for future benefit ratios as well and that would apply going into 2025 as well.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then just a quick one. Can you give us your run rate earnings expectations for the Corporate segment at this point? I guess, let's say, assuming 0 tax credit impact.
Max Broden: So, in this quarter, we had a $15 million pre-tax profit and the tax credit investments lowered that number by roughly $57 million on a pre-tax basis. So that will get you closer to the run rate as of this quarter. I would acknowledge that this is an area where we are sensitive to short-term yields. So if you have a short-term yields coming down, that would put pressure a little bit on that number. But I would expect that in the near-term, our run rate profitability should be that we will continue to be profitable in that segment, all things being equal for -- that's the current run rate.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. My question sticks there. On the 100 basis points of future benefit ratio benefit that are or do you take into account long-term experience? Would short-term experience that continues to be favorable, be incremental to that 100 basis points. Thank you.
Max Broden: Let me start off, and I'll ask Alycia, our Global Chief Actuary, to fill in with any comments she may have. Obviously, when we do a deep dive study as we just concluded, we try to incorporate all the experience that we've had to-date, but then also obviously unlocking future assumptions. In those future assumptions, there is a future trend incorporated in that. And if future experience tends to -- if it would were to deviate to that trend that could lead to either further releases or increases related to that. But I do want to acknowledge that there is an element of a future trend incorporated in these unlocks as well.
Alycia Slyck: Thank you, Max. Yes, we incorporated our future trend into our unlock this year. So we believe we have reflected all of our current experience and expectations. We do review our assumptions annually to investigate new trends, but all of that has currently been reflected in this unlock.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. And my follow-up question that's related following an 18-point benefit from the unlock, do you view that, that increases the total addressable market for liabilities that over the long-term could potentially go to Bermuda? Thank you.
Max Broden: Yes. I would view them as somewhat unrelated. This unlock is a U.S. GAAP unlock only with no impact to our U.S. statutory results in the U.S. and reserves and no impact to our FSA results or FSA reserves. So I would not draw that link.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, I had a question on just your expected -- your expectations for how Tsumitasu sales are going to trend? Should we assume that they're going to keep growing from here? Or was there sort of a pent-up demand phenomena to where sales will begin to fade over the next few quarters?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you for the questions. Let me answer this question. This is Yoshizumi once again. [Foreign Language] Well, Tsumitasu was launched in June as a new product. And in that month, in June, we had a very big sales. And the reason why we were able to do so is because we had fully prepared for it in advance of the launch. [Foreign Language] And from July and on, Tsumitasu sales have been successful, and it is meeting -- it is meeting the level that we have been expecting. [Foreign Language] And as I have mentioned several times that Tsumitasu is very well known and we're very well taken by customers, and it's a very popular product in the market. [Foreign Language] So as a result, what we are thinking is that until the end of the year, perhaps next quarter, we should be able to generate a very stable number from Tsumitasu. [Foreign Language] And as I have mentioned earlier that this product is very popular among young people because this product does meet the needs of these young people. And what that means is that during their payment period, they would have asset formation function as well as nursing care. And then, after that period, the customer can choose from medical, nursing care or a death benefit. And that's the reason why this product is so popular among young people. [Foreign Language] So my conclusion is that we are expecting to have a certain level of sales from Tsumitasu going forward as well. [Foreign Language] That's all for me.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thanks. And then on the U.S. business, it seems like incurred claims are running a lot higher so far this year than they have in the last several years. Is that a mix issue? Or are you just seeing usage in some of the products pick up? Or are there other factors driving that?
Virgil Miller: Hi, good morning. This is Virgil from the U.S. It is -- I would say that some of it is definitely delivered an extension on our part. We want to make sure that we put the value of the benefits in the hands of the policyholders but we don't want to over toggle. So what we've done this year is we've increased benefits on certain lines of business at no additional cost. We've gone out and pushed campaigns for consumers to file one of those benefits to make sure that we try to catch any type of problem before it turns into a long-term condition. And then the last thing I would say to you, though, is that mix does matter. We've been pushing on the cancer business while an individual line of business, and we've had good success year-to-date with sales up about 9%. And then the last thing I would say is we introduced and I mentioned this before, about our stronger underwriting discipline on our VB benefits. And we're really looking now to bring on business with high turnover and thus yielding better persistency for us over the long-term. All of these things are factoring in to help drive a move that benefit ratio. We are constantly monitoring though, to make sure that we're within our tolerance.
Max Broden: And then just to add to that, there is one more mix impact that is running through the U.S. results. And that is as we grow our Group Life and Disability business and that becomes a greater proportion of our in-force that will, over time, drive up the benefit ratio for the U.S. segment. The Group Life and Disability business, we would expect to run at sort of a low 80s benefit ratio. So all things being equal, that will continue to push that benefit ratio higher.
Operator: The next question comes from Wilma Burdis from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. I guess, what is the Dan's recent promotions? Could you talk a little bit about what you're most focused on from a development and succession perspective over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Max Broden: Wilma, there was something that moved when you asked the question at the very start. What were you asking?
Wilma Burdis: Sorry, I said for Dan, given the recent promotions, could you talk a little bit more about what you're focused on from a development and succession perspective for the next couple of years? Thanks.
Dan Amos: Well, I think the first question is how does it relate to me specifically and what are my plans? And my plans really haven't changed. I serve at the pleasure of the Board and frankly, enjoy doing that. They ultimately make the final decisions on what they want to happen, but I'm enjoying it. But at the same time, I owe it to the shareholders and the Board to make sure there's a succession plan and there's a depth in management that is there to show our ability to continue on without disruption. And I believe that we've got the people in place with the opportunity. And first, I have suggested to the Board and that they begin to place someone internally several people that they think have potential to take over one day. And certainly, Virgil is at the top of that list. He -- I have to say I'm very pleased with the U.S. because it's become a much different company than it was five years ago. As we've gotten into the plans business that I think it was Max was talking about, and we've seen look at group business and how Virgil mentioned that we're not right in certain types of business. And then we've got our distribution channel, which is very unusual. There really aren't many people out there that have the distribution channel that we have from an independent agent's perspective. And then building on the broker business and what's going on there in the U.S. And so, yes, I think he certainly deserves the opportunity to have his name in the pot for what will take place when I do retire at some point in time. I think Max is showing his strength on the call today and what he's doing. And he's gone in as if it was uninterrupted with the job that Fred was doing before he left at this year. And so I've been very pleased with that. And then Audrey has always been an outstanding person for us from counsel, from independent review of not just that, but any issue that might be out there that concerns understanding the employees, understanding the law, understanding all of those aspects of it. So I feel very good about these promotions. And then we had several others our Head of IT, being Executive Vice President, and she is doing a great job. She's rated one of the 100 in best women in America in the IT area. So we're lucky to have her. You heard Alycia has been with us a little over a year, and she has jumped right in. So I'm very pleased with the bench. We've got Robin, who's now Chief Accounting Officer of the company and you, we've got Fred Simard. Certainly, what Brad has done has been uninterrupted in terms of taking over Eric's position. So all in all, I have to tell you that our bench is strong. There -- most of them are relatively new in the positions. They've had more responsibility added to them in certain cases, as is in the case of Brad, he's picked up more. You've seen it with Max and what's taking place. So all in all, that's where I am. And I'll just tell you that I'm happy and we'll continue on. But I want someone that if something happened tomorrow, there would be a smooth transition and the Board has plenty of options to do what they deem as necessary.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you, and congrats to Virgil, Max and Audrey as well. One maybe for Virgil, could you discuss any macro or employment environment impacts that you're seeing in the U.S. that are impacting sales and/or recruiting. Thanks.
Virgil Miller: Yes. Thank you for the question. And thank you for the congratulations. I'm excited about the opportunity and look forward to partnering with my colleagues here in pushing the Aflac forward for the future. I would say that you saw that earlier in the year, we started out of the gate slow with our sales, put it up a negative quarter that we were able to rebound in the second quarter, coming up with about a 2.2% increase. And then for this quarter, really exceeded what I expect at a 5.5% increase. And it's really accumulating from a couple of things. Max and Dan both mentioned the plans business. What that means from my perspective, till is we have an opportunity right now in a strong product base to compete in the jumbo case market. Generally, we're talking about employer groups with more than 5,000 employees. And then we're also talking about the relationships that we forged with the brokers in that space. At the same time, though, we continue to focus on building our career field force channel bank. And what you're seeing, though, is in that first quarter, slow movement on recruitment. We were able to come back with a 10% increase in recruiting. And I'm pleased, again, this quarter; we were able to come up with a positive increase in recruiting. So therefore, I will tell you that there are some economics of things happening around us, but it's all about getting and building up our field and making sure we've got talented recruits that become veterans. Our pipeline is stronger this year and will have strong. Our goal is to convert them into average week of producer. So in that environment, we're going to continue to play in the small case market, make sure we for its broker relationship and then continue to build reputation up in that larger case space. And I would think that we continue to see consistency in the U.S. like you're saying.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Annitto from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Nick Annitto: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Just on the U.S., can you touch a little bit on persistency and what's driving the strength there, assuming it's just some sort of mix?
Virgil Miller: Hi, yes. Let me start again. This is Virgil, and let me start with the dimension of Max mentioned that earlier. Mix does matched. So as we continue to scale up our life and absence and disability business that we brought on Board, it does start now to influence overall. But I would say if you kind of go back and just look at our original individual business; we are also seeing some improvement there. That is driven by some intentional efforts. So some of the things we're doing, I mentioned earlier, is making sure we focus on those products that have a higher persistency. We started in this business known with the reputation of a cancer insurance company. Cancer insurance is still extremely important to us. We continue to push on that product have success. And as Dan would say, cancer is a disease of age. Therefore, people are more likely to keep it once they have it, and we absolutely see that in our numbers. I would also tell you though that we're also doing intentional efforts, and this is why you're seeing some of the movement in the benefit ratio. We continue to drive our wellness benefits. We've actually made some increases on what we pay out on some of our policies. We've also increased the benefit though, on things like our hospital, our policy groups demonstrating though adding additional benefit and value for those consumers. As long as we can demonstrate consumer value, we have a likelihood of building that loyalty we're going to keep the products, we want to continue those things and we do think that it's having to influence our persistency along with the mix that you mentioned.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Jack Ellison [ph] on for Alex. So I appreciate all the color around sales initiatives in Japan. But do you mind talking more about the competitive environment you're seeing over there and specifically in third sector products. Thank you.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Okay. This is Yoshizumi once again. I will be answering your questions. [Foreign Language] And when you talk about third sector, it's basically about medical insurance. And as you may know, the competition continues to be very to severe. [Foreign Language] So the situation where one company launched their product and then another company will launch a product, and that situation has not changed. [Foreign Language] So in order for us to survive in this competitive environment, what we need to do is, first of all, to have some uniqueness. [Foreign Language] And also the flexibility that would serve customers' needs. [Foreign Language] An easy-to-understand feature. [Foreign Language] These would be the features that would be needed in a product. [Foreign Language] And then on top of that, we would need a distribution channel to sell this kind of product. [Foreign Language] And Aflac now currently has this new medical feature called monthly coverage, which is very reasonable and which is very well received by the market. [Foreign Language] And this product also has a very flexible features, too. [Foreign Language] So because of these products, uniqueness as well as the flexibility, this product is attracting a lot of attention in the market. [Foreign Language] And talking about our distribution channel, which is really a strength of ours is that there are agencies that only sell Aflac products and they're very loyal to our products. [Foreign Language] And at the same time, we also register our products with large non-exclusive agencies that have large volume of young and middle aged customers. [Foreign Language] And we firmly believe that we can win in the competition by increasing our sales through these channels. [Foreign Language] And now let me talk about cancer. [Foreign Language] We have 50 years of history with cancer insurance. [Foreign Language] So that intelligence that we've gathered. [Foreign Language] And the expertise that we have is something that no other company has and we also have a relationship with the government, politics, and also other areas of businesses. And this network is not something that any other company has. [Foreign Language] And as a very big channel, we also have Japan Post. [Foreign Language] Well, Japan Post sells Aflac Cancer Insurance. [Foreign Language] And Japan Post does not sell any other companies cancer insurance. [Foreign Language] And I do firmly believe that we can have a very good future and have had expectation for the future in both cancer and medical by fully leveraging this third sector power, and we truly become number one or we are the number one third sector company. [Foreign Language] We will constantly be looking at the market. [Foreign Language] And we'll be launching products to meet the needs and respond to the customers' needs. [Foreign Language] And of course, develop and grow our distribution channel. [Foreign Language] And win against our competitors. [Foreign Language] And that is my way of thinking.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you all for joining us today. We hope you'll join us on December 3rd at our Financial Analyst Briefing. If you have any questions, please follow-up with Investor and Rating Agency Relations, and we appreciate it. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning, and welcome. Thank you for joining us for Aflac Incorporated Second quarter earnings call. While I have your attention I also want you to mark your calendars to join us for our Financial Analyst Briefing at the New York Stock Exchange on December 3rd. Now this morning, Dan Amos, Chairman, CEO and President of Aflac Incorporated will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Max Broden, Executive Vice-President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will provide an update on our financial results and current capital and liquidity. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com, including Max's quarterly video updates which also includes information about the outlook for 2024. We also posted under Financials, on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real-estate and middle-market loans. For Q&A today, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac US.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-US GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning, and we're glad you joined us. Aflac Incorporated delivered another quarter and six months of very solid earnings results. Net earnings per diluted share were $3.10 for the quarter and $4.64 for the first six months. On an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share for the quarter were we're up 15.8% to $1.83 and for the first six months, we were up 11.5% to $3.49. From a broad operational perspective, we've generated profitable growth in the United States and Japan with new products and distribution strategies. We believe our strategy will continue to create long-term value for the shareholders, at the same time, we believe that the need for our products we offer is a strong or stronger than it has ever been before in both the United States and Japan. Beginning with Japan, we have continued to focus on third sector products like our cancer insurance product called the WINGS as the new fiscal year began in Japan, we saw continued improvement in cancer insurance through the Japan Post Channel. We have continued our strategy of introducing life insurance products including Tsumitasu, which we launched on June 2nd. This product offers policyholders an hazard formation component with nursing care option. It was designed to attract new and younger customers, while also introducing opportunities to sell them our core third sector products. While still very early, we are pleased with how our agencies have sold this product, which drove a 4.5% sales increase for the second quarter being where consumers want to buy insurance remains in an important element of the growth strategy in Japan. Our broad network of distribution channels including agencies, alliance partners and banks continually optimize our opportunities to help provide financial protection to the Japanese consumers. We will continue to work hard to support each channel. Overall, Koide San and his team have done a great job of turning around sales in Japan and delivering record profit margins for the quarter. I am very pleased with their efforts. Turning to the US, we achieved a 2% sales growth for the quarter benefiting from good growth in Group Life Absent Management and Disability and individual voluntary benefits This is a welcome results as we enter the second half of the year that tends to be the heaviest enrollment period. At the same time, we continue to focus on more profitable growth by exercising a stronger underwriting discipline. Additionally, we've increased benefits in certain policies to improve the value for the policyholder. We believe persistency will remain strong as customers realize the value of their policies and the related benefits. We have also continued our disciplined approach to expense management, which Max will address. As we enter the second half of the year, we are continuing to focus on optimizing our Dental and Vision platform. Overall, I'm pleased with what Virgil and his team are doing to balance profitable growth enhance the value proposition for the policyholders and curb the expense ratios. Their efforts contributed to the very strong pre-tax profit margin of 22.7% for the second quarter. Now turn to our ongoing commitment to prudent liquidity and capital management. Max has done a great job leading his team to take proactive steps in recent years to defend our cash flow and deployable capital against a weakening yen, as well as establishing a reinsurance platform in Bermuda. We have been very pleased with our investment portfolios’ performance as it continues to produce strong net investment income with minimal losses and impairments responsibility is to fulfill the promises we make to our policyholders, while being responsive to the needs of our shareholders. We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the policyholders. We balance this financial strength with tactical capital deployment. We intend to continue prudently managing our liquidity and capital to preserve the strength of our capital and cash flows. This supports both our dividend track record and tactical share repurchase. We treasure our track record of 41 consecutive years of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it. I am pleased that the Board set us on a path to continue this record when it increased the first quarter 2024 dividend 19% to $0.50 and declared the second and third quarter dividends of $0.50. We repurchased a record $800 million in shares during the quarter, and intend to continue our balanced, tactical approach of investing in growth and driving long-term operating efficiencies. Our management team, employees and sales distribution continue to be dedicated stewards of our business, being there for the policyholders when they need us most just as we promised. This underpins our goal of providing customers with the best value in the supplemental insurance products in the United States and Japan. In November, we celebrate our 50th year of doing business in Japan. Additionally, in June, we celebrated our 50th year as a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. We are reminded that one thing has not changed since the founding in 1955, families and individuals still seek to protect themselves from financial hardships that not even the best health insurance covers. Today’s complex healthcare environment has produced incredible medical advances that come with incredible costs. It’s more important than ever to have that partner. We believe our approach to offering relevant products makes us that partner. We believe in the underlying strengths of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the United States, two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. Aflac is well-positioned as we work toward achieving our long-term growth while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. I'll now turn the program over to Max to cover in more details the financial results. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Dan and thank you for joining me as I’ll provide a financial update on Aflac Incorporated’s results for the second quarter of 2024. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 15.8% year-over-year to the $1.83 with a $0.07 negative impact from FX in the quarter. In this quarter, reinvestment gains on reserves totaled $51 million and variable investment income ran $1 million above our long-term return expectations. We also received a make whole payment adding approximately $20 million or $0.03 per share to our adjusted earnings. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation and the gains and losses increased 9.4% and the adjusted ROE was 14.3%, an acceptable spread to our cost of capital. Overall, we view these results in the quarter as solid. Starting with our Japan segment, net earned premiums for the quarter declined 5.7%. This decline reflects a 7.4 billion yen negative impact from internal reinsurance transaction executed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 4.8 billion yen negative impact from paid up policies. In addition, there is a 1.2 billion yen positive impact from deferred profit liability. Lapses were somewhat elevated but within our expectations. At the same time, policies in force declined 2.4%. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 66.9% for the quarter up 120 basis points year-over-year and the third sector benefit ratio was 57.8%, up the approximately 160 basis points year-over-year. We estimate the impact from reinvestment gains to be 140 basis points favorable to the benefit ratio in Q2 2024. Long-term experience trends as it relates to treatment of cancer and hospitalization continue to be in place leading to the continued favorable underwriting experience. Persistency remains solid with a rate of 93.3%, which was down 50 basis points year-over-year. This change in persistency is in line with our expectations. Our expense ratio in Japan was 17.8%, down 170 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by the expense allowance from reinsurance transactions and continued discipline expense management. Adjusted net investment income in Yen terms was up 28.4%, mainly by favorably impact from FX on US dollar investments in yen terms, lower hedge costs, higher return on our alternatives portfolio compared to second quarter of 2023 and call income. The pre-tax more than for Japan in the quarter was 35.3%, up $490 basis points year-over-year, a very good result. Turning to US results, net earned premium was up 2.1%, persistency increased 50 basis points year-over-year to 78.7%. We are encouraged by early signs from our persistency efforts and we will remain focused on driving profitable growth. Our total benefit ratio came in at 46.7%, 140 basis points higher than Q2 2023 driven by product mix and lower reinvestment gains than a year ago. We estimate that reinvestment gains impacted the benefit ratio by 170 basis points in the quarter. Claims utilization has rebounded from depressed levels during the pandemic and are now more in line with our long-term expectations. Our expense ratio in the US was 36.9%, down to 210 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by platforms improving scale and strong expense management. We tend to benefit from seasonality in the first half and would expect higher expenses in the second half. Our growth initiatives, Group Life and Disability, network, dental and vision and the direct-to-consumer increased our total expense ratio by 230 basis points. This is in line with our expectation and we would expect this impact to decrease going forward as these businesses grow to scale and improve their profitability. In just that net investment income, in the US was up 7.4%, mainly driven by higher yields on both our alternatives and fixed rate portfolios. Profitability in the US segment was solid with a pre-tax margin of 22.7%, also a very good result. Our total commercial real estate loan watch list stands at approximately $1 billion, with less than $300 million in process of foreclosures currently. As a result of these current low valuation marks, we increased our seasonal reserves associated with these loans by $14 million in this quarter net of charge-offs. We had six loan foreclosures and moved nine properties into real estate owned. We continue to believe that they currently distressed market does not reflect the true intrinsic economic value of our portfolio, which is why we are confident in our ability to take ownership of these assets, manage them through this cycle and maximize our recoveries. Our portfolio of first lean senior, secured middle market loans continue to perform well with losses below our expectations for this point in the cycle. In our Corporate segment, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $23 million. Adjusted net investment income was $39 million higher than last year due to lower volume of tax credit Investments at Aflac Inc. and higher volume of investable assets at Aflac REIT. These tax credit investments impacted the corporate net investment income line for US GAAP purposes negatively by $30 million with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom-line was a positive $4 million in the quarter. To-date, these Investments are performing well and in line with expectations. We're continuing to build up our reinsurance platform and I'm pleased with the outcome and performance. Our capital position remains strong and we ended the quarter with an SMR above 1100 % in Japan, now combined RBC, while not finalized we estimate to be greater than 650%. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $4.1 billion, $2.3 billion above our minimum balance. These are strong capital ratios, which we actively monitor stress and managed to withstand credit cycles, as well as external shocks. US statutory impairments were released of $7 million and Japan FSA impairments were 10.4 billion yen or roughly $67 million in the quarter. This is well within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. Adjusted leverage is 19.5% and below our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. As we hold approximately 60% of our debt denominated in the yen, our leverage will fluctuate with movements in the yen dollar rate. This is intentional and part of our enterprise hedging program protecting the economic value of Aflac Japan in US dollar terms. We repurchased $800 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $283 million in Q2, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to David.
David Young : Thank you Max. Before we begin our Q&A, we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. Then you're welcome to rejoin the queue. We will now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz : Hey, good morning. So the new product launch in Japan that happened in June had very strong sales. I guess, can you just talk about the target return on that that first sector product and how it compares to the third sector product? And then what do you see as the cross-sell opportunity there?
Dan Amos : Max might just take that for chat.
Max Broden : Yeah, let me start on the product profitability. So, when we look at this product through a GAAP lens, it has at or higher GAAP margins than our core third sector business. And on an IR basis, this is obviously lower than our third sector business because of the very significant new business strain associated with the high reserves, but we have lined up reinsurance that we then expect on a post-reinsurance basis it brings us very, very attractive returns, as well. And not too different from our core first sector business.
Joel Hurwitz : Okay and the cross-sell opportunity there with the third sector products?
Max Broden : I think we'll evolve over time where obviously this product targets a younger clientele that gives us the opportunity to build that relationship and as we travel with that customer through their lifetime, we have an opportunity to then cross-sell both medical and cancer, as well. So over time, I think, there's a good opportunity for us to both get the – Tsumitasi product to the younger clients but also over the lifetime cross-cell cancer and medical to those new clients.
Dan Amos : Yeah, I think Aflac team nicely explains that. It's important that I say it, is remember it with the Tsumitasu product we are hiding a younger group less disposable income than does an older set of potential policyholders. And so whereas, with the older, we might offer the Tsumitasu product or another product and our supplemental for third sector product. With this group, we'd start by putting in one product, which would be the Tsumitasu product and then in a year or so later follow-up and add more. So it's different as we're building that policyholder base, which of course is one of the things we promised you we would work toward doing and Aflac Japan we believe is doing the right thing here for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. First question just on the expense ratio in both the Japan and the US businesses, I think is the best it’s been in the past several years. So wondering how much of that is sustainable and driven by expense savings or other actions versus maybe just being timing - driven by the timing of discretionary and that spending in advertising?
Dan Amos : Thank you, Jimmy. Let me start with Japan. Obviously, 17.8% in a quarter is a very low number. We have a guidance range of 19% to 21% and long-term I think that is the range that we will operate within for the Japan segment. We tend to have some seasonality in Japan with the second half having a little bit higher overall spend and I would specifically call out that Aflac Japan turns 50 this year. So we will have some promotional spend associated with that including advertising and a lot of sales activities around that. So therefore I would for the full year that we would end up in the lower end of that 19% to 21% range. For the US, we also have had very good expense control especially in the first half. There are timing differences where I would expect our spend would increase in the second half and I would also caution you to please keep in mind that the fourth quarter, every year has the highest level of sales activity with that comes expenses spend, as well as our expense ratio in the fourth quarter tends to be the highest. Over time, the US still have a number of businesses that are not at scale. And therefore we have we are running those businesses with expenses overruns right now. This includes our Group Life and Disability business, it includes our dental and vision business and it includes our direct-to-consumer business and to some extent also our group our group BB platform. As those businesses really reach that scale then they come down in expense ratio and we will no longer have that expense overrun. So that means there are - there is downward pressure over time to our US expense ratio. But we're very pleased with the expense management and expense control for the first half and in particular into second quarter. But I would caution you when you think about the full year, I still would expect us to be inside of the range of 38% to 40% for the expense ratio in the US.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, just maybe for Dan or the Japanese team, you talked a lot about competition in Japan on the last call. And it seems like as rates gone up in Japan some of the companies have cut prices to adjust for that. But what are you seeing in the competitive environment? And is it any different than what you've seen in the last few months or over the past few years?
Dan Amos : Yoshizumi, would you like to take that?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you for the question. Good morning everyone. I'm Yoshizumi. I am in charge of sales in Japan. So as you have mentioned our competitors have entered third sector market. And so the environment is totally different compared with maybe five years ago or 10 years ago. [Foreign language] And there are competitors that are launching a very reasonable or low price products. [Foreign language] However, in Aflac, our concept is to launch and sell products that have values to our customers and not just lower product buy for the sake of lowering product - lowering prices, excuse me. [Foreign language] And as we enter into our 50th anniversary this year in Aflac Japan. And this is based on the history and trust that we have from our customers in providing the appropriate insurance policies at all points by thoroughly thinking about what is needed in each environment or at times because the illnesses change and treatment methods change. [Foreign language] Now according to the data that’s been publicized between April 2022 and March 2023, [Foreign language] And Aflac is record the number one most sold policy company in Japan in third sector products. [Foreign language] What we will aim for is to continue to provide customers that most appropriate product for our customers, so that we can maintain our number one position. That’s all for me.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge : Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on distribution of the new first sector product in Japan. The closest customers and existing customer and one that doesn’t have that products, I know the product was introduced in early June. Have you identified how much of the existing customer base is the target for this new product? Thank you.
Dan Amos : They're translating give us one second. And Koide, or Yoshizumi please?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Hey, this is Yoshizumi once again. Let me continue to answer your question. [Foreign language] We have a large number of existing customers as you know. [Foreign language] And our target customers are young and middle-aged customers. [Foreign language] And the reason why I say our target is young and middle-aged customers is as follows: [Foreign language] Well first of all, the Japanese government is really pushing and encouraging the Japanese citizens to go after asset accumulation products and the Japanese government is offering various systems so that the Japanese citizens can do that. [Foreign language] And as a result of that asset formation needs is heightening very strongly in Japan. [Foreign language] And we’ve launched our new product in order to respond to the kind of asset accumulation needs in Japan. [Foreign language] And this product is very well taken by the market and selling well and it is increasing our sales. [Foreign language] And the reason why this product is attracted attention is because there are various options that would allow our customers to choose after they paid up their premiums for example after they paying off the premiums, this policy can be converted to death benefit or nursing care benefits or the customer can receive cash value and use that cash as asset accumulation. [Foreign language] And as we go through these kind of discussions with our customers there will be more touch points with our customers and there will be more opportunities for our sales people to talk to our customers about third sector products. We’ve already have this established sales pattern and we have trained our sales agents to do so. [Foreign language] So our purpose is to increase our third sector sales by using this new product Tsumitasu as a hook. [Foreign language] Because we are the company that would increase sales by centering on third sector product sales. [Foreign language] And the way we are doing sales is to really ultimately sell third sector products by launching first sector product. And that is based on the needs of younger middle-aged customers at each times and a period of time. [Foreign language] That's all for me.
John Barnidge : Thank you for that. Very helpful my follow up on distribution is the 50th anniversary plans mainly related to this product or is it broader? Could you to about that? Thank you.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Hey, this is again Yoshizumi. [Foreign language] And as I just mentioned, it’s not just about Tsumitasu, but since we are a company that mainly sell third sector product. [Foreign language] Then for example as for the 50th anniversary, we will be selling pushing for cancer insurance sales and in order to increase our touch points with our customers, we will be having campaigns to offer gifts to our customers. [Foreign language] We also have a conservative service that no other competitor has. [Foreign language] And so so what we were trying to do is to appeal this conservative service in line with our 50th anniversary through the website, TV commercials, and video services. [Foreign language] We have a large number of sales agents and agencies that only sell Aflac and have walked together with Aflac for the past 50 years. [Foreign language] And these agents and agencies are extremely pleased and happy about celebrating 50th anniversary. [Foreign language] And there's a very big momentum for these sales agents and agencies to sell a large proportion of third sector products. [Foreign language] We, as a sales team would like to support these sales agencies at our maximum. [Foreign language] That’s all for me.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. A couple of follow-up questions on the Tsumitasu product in Japan. In response to John's question, I just want to be clear I'm assuming you're not selling this product. The Tsumitasu product to existing customers that already have third sector Aflac products. This would be all brand new Aflac customers. Is that is that correct?
Dan Amos : Correct. Our thrust is to write new customers, but if someone wants to buy, we certainly will sell it to them because as was mentioned by Max, the profit margin is very acceptable on this product. And so, yes, we'll take anyone that wants to buy. But it is not our push. We want the younger customers is what we're working toward.
Tom Gallagher: And Dan, do you have a - are you keeping track of that to make sure this doesn't become a situation where the sales force kind of monetizes the in-force customer base and does a lot of selling there because then obviously that would limit the cross-sell opportunity?
Dan Amos : Absolutely, we are. Now they can call more about it. I just was cutting through the translation and Max can cover that a little bit more too.
Max Broden : Tom, we track that closely. So we know what those numbers are. We will not necessarily publish those publicly, but it's an important factor that we keep track of.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Annitto with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Nick Annitto: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to touch on the US a bit. I know, sales came in a little late in the quarter relative to the full year guidance. I just wanted to get your overall thoughts there on the confidence of hitting something in the guidance for the year?
Virgil Miller : Yeah, good morning. This is Virgil from the US. Let me say that, I think the big thing - the big takeaway is very strong quarter for the US, because of the balanced approach. You heard yourself from Herc and Max earlier, Herc or Dan earlier, what we saw was an increase in not just in sales of 2% but we had an increase of 50 basis points in our premium persistency. We drove a higher benefit ratio that was intentional some intentional actions to put more value into the hands of our customers. We lowered our expense ratio and then that led to one of the highest pre-tax margins we've had in US in some years of 50 basis points and 22.7%. My point on that is that, we knew going to the quarter we’ve came up negative and Q1. Second quarter, I mentioned a previous earlier that we have made a lot of changes to go to a more profitable business. That was really focused in our group with VB business, formerly it’s Continent American business that we bought. We wanted to make sure that we are only bringing business that has higher benefits where people actually filing claims and less churn. So we knew that would have an impact. So this the 2% is actually right on target of what I expected. But I am expecting a stronger push in the second half of the year. A lot of that is seasonality. But it is also what Max mentioned earlier some scale will see from buy to bills. We're going to see a stronger performance with the new files we bought with Life and Disability that we call PLATS. We're going to see better performance in the second half from our Dental and Vision property. I mentioned before that we're making huge Investments to stabilize that platform. We also announced a partnership with SKYGEN that’s bringing some operational excellence to the table with us to help manage that property. And so, all in the state being higher sales on the dental property. Stronger push with PLATS and then continue to what we have driven year-over-year with our veteran agents and with our broker partnerships, good performance from them and we'll see how our yield in the second half of the year.
Dan Amos : And I just want to make a comment. I think that we've seen one of the best years and certainly one of the best quarters in the U.S. in terms of we've got a lot of balls in the air. And to realize that they brought up the loss ratio. They brought down the expense ratio. They had switched business and our business is more complicated as we go into other products. They're training their people better. I just have a kudos to Virgil and the team for the hard work they're doing. And I think long term, our US operation is going to be a much stronger company because we're doing all the right things I think we need to do to prepare us for the future. So, I'm extremely - the sales yet I want more than 2%. But I promise you that the 2% that we had is much bigger than a normal 2%, because it's cleaner business is more profitable and it should compound as we move forward.
Nick Annitto: That's helpful. Thanks. I guess, sticking with the US can you just touch on recruiting trends there. I know you said you still have a bit of a way to go to get back to pre-pandemic levels. So it would be just good to get your thoughts on the recovery there.
Virgil Miller : Yeah, in the first quarter you know we came up with negative on recruiting came in with the second quarter though very strong with - I think we were over a 10% increase. I see us continue on that trend going forward to the second half. But when I mentioned if you kind of go back and look pre-pandemic and you look at where we are today we're going for quality recruiting. We're going for a better conversion rate. And then, that’s leading to the higher productivity. You continue to see better productivity from what we're seeing with our agents. And that is really the bigger factor for us. Last year, we were recruited over 10,000. I would expect the same this year. We've got some national recruiting efforts going on right now across the country. What we really do is we leverage support from headquarters to drive our message and then we leverage - when we call a nomination process is to local agents, local brokers going out telling people about the Aflac career path and bringing people and listen to that story. And then we actually turn them into and to recruit in the ultimately trying to get them to be average weaker producers. I am very pleased with what we did in the second quarter. Some of those efforts will definitely continue in third or fourth quarters also.
Operator: The question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher : Hey, thanks for taking my follow-up. Just a Tsumitasu product follow-up question. Can you talk a little bit about how you think this rollout is going to go? Clearly, the June rollout seems to have been a big success. Would you expect this to become a much larger percentage of sales as you think about the rollout over the next couple of quarters here? How do you think third sector sales are going to hang in there? Because I think it's being sold through the same distribution as your third sector. So I'm just wondering while this gets rolled out, are we going to see a slowdown in third sector? How do you see that all playing out I guess over the near term next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Dan Amos : Let me kick it off and then I'll hand it over to Yoshizumi for some more details. We do not have an explicit caps around this product. And the reason why it’s because it producing very good returns for us, both from a profit margins standpoint and also from a total - from an IRR standpoint i.e. with a significant spread to our cost of capital. So we actually do want to sell quite a bit of all this product. That being said, this product is very much about how it can lift our third sector franchise. We still believe that we are a third sector company. And we want to make sure that we keep our exceptionally strong position in that marketplace as the number one as third sector player in Japan. So, that is the context and of this product. And Yoshizumi can help give you some more details in terms of the timing of the full rollout of the product.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you. This is your Yoshizumi. I would like to answer your question. [Foreign Language] First of all this product was launched on June 2nd. We have able to record a very successful big sales. [Foreign Language] And the reason why we have been able to record such big sales at the beginning of its launch is because, we, we meaning our distribution channel has been fully prepared to really wear to sell this product where they should be selling. How we should be selling and that's what we'd be working on since the beginning of the second quarter. [Foreign Language] And the reason why this kind of preparation was needed was because. [Foreign Language] And our agents. [Foreign Language] Talk to about Tsumitasu new customers, our agents really need to practice how to sell this product. [Foreign Language] As a result, our agents did visit those customers that are easy for them to be talking to and as a result it made a big hit in the sales. [Foreign Language] And as a result of this through preparation for the June launch we are not expecting the same level of sales from July and on. [Foreign Language] But at the product to earn certain level of volume. [Foreign Language] And we are quite sure that this product will serve that kind of a role. [Foreign Language] And the big role that this product will play is to cross-sell third sector products. [Foreign Language] And it would be easier for our sales agents to talk about third sector products through their customers once they start talking about Tsumitasu. [Foreign Language] And that is the difference between other first sector products because Tsumitasu has its own feature that can make that sales agents easily talk about third sector products. [Foreign Language] So what we are expecting is to have Tsumitasu sell to certain volume on its own, but on top of that sell third sector products is to certain level, as well. [Foreign Language] That's all for me.
Dan Amos: This is Dan, I want to make a couple of comments. Number one is, we normally don't show the first month. We show a quarter of whatever new product is. It is not unusual to have a spike. What I've always said is we introduce new product no matter of what it is. You have a spike and then it levels off. We're in the spike period. And we've seen that with others. But it it will it will come down as he said and we expect that. So, just keep that in mind the other thing is that the numbers were small numbers in the past. And so that also as a percentage makes it look bigger than it normally is. But there's nothing here that makes me think that is any different from other new products other than it's doing very well as a few of our products have. And we're excited about that and pleased that we were able to find the way to get the profit margins to acceptable levels, so we could do this. We've been wanting to do it, but we haven't been able to do it and given Max his credit. He was been able to find a way to help do this and we appreciate that very much on his part.
Max Broden : Tom, I want to address a question that you did not ask, but I think you wanted to ask and that is, how is this different from the waste sales that we had in the years 2012 through 2014? And I would characterize is there are three main differences. The first one is that we will do much more frequent repricing of new business for this product. And that's very important because this is a more interest rate sensitive product than our core third sector business. The other one is that we will have a much more diligent management of the distribution channels and the third piece is that we are not utilizing reinsurance to make sure that we can relieve some of that new business train and get the IRRS higher. And if you take all of that to get or that is what makes this different from the waste sales that we had of that were very very significant back in that timeframe of 2012 through 2014. Thanks Max. You stole my follow-up. That was great. Appreciate it.
Dan Amos: Well, apparently it’s teamwork.
Operator: The next question comes from Joel Hurwitz with the Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz : Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to touch on net investment income in Japan and particularly, the US dollar portfolio unified just for the make whole and the slightly favorable VIII it seem to have a pretty sizeable step up in yield from the first quarter. Is there any color on what drove that and do you think that the - I guess the normalized NII level implied in Q2 is sustainable?
Brad Dyslin : Yeah, hi, Joel, this is Brad Dyslin. Thank you. Thank you for the question. We did have a very solid second quarter as you pointed out and there were several things that drove that that we do think are sustainable into the back half of the year. Besides the adjustments that you that you’ve highlighted short rates remain very attractive even with the Fed likely to cut sometime this fall, short rates remain very, very attractive compared to historical levels. And that benefits us in a few ways including our significant floating rate portfolio. We also took some actions early in the year, some tactical things we did with the portfolio. We moved a few bonds around in our public portfolio to capture some yield opportunities. It was a pretty sizable switch trade. We also took advantage of some attractive spreads and accelerated deployment in our structured private credit portfolio. So we think the things that have carried us in the second quarter these tailwinds are going to continue through the second half of the year. Now there are risks of course, but we think we're pretty well positioned and should have a good second half.
Joel Hurwitz : Great. Helpful. And then just, I had won on us persistency. So Max, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're encouraged by the early signs from some of the initiatives that you guys put in place. I guess, just what are you seeing and how much improvement do you guys think you can drive in persistency in the US?
Max Broden : I'm not going to put an exact number on that, but I would say that anything if you get even something like a hundred basis points is meaningful when the overtime translates that into the economic impact that would have from additional net earned premium. So, it's something that we will continue to drive over time. The other thing I want you to be aware of is that that persistency will jump around somewhat driven by mix of business. So our in-force in the US, it is gradually changing. So you are going to see more Group Life and Disability business as a proportion of our in-force, which clearly has a much, much higher persistence rate than our average. And then also the same thing applies to over time our Dental and Vision businesses as well should have an improved persistency. So we're driving all the underlying businesses and the way they improve persistency then the mix impact will be an important component as well. So, over time, what we are driving is both that business-by-business improved persistency and then obviously the mix impact, as well. So we will over time sort o. call that out and give you some more colors on that, as well.
Joel Hurwitz : I got it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young : Thank you, Betsy, and thank you, all for joining us this morning. I hope you'll be able to join us on the morning of December 3rd at the New York Stock Exchange or on our webcast for our Financial Analysts Briefing. If you have any additional follow-ups, please reach out to the Investor and Rating Agency Relations team. We look forward to hearing from you. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 07:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President, Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Please go ahead. 
David Young: Good morning, and welcome. Thank you for being here a bit earlier than our usual start time. This morning, Dan Amos, Chairman, CEO and President of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an update on our financial results and current capital and liquidity.
 These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com, including Max's quarterly video update. We also posted under Financials on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real estate and middle market loans. For Q&A today, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments.
 Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures.
 I'll now hand the call over to Dan. 
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning, and we're glad you joined us at this earlier hour. The first quarter marked a good start for the year in terms of earnings, but proved to be challenging for sales. Aflac Incorporated delivered another solid earnings result. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $3.25. On an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share were up 7.1% to $1.66.
 Beginning with Japan, our latest medical insurance launch in September of 2023, we are encouraged by the success that independent corporate and individual agencies have had in marketing this product, especially to the younger individuals. However, we clearly need to make better progress and plan on doing so. Cancer insurance sales, however, were modestly better year-over-year. We entered the final stage of our new cancer insurance launch in April of 2023 through the Japan Post channel, while we saw a significant and understandable year-over-year increase in cancer insurance sales through Japan Post channel.
 We expect to see improvement with the start of the new fiscal year as they cross-sell Aflac cancer insurance along with the new Japan Post life insurance product. Being where customers want to buy insurance remains an important element of our growth strategy in Japan. Our broad network of distribution channels, including agencies, alliance partners and banks, continually optimize opportunities to help provide financial protection to Japanese consumers. We will continue to work hard to support each channel.
 In addition, we are initiating sales campaigns around our 50th anniversary in Japan starting this quarter. Let me be clear, we have not lowered our sales outlook for 2024 and still expect to achieve it. With the launch of the new policy this quarter, Koide-san and his team are working hard achieving that objective. In addition, we have maintained disciplined underwriting and expense management to continue driving strong pretax profit margins of 32.8%.
 Turning to the U.S. As you've seen in prior years, the first quarter tends to generate the lowest sales of the year. We have focused on driving more profitable growth by exercising a stronger underwriting discipline. We are deliberately avoiding sales opportunities to certain less profitable accounts. While this appears to have a temporary impact on sales in the first quarter, we are seeing positive results in net earned premium growth, which grew 3.3%.
 At the same time, we have increased benefits in certain cases to improve value for the policyholders. We believe persistency will continue to improve as customers realize the value of their policies and the related benefits. We are pleased with the 80 basis points improvement in persistency this quarter. I believe that the need for the products we offer is as strong or stronger than it has ever been before in both Japan and the United States. We continue to work to restore our momentum and reinforce our leading position as we aim to exceed $1.8 billion of sales by the end of 2025.
 We have also continued our disciplined approach to expense management. We are beginning to see progress on our expense ratio in group life and disability and consumer markets continue to grow in scale. We are continuing to focus on optimizing our dental and vision platform and expect to see stronger second half sales this year. At the same time, we have maintained a strong pretax margin of 21%. Overall, I'm very pleased with what Virgil and his team are doing to balance profitable growth, enhance the value of the proposition of our policyholders and curb the expense ratio.
 I'd like to end on addressing our ongoing commitment to prudent liquidity and capital management. I'm very pleased with how Max has led the team to take proactive steps in recent years to defend our cash flows and deployable capital against a weakening Yen as well as the establishment of our reinsurance platform in Bermuda. As an insurance company, our primary responsibility is to fulfill the promises we make to our policyholders while being responsive to the needs of the shareholders.
 We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the policyholders. We balance this financial strength with tactical capital deployment. We intend to continue prudently managing our liquidity and capital to preserve the strength of our capital and cash flows. This supports both our dividend track record and our tactical share repurchase.
 We treasure our track record of 41 consecutive years of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it. I am pleased that the Board set us on a path to continue this record, when it increased the first quarter 2024 dividend 19% to $0.50 and declared the second quarter dividend of $0.50. We repurchased a record $750 million in shares in the first quarter and intend to continue our balanced and tactical approach of investing in growth and driving long-term operating efficiencies. Our management team, employees and sales distribution continue to be dedicated stewards of our business, being there for our policyholders when they need us most, just as we promised.
 This underpins our goal of providing customers with the best value in the supplemental products in the United States and in Japan. In 2024, we celebrated our 50th year of doing business in Japan and 50th year as a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. We are reminded that one thing has not changed since our founding in 1955. Families and individuals still seek to protect themselves from financial hardships that not even the best health insurance company covers.
 Today's complex healthcare environment has produced incredible medical advances that come with incredible cost. It's more important than ever to have a partner. We believe our approach to offering relevant products makes us that partner. We believe that in the underlying strengths of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the U.S., two of the largest life insurance markets in the world, Aflac is well positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders.
 I'd now like to turn the program over to Max to cover more details of the financial results. Max? 
Max Broden: Thank you for joining me, as I provide a financial update on Aflac Incorporated's results for the first quarter of 2024. 
 For the quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 7.1% year-over-year to $1.66 with an $0.08 negative impact from FX in the quarter. In this quarter, remeasurement gains totaled $56 million and variable investment income ran $11 million or $0.01 per share below our long-term return expectations. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, increased 8.7%, and the adjusted ROE was 13.7%, an acceptable spread to our cost of capital.
 Overall, we view these results in the quarter as solid. Starting with our Japan segment. Net earned premiums for the quarter declined 6%. This decline reflects a JPY 6.2 billion negative impact from paid-up policies. In addition, there is a JPY 7 billion negative impact from internal reinsurance transactions and a JPY 1.4 billion positive impact from deferred profit liability. Lapses were somewhat elevated, but within our expectations. At the same time, policies in force declined 2.3%.
 Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 67% for the quarter, flat year-over-year. And the third sector benefit ratio was 57.5%, down approximately 20 basis points year-over-year. We continue to experience favorable actual to expected on our well-priced, large and mature in-force block. We estimate the impact from remeasurement gains to be 144 basis points favorable to the benefit ratio in Q1 2024. Long-term experience trends, as it relates to treatment of cancer and hospitalization, continue to be in place, leading to continued favorable underwriting experience. Persistency remained solid with a rate of 93.4%, which was down 50 basis points year-over-year, but flat quarter-over-quarter.
 We tend to experience some elevations in lapses as customers update and refresh their coverage. This change in persistency is not out of line with expectations. Our expense ratio in Japan was 18%, down 170 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by good expense control and to some extent, by expense allowance from reinsurance transactions. Adjusted net investment income in yen terms was up 19.3%, mainly by lower hedge costs and favorable impact from FX on our U.S. dollar investments in yen terms as well as higher return on our alternatives portfolio compared to the first quarter of 2023. 
 This was offset by the transfer of assets due to reinsurance in the previous year, leading to a lower asset base and lower floating rate income. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 32.8%, up 460 basis points year-over-year, a very good result. 
 Turning to U.S. results. Net earned premium was up 3.3%. Persistency increased 80 basis points year-over-year to 78.7%. This is a function of a poor persistency quarter falling out of the metric and stabilization across numerous product categories. Our total benefit ratio came in at 46.5%, 90 basis points higher than Q1 2023, driven by product mix and lower remeasurement gains than a year ago. We estimate that the remeasurement gains impacted the benefit ratio by 200 basis points in the quarter. 
 Claims utilization has stabilized, but as we incorporate more recent experience into our reserve models, we have released some reserves. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 38.7%, down 90 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by platforms improving scale and lower acquisition expenses. Our growth initiatives, group life and disability, network dental and vision and direct-to-consumer increased our total expense ratio by 230 basis points. We would expect this impact to decrease going forward as these businesses grow to scale and improve their profitability. 
 Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 4.6%, mainly driven by higher yields on both our alternatives and fixed rate portfolios. Profitability in the U.S. segment was solid with a pretax margin of 21%, driven primarily by net earned premiums growth and improved net investment income year-over-year. Our total commercial real estate watchlist remains approximately $1.2 billion, with around $600 million of these in active foreclosure proceedings. As a result of these current low valuation marks, we increased our CECL reserves associated with these loans by $10 million in this quarter. 
 We also moved 1 property into real estate owned, which resulted in a $3.7 million gain. We continue to believe that the current distressed market does not reflect the true intrinsic economic value of our portfolio, which is why we are confident in our ability to take ownership of these quality assets, manage them through the cycle and maximize our recoveries. 
 Our portfolio of first lien, senior secured middle market loans continue to perform well with losses well below our expectations for this point in the cycle. In our Corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $3 million. Adjusted net investment income was $43 million higher than last year due to higher volume on the investable assets at Aflac REIT and a lower volume of tax credit investments at Aflac Inc. These tax credit investments impacted a corporate net investment income line for U.S. GAAP purposes negatively by $32 million, with an associated credit to the tax line. 
 The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $4 million in the quarter. To date, these investments are performing well and in line with our expectations. 
 We are continuing to build out our reinsurance platform, and I am pleased with the outcome and performance. Our capital position remains strong and we ended the quarter with an SMR above 1,100% in Japan, and our combined RBC, while not finalized, we estimate it to be greater than 650%. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $3.7 billion, $2 billion above our minimum balance. These are strong capital ratios, which we actively monitor, stress and manage to withstand credit cycles as well as external shocks.
 U.S. statutory impairments were a release of $3 million. And Japan FSA impairments were JPY 3.6 billion or roughly $24 million in Q1. This is well within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. Adjusted leverage remains at a comfortable 20.4%, at the low end of our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. 
 In the quarter, we issued JPY 123.6 billion in multiple tranches with an average coupon of 1.72%. As we hold approximately 60% of our debt denominated in yen, our leverage will fluctuate with movements in the yen/dollar rate. This is intentional and part of our enterprise hedging program, protecting the economic value of Aflac Japan in U.S. dollar terms. We repurchased $750 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $288 million in Q1, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. 
 We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital.
 I'll now turn the call over to David so that we can begin our Q&A. 
David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone, please mark your calendars for our financial analyst briefing on December 3 at the New York Stock Exchange. We'll have more information coming out. [Operator Instructions]. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, starting with U.S. sales, which you guys said were weaker than expected in the quarter, but you did reaffirm the longer-term guidance for sales in that business. So can you just give us a sense of how you expect sales in the U.S. to trend from here? 
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil from the U.S. First, let me start with a little bit more color on how sales performed in Q1. As you mentioned, they were a little bit softer for Q1. A couple of drivers for that. First, let me start with our plans, our life, absence and disability business. Normally, that is a business that takes place the latter part of the year. Well, last year, in 2023, we did have some business process in Q1, so therefore, we were down with that comparison. That is an anomaly. That normally doesn't happen. So again, I expect continued strong performance from that line of business for the remainder of the year. So that was a timing element. 
 The other timing element involved on the dental and vision business. As Dan mentioned in his opening, we continue to work on optimizing that platform. So we had softer sales. We have a dental product. We're expecting to continue to build out that platform, make those improvements and have a stronger year in the second half of the year. 
 Last, I will close with -- to emphasize, though, I will continue to focus on our strong underwriting discipline. To give more color on that, we're really looking to bring on business that has long-term profitability, which we believe has strengthened the company over a long-term range. This allows us to pay claims and return shareholder value and also helps us with building on persistency. So we do have an improvement in persistency of 80 basis points. We had higher earned premium of 3.3% and we had strong profitability of 21% -- profit margin of 21% in the quarter. So we believe this is the rightly way to manage the company going forward. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my follow-up, shifting to sales in Japan. The third sector sales went negative this quarter. You guys did highlight some initiatives you have to improve sales in Japan. But just hoping you could provide more color specifically on how you expect the third sector sales to trend over the course of 2024. 
Daniel Amos: Let me let Aflac Japan answer that, but I think the most important thing is we still expect to attain our objective for the full year. So Koide, would you mind taking that or Yoshizumi. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] Thank you for the question. This is Yoshizumi, I will be answering your question. Starting from 2024, what we are expecting is that we expect to exceed 2023 results. Due to the following reasons, we are expecting our sales will recover. Number one, we are planning to enhance our associates' channel sales agents, I mean increase the number of sales associates. And in 2023, we approximately hired 600 new sales agents -- recruited and have enhanced their training. We are expecting that these 600 will become more productive in the second quarter and be successful.
 And we are also continuing agent recruitment in 2024 and taking steps to ensure their effectiveness. And the second point is that we are going to be promoting the sales of Japan Post new product as well as our cancer product through the Japan Post channel. And we do expect that cancer insurance sales will increase in the second quarter. And then my third point is related to Yorisou Cancer Consultation Support, which has been highly rated by our customers. This is our consultation service for our customers that could further differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
 And we will be using TV commercials, web video ads, et cetera, and leverage them to differentiate further against our competitors. And my fourth point is that we have plans to implement measures to attract more young and middle-aged customers as medical insurance has been well received among those segments and with significant growth at large nonexclusive agencies.
 And furthermore, we are planning to launch a new asset formation type of product in June. The product will include future nursing care coverage feature that will bring value to young customers. We also expect to sell additional third sector product to these new customers through concurrent and follow-on sales. And by implementing these measures, we expect an increase in second quarter sales and exceed 2023 results, and as we aim to steadily increase sales. We are aiming for a steadily increase in sales toward our 2026 targets. That's all from me. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. 
Thomas Gallagher: Just wanted to circle back on Japan sales. Do you think the issue, as you try and assess it today, is more of an industry issue? Is it Aflac-specific? The reason I ask is I think you mentioned you're deliberately not underwriting certain products in Japan. When I hear that, I think that implies there's some irrational pricing or product features that you don't like. So just a little bit of color on what's going on? Is it medical, where that's happening? And overall, how do you see that playing out? 
Daniel Amos: Let's let our Japanese cover that, and I don't -- I'll pick up on it a little bit more, too. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] This is Yoshizumi once again. Let me answer your questions. Regarding the medical insurance sales, we have been increasing our sales on year-on-year basis, especially to those customers under age 50 or 40 and below. And also, this -- our sales in large nonexclusive agency sales on a year-on-year basis, increasing significantly this year. And this large nonexclusive agency sales is a benchmark to see how well the medical insurance is doing.
 We are planning to roll out promotional measures to further enhance our sales to young and middle aged customers, who we have been selling already successfully. That's all for me. 
Masatoshi Koide: [interpreted] This is Aflac Japan, Koide. I would like to be adding a few comments. In Japan right now, third sector sales is becoming more and more competitive year-on-year. And our strategy is to have solid sale by meeting these customers under the very competitive situation by launching new products in both medical and cancer insurance. And we'd like to do this in a timely manner by really taking in the needs of customers.
 And as Yoshizumi-san mentioned earlier, regarding the associates channel sales agents increase, particularly as we increase the number of sales agents, we are not only increasing the headcount, but we are also trying to increase the productivity per head per year through training. In that way, we should be able to increase our sales and strengthen our sales in third sector. Another strength of Aflac in Japan is that we have very strong alliance across the entire Japan, namely the Japan Post network because Japan Post has a nationwide network that can sell our products.
 And as Yoshizumi-san mentioned, the Japan Post network sales recovery is taking a bit more time. However, just as Yoshizumi-san mentioned, Japan Post Insurance sales is increasing, especially in its activity volume. So not will they only be only increasing their sales activities and association activities, they will also -- they should also be increasing the actual sales on cancer, and that's what we are hoping to have done. That's all from us. 
Thomas Gallagher: Dan, anything you would add? Or should I ask a follow-up? 
Daniel Amos: Yes. Okay. Let me make a couple of comments, and then anything else you want to ask, we'll be glad. First of all, our cancer insurance is doing very well, both through our existing distribution channel and Japan Post. The other thing I would say is that the medical products are more competitive, and we have to continue to watch that. That's really nothing new, but it hasn't slacked up. And then we don't sell the foreign currency products that some of our competitors sell. We just don't think we want to take on that exposure and pass it on to our customers. And so we haven't done that. So I think those are the real differences that are created. Any other question you had, Tom? 
Thomas Gallagher: Yes. And just for a follow-up, the weaker persistency in Japan. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing there from a product standpoint? Is that cancer and medical that you're seeing it on? And do -- is it just lapsing of coverage? Or is it switching to other companies, do you suspect? 
Max Broden: So Tom, let me take that. One of the main reasons is that we obviously have an aging block of in-force. So our new sales is lower than our lapsation. That means you have a natural aging of the overall block, yes. When you have that, then you're going to see some higher surrenders, lapses and also mortality associated with the overall block. So it's very natural when you have an aging block that you have higher lapses. That in combination with -- we've also now -- in the last 5, 6 years, we moved into a little bit of a shorter product cycles. When you have that and you refresh products, you tend to have a little bit higher structural lapse and reissue come through your block. So I would point those are the 2 main reasons why we are probably in an environment now where you have a slightly lower persistency now structurally than what we did see 5, 6 years ago. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: So the first question is just along the lines of what's been discussed already. And I think Virgil mentioned this as well. This is in your press release also, Dan. Just disciplined underwriting is not something that people generally associate with Aflac because your products have pretty high margins, just given the nature of your business. So I'm wondering what's changed? Because it seems like the environment for pricing in your business -- with higher interest rates, you could potentially even price them better than before. So wondering if it's outside factors that have gotten worse? And maybe you could talk about the U.S. as well, where you're seeing your competitors trying to be more aggressive? Or what's really different now than before? Because it's not like before you weren't trying to be disciplined, right? So just anything that you could sort of highlight on that, especially in the U.S. market, you talked a little bit about Japan. 
Virgil Miller: Yes. Let me add to that. Again, this is Virgil. I just want to say that what you're seeing is the evolution of our block of business. Our group voluntary benefit business has continued to grow over the past several years. And really, when we talk about that underwriting discipline, that is where you're most are going to see that. If there's strong competition out there, fierce competition in the group business, and what we're doing is making sure though that we are able not only to compete, but we want to look at the business that yields profits. 
 So any time you bring in new business on the books, of course, there is acquisition expenses and everything that go into that, we want to make sure that we're getting the right business on the books that has the tendency to persist. So we're able to end up absolutely making profit on that business over a couple of years' period. 
Daniel Amos: And if you think about it a minute, it will make plenty of sense is that -- you take an account that has high lapsation, then you have a low benefit ratio and you have a high expense ratio and basically no profit. So you actually improve every aspect of the business -- the overall business when you just don't write it. And that's what we've been looking at and seeing and then that allows us by doing that for our -- as we've increased benefits and other policies to move it up and give a better value. So it's a good balance that we think ultimately creates value not only for the policyholder, but ultimately for the shareholders as well. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then, Max, do you have an update on the Japan ESR and its potential impact on your Bermuda reinsurance or just overall capital management strategy? 
Max Broden: So our ESR in Japan continues to track well. We are running a little bit north of 250% on our ESR based on our internal model. We would expect relatively soon in the second quarter for the FSA to come up with a final calibration. I would not anticipate that, that would have a material impact on our -- i.e., the difference between the FSA calibration and our current internal model. So I wouldn't expect to have that number move materially. 
 But then obviously, we will assess the ESR based on that, and we will talk about it in more detail in December. But currently, we're tracking on our internal model a bit north of 250%. 
Operator: The next question comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling and Partners. 
Joel Hurwitz: So Japan continues to see pretty strong remeasurement gains. Can you just talk about the underlying claim trends that you're seeing there? And I guess if this level of favorability of the remeasurement gains persists, should we likely see a bigger unlocking this year or would more experience be needed? 
Max Broden: So Joe, the main driver continues to be the hospitalization trends that have been favorable for a long, long period of time, and they quite frankly have continued to improve. The way we do -- when we do our reserving, we are looking to true up to current experience, but we don't necessarily anticipate that it will be a continued future improvement in that experience. And that's why you see these -- if the hospitalization trends continue to improve from current levels, then you could see in the future but that will lead to future remeasurement gains as well. But if they stabilize at current levels, then you wouldn't necessarily see that. 
Joel Hurwitz: Okay. Makes sense. And then just in Japan expenses, they came in very favorable this quarter. How much of that was cost controls that could be sustainable longer term versus just seasonality or timing? 
Max Broden: Yes. There's a significant element of both seasonality and timing in this number. And for the full year, we are tracking towards our expense ratio outlook of 19% to 21%. 
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. 
Joshua Shanker: There's a lot of news out there right now about the Japanese government doing some major intervention to support the yen. What does that mean for the cost of your hedging program? 
Max Broden: So Josh, volatility can obviously impact the pricing of options. That will be -- that together with all the other sort of normal inputs into the pricing of an option would be the main impact from that. The level itself has less impact to the ultimate cost of those put options. So at this point, we see relatively limited impact to the pricing of options. Quite frankly, I think that the volatility in the yen -- even though it's been trending, the short-term volatility has been quite low recently. 
 So given that, we don't see any significant impact. I would tell you, though, that obviously -- that there's been a significant move overall in the yen because it's been trending and it has been weakening. And that obviously has an impact to all of our financial statements and capital ratios. The way we approach this is that we take an economic view and we try to protect the economic value of Aflac Japan with a holding company lens. And we feel that we are very well protected with the 3 levers that we are using to do that. That being the U.S. dollar assets we hold in a Japanese general account. That being the yen-denominated debt that we issue out of the holding company and then also the FX forwards that we have at the holding company. So we have designed this program with these kind of moves in mind. And at this point, the program overall is performing very well. 
Joshua Shanker: And look, I don't want to lessen the significance of a very large dividend increase as well as a lot of shares bought back in the quarter, but it seems to me that the capital ratios are even higher now at the end of the first quarter than they were at the end of this past year. I've been harassing David a little bit on better color, but can you walk through all the gating factors in your internal model that guide your willingness to return capital to shareholders? 
Max Broden: So the overall return on capital to shareholders is really, quite frankly, driven by, number one, satisfy the capital ratios in the subsidiaries, and that means all of the subsidiaries. Then we look at the pool of capital that we have at the holding company, which currently sits at $3.7 billion on an unencumbered basis, which is roughly $2 billion north of our minimum liquidity level. We then think about what is the capital generation going forward. And that helps us then think about how we can deploy capital, both short term, i.e. in the next couple of quarters, but also long term, i.e., thinking about what it's going to look like over the next 2, 3, 5 years as well. 
 That helps us sort of guide then also what kind of returns we can expect on dividend, buybacks, et cetera, when we take these into account what other alternatives we have for that capital. And obviously, we try to deploy the capital in the areas where we think we can get the best IRR. 
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Carmichael with Autonomous Research. 
Wesley Carmichael: In the transitional real estate portfolio, Max, I think you mentioned foreclosing on a loan and taking it on balance sheet as real estate owned. Can you just talk about are there other loans that you're monitoring right now? And maybe just give us an update on the size of the overall watchlist there? 
Bradley Dyslin: Sure. Wes, this is Brad Dyslin. In the quarter, we saw our overall commercial real estate, which is predominantly the transitional real estate, as you've called out, the watchlist has been relatively stable. Our overall foreclosure watchlist is about $1.2 billion. Of that, about half is in active workout proceedings where we are fully prepared to foreclose on the property. We did have one, as you mentioned, that we foreclosed in the quarter. We were actually able to book a small gain on that. The accounting rules are such that if the appraised value exceeds our loan value, we're able to book it at the higher value. It's a pretty small number, but it does highlight the value of disciplined underwriting and maintaining a good, solid loan-to-value on the underlying assets.
 Generally, things were stable in the quarter. We are seeing some very early signs of life in the market. We're seeing headlines about a lot of capital being raised in different outlets, focused on commercial real estate. That will certainly help with liquidity. It's a little bit early, but we're optimistic that we could be turning a corner here in the next couple of quarters. Of course, all eyes are on the Fed right now to see the impact that will have. But all in all, nothing really significant to happen to our watchlist in the quarter. 
Wesley Carmichael: Thanks, Brad. And just turning to the U.S., could you maybe just talk about agent recruiting. What's the environment like given the strong employment in the U.S.? And are you kind of expecting that to change any in your outlook there? 
Virgil Miller: Yes. So I would say it's definitely a tough environment we're recruiting for commission roles out there. Still, I would tell you, if you look back at Q1 of 2023, it was a strong Q1 quarter for us. So this year, we knew we had a tough comparison. And so therefore, I would tell you we expect it to be slightly down. So I'm not throwing off about the performance of Q1. I'm expecting us to rebound and continue to recruit, develop, convert, train and actually build up on average we can produce as going forward. Again, knowing the environment is tough, we just have to recruit differently. We're deploying different means to make sure we hit our expected numbers this year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. 
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to start with Japan sales. It seems like one of the issues, I think, that you're having is the mix of sales between exclusive and nonexclusive channels. So my question is, what percentage of your sales come from these nonexclusive channels? And relatedly, are you behind the industry in terms of the mix from that channel? 
Daniel Amos: Hold on there. Let me -- guys, can you hear. Did you all hear the question, Koide? 
Masatoshi Koide: Yes. We will answer to that question. 
Daniel Amos: Hold on, just 1 second, they'll translate. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] This is Yoshizumi. I will be answering your questions. I'm sorry, this is translator speaking. I just needed to clarify what Yoshizumi said about the numbers that he mentioned. Here I go. 
 In terms of the number of exclusive and nonexclusive agencies, 60% are exclusive agencies and 40% are nonexclusive agencies. That is in terms of the number of sales agencies, but then when it comes to sales, it's 70-30, exclusive agencies, 70% and nonexclusive agencies 40% (sic) [ 30% ]. It's not that which is larger, which is smaller that really matters, but it is what it is.
 In addition to explaining about our nonexclusive agencies channel, there are particular agencies that are called large nonexclusive agencies among the nonexclusive agency channel. And the sales from that large nonexclusive agency channel accounts for about 5% of our sales. 
Suneet Kamath: The bigger question is, are you behind the curve here, right? It seems like the industry is moving towards these nonexclusive agencies. That's my sense. And if it's only 5% in terms of these large nonexclusive agencies, is that just going to be an ongoing headwind in terms of your sales growth? Or do you have strategies to gain share in that channel? 
Masatoshi Koide: [interpreted] Let me start out. This is Koide from Aflac Japan speaking. So first of all, let me just clarify our agency structure, our agency purpose. Ever since our foundation in Aflac Japan, we have always had exclusive agency channel as our main channel plus the so-called nonexclusive agencies that sells mainly our product in cancer and medical insurance area. And these are the main agencies that we have been dealing with. 
 And this, in fact, is the strength of Aflac Japan. And because this just means that there are many agencies that are very loyal to Aflac. And as you know, other companies are entering into agency channel in recent years. Because they are new entries, they are not able to build their own exclusive channel anymore. So as a result, what they've been doing is to go into the nonexclusive channel, especially trying to deal with the large nonexclusive agencies to increase their sales.
 So in other words, as we mentioned, the sales from large nonexclusive agencies is small in Aflac's overall sales. However, this does not mean that we are any behind other insurance companies because we have our strength. This is in fact, our strength because we have our own exclusive channels. But then at the same time, it is also a fact that the market of large nonexclusive agency customers is increasing because the main customers of large nonexclusive agencies is young and middle aged customers. 
 So however, as a result, what we need to do to grow Aflac Japan going forward is not just focus on exclusive agencies, but we also need to start focusing more on large nonexclusive agencies. And that has been the strategy for the past few years. And as a result of that, what we have done last year is to launch a new medical insurance product, which we have been able to sell a lot through our large nonexclusive agencies. Because we have targeted mainly young and middle aged customers who are using this medical insurance. So as a result of this, we have had a very large growth in our medical insurance sales in the first quarter this year. 
Daniel Amos: Suneet, let me try to summarize, because I think it's important here. Number one is, in the nonexclusive area, this isn't something new. If you go back and you look, and you've been around a long time, you'll remember that there was this major agency that was independent and other competitors were selling for them, we ended up selling for them. They had been in the cell phone business and transferred over to the insurance business. 
 We found a way to get into that market. We ended up selling a lot with them. They ended up going a different direction. But the point being is, wherever the business is, we'll be there as the leader in the third sector product. And yes, we do have a strategy. And yes, we do plan on winning. But the point that I think Aflac Japan is making is the bread and butter of everything we do are the agencies that we've had since the inception. That along now with Japan Post has made a big difference. Again, Japan Post being only cancer. But all in all, it's what's dominated our business, and we will be ready to handle that. And it's really nothing new. It was going on 15 years ago. 
Masatoshi Koide: [interpreted] Dan, thank you. And I would like to add a little bit more color to that. We are really truly working on the large nonexclusive agency channel right now. However, as Dan mentioned, we have Japan Post, we have exclusive agencies, we have nonexclusive agencies and as I mentioned, we have Japan Post channel as well as other business partners and bank channel. So we have this variety of channels that sell our third sector products. And so that is how we are going to be increasing and growing our sales. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] So this is Yoshizumi once again. Let me just add a little bit more information to your question. The large nonexclusive agencies, the main product that they sell to a customer is the first sector product. And Aflac, our main products are cancer and medical insurance products and the total number of policies of cancer and medical added altogether combined, we are #1 in overall Japan. So we truly believe that we will be able to increase the number of sales through other channels as well. And I do think that our driver will be our exclusive agencies. 
Daniel Amos: Right, I think we've answered that question. If you need a follow-up, we'll be glad to do that. But David? 
David Young: Betsy, I think that's our last call, correct? 
Operator: Correct. I'd like to hand it back over to David Young for any closing remarks. 
David Young: Yes. Thank you all very much for joining us this morning. And in the coming months, you'll get more information about our financial analyst briefing at the New York Stock Exchange on December 3. And if you have any questions that you want to follow up, please reach out to Investor and Rating Agency Relations. We will talk to you again. Have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
 [Portions of this transcript that are marked [interpreted] were spoken by an interpreter present on the live call.]

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Fourth Quarter Year End 2023 Earnings and 2024 Outlook Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Rating Agency Relations for Aflac Incorporated. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning and welcome. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about earnings for 2023 as well as our outlook for 2024. First, Dan Amos, Chairman, CEO, and President of Aflac Incorporated will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then Max Broden, Executive Vice-President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an update on our financial results and current capital and liquidity, as well as our outlook for 2024. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com. In addition, Max provided his quarterly video update, which also includes information about the outlook for 2024. We also posted, under Financials, on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real-estate and middle-market loans. For Q&A, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non- U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We're glad you are joining us. Reflecting on 2023, it was a very good year. Our management team, employees, sales distribution have continued to work tirelessly as dedicated stewards of our business. This has allowed us to be there for our policyholders when they need us most, just as we promised. Aflac Incorporated delivered a very strong earnings for the year. Net earnings per diluted share for 2023 were $7.78, adjusted earnings per diluted share was $6.23 were the best in the company's history despite the weakening yen and the impact of the reinsurance retrocession late in the fourth quarter. Beginning with Japan, Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results in 2023. For the year, total adjusted revenues declined 3.6% to nearly ¥1.5 trillion, largely reflecting the impacts of reinsurance and paid-up policies. But this was largely offset by a 7.3% decrease in total benefits and adjusted expenses. Pre-tax adjusted earnings increased 6% to nearly ¥457 billion for the year. As a result, Aflac Japan produced an extremely strong profit margin of 30.5%. I am pleased with Aflac Japan's 10.9% year-over-year increase in sales, which was largely driven 26% increase in cancer insurance sales with very significant contributions from Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance as well as other alliances, Dai-ichi Life and Daido Life. As you may recall, Aflac Japan aims to have a product lined up to meet customers' needs during any life stage. Our latest medical insurance is designed to appeal to younger policyholders' basic needs and older and existing policyholders who want additional or updated coverage. While our medical insurance sales were off for the year, they increased 6.5% year-over-year in the fourth quarter following the introduction of our new medical insurance product in mid-September. Similarly, Aflac Japan refreshed WAYS and Child Endowment in 2022 as a way of acquiring younger customers and also introducing opportunities to sell our core third-sector products to them. Since the launch of our refreshed WAYS product, approximately 80% of our sales are to younger customers below the age of 50. The level of concurrent third-sector sales remains above 50%. Given Japan's demographics, our product strategy is to fit the needs of the customers at any stage in life. Acquiring younger customers is critical to our success along with our intense focus on being where the customer wants to buy insurance. We have a broad network of distribution channels, including agencies, alliance partners, and banks. This reach continually optimizes opportunities to help provide financial protection to the Japanese consumers. We are working hard to support each channel. While the market presents challenges, we expect to reach ¥67 billion to ¥73 billion of sales in Japan by the end of 2026. Turning to the U.S. We also generated strong overall financial results in 2023. Total adjusted revenues increased 2.1% to $6.6 billion. The decline in total net benefits and claims was slightly offset by the increase in adjusted expenses. Pretax adjusted earnings increased 10.4% to an all-time high of $1.5 billion for the year. As a result, Aflac U.S. produced an extremely strong profit margin of 22.7%. Aflac U.S. sales increased 5% in 2023, which was at the lower end of our expectations. As you know, we've been focused on increasing persistence to grow profitable earned premiums. In addition, we continually evaluate new business to ensure that it is profitable. During the fourth quarter, we made some tactical decisions to avoid sales opportunities to certain less profitable larger accounts like those of high turnover. At the same time, we focused on updating our products to ensure that our policyholders continue to realize the value of -- our products provide. As part of our efforts, we introduced our new cancer protection insurance policy in the second quarter of 2023. Since that time, our cancer insurance has increased nearly 25%. We know that when people experience the value of our products, it increases persistency, which benefits our policyholders and lowers our expenses. I believe that the need for the products and the solutions we offer are as strong or stronger than ever before in both Japan and the United States. We are leveraging every opportunity and avenue to share this message with consumers, particularly given that our products are sold, not bought. As we communicate the value of our products, we know that the strong brand alone is not enough. We must paint a better picture of how our products help address the gap that people face, even when they have major medical insurance. Knowing our products help lift people up when they need us most is something that makes all of us at Aflac very proud, and propels us to do more and achieve more. We continue to reinforce our leading position and build on that momentum. We are confident that the successful execution of our strategy will lead to sales of at least $1.8 billion in the U.S. by the end of 2025. I'd like to end on addressing our ongoing commitment to prudent liquidity and capital management. We have taken proactive steps in recent years to defend our cash flow and deployable capital against the weakening yen. At the end of 2023, we had nearly $2.8 billion of liquidity at the holding company, which means more than $1 billion over the minimum balance. As an insurance company, our primary responsibility is to fulfill the promises we make to our policyholders while being responsive to the needs of our shareholders. We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our policyholders and balance this financial strength with the tactical capital deployment. We intend to continue prudently managing our liquidity and capital to preserve the strength of our capital and cash flows. This supports both the dividend track record and the tactical share repurchase. 2023 marked the 41st consecutive year of dividend increases. We treasure our track record of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it. Last quarter, the Board put us on a path to continue this record when it increased in the first quarter of 2024 dividend 19% to $0.50. We also remain in the market, repurchasing our shares through 2023 at a historically high level of $700 million per quarter. We have remained tactical in our approach to share repurchase, deploying $2.8 billion in capital to repurchase nearly 39 million of our shares in 2023. Combined with a dividend, this means we delivered over $3.8 billion back to the shareholders in 2023, while also investing in the growth of our business. At the same time, we have maintained our position among companies with the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. Overall, I think we can say that it's been another strong year. I'll now turn the program over to Max, who will cover more details on the financial results for this year and provide an outlook for the key drivers of earnings in 2024. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Dan.  This morning, I'm going to address our 2023 results before providing an outlook for certain drivers for 2024 that were included in the slides with our earnings materials filed yesterday with our 8-K. Aflac Incorporated delivered very strong earnings for the year as adjusted earnings per diluted share rose 9.9% to $6.23, the highest amount in our company's history. This result included a $0.19 negative impact from foreign currency and variable investment income was $0.14 per share below our long-term return expectations. In addition, our annual results included remeasurement gains of $0.51 per share, a $0.20 per share non-economic loss in the fourth quarter under U.S. GAAP related to the innovation of our reinsurance treaty with a third-party ceded back to the company, and a $0.04 per share write-off of certain capitalized software development costs in the third quarter. Our liquidity remained strong with unencumbered holding company liquidity being $1 billion above our minimum balance. Likewise, our capital position remained strong and we ended the year with an SMR above 1,100% in Japan. At the end of 2023, we estimated our internally modeled ESR to be above 250% and we expect the FSA to provide final guidance on the ESR later in 2024. We also estimated our combined RBC in the U.S. to be greater than 650% at the end of 2023. These are strong capital ratios which we actively monitor, stress, and manage to withstand credit cycles as well as external shocks. In addition, impairments have remained within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. Our Adjusted leverage remains below our leverage corridor of 20% to 25% at 19.7%. And this will fluctuate with the yen-dollar rate, since we hold approximately two-thirds of our debt denominated in yen as part of our enterprise hedging program to protect the economic value of Aflac Japan in U.S. dollar terms. In 2023, we repurchased $2.8 billion of our own stock and paid dividends of $245 million in Q4, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Adjusted book value per share increased 10.1% and the adjusted ROE was 13.8%, an acceptable spread to our cost of capital. I'm also pleased with our continued development of our Bermuda reinsurance platform, which resulted in three transactions during 2023. We will continue to utilize this platform to better manage risk and improve capital efficiency across the enterprise, and we expect these transactions to be part of a series that will improve our run-rate adjusted ROE by 100 to 200 basis points over time, all things being equal. Overall, we're very pleased with these results, especially when normalizing for one-time items. Turning to Aflac Japan. Its total benefit ratio for the year was 66%, down 140 basis points from the prior year. Throughout the year, we continue to experience favorable actual to expected on our well-priced large and mature in-force block. We estimate the impact from remeasurement gains to be 130 basis points favorable to the benefit ratio in 2023. Long-term experience trends, as it relates to the treatment of cancer and hospitalization, have continued to lead to favorable underwriting experience. Persistency remained solid with a rate of 93.4%, and was down 70 basis points year-over-year, reflecting elevated lapse as customers updated their cancer and medical coverage with our latest cancer and medical products. Our expense ratio in Japan was 19.8%, down 50 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by good expense control and to some extent, by expense allowance from reinsurance transactions. For the full year, total adjusted revenues in yen were down 3.6% to ¥1.5 trillion. Net earned premiums declined 5.9% to ¥1.1 trillion, reflecting the impacts of reinsurance transactions, paid-up policies, and deferred profit liability. When excluding these three factors, net earned premiums declined an estimated 1.7%. On this same basis, we would expect net earned premiums in 2024 to decline 2.5% to 1.5% when taking into consideration the impact of reinsurance, paid-up policies, and the deferred profit liability reclassification. Adjusted net investment income increased by 4% to ¥365.6 billion as we experienced higher yields on our U.S. dollar-denominated investments and related favorable FX. This was partially offset by a transfer of assets due to reinsurance. Pretax earnings were ¥456.9 billion or 6% higher than a year ago. For 2024, we would expect our well-priced in-force to show greater stability in terms of the benefit ratio excluding unlockings and to be in the range of 66% to 68%. This is a function of both favorable morbidity experience and improved mix of business. With the current trend in revenues, we are actively reducing our expenses. We are taking both tactical efforts as well as more long-term transformational initiatives and we would expect our expense ratio to be in the range of 19% to 21% going forward. The pre-tax profit margin for Japan for 2023 was 30.5%, up 280 basis points year-over-year. A very good result. With approximately 30% of the Japan portfolio in U.S. dollar assets, the strength of the U.S. dollar versus the yen has increased the proportion of net investment income as a component of our pretax profit. With a greater contribution to profitability from net investment income in yen terms, our pre-tax margin is naturally pushed up. In addition, having transitioned to option-based currency hedging, we expect quarterly hedge costs to remain roughly in line with what we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2023. In combination with a lower expected benefit ratio, we expect a pretax profit margin of 29% to 31% in 2024. Turning to Aflac U.S. Our 2023 total benefit ratio came in well below expectations at 42.8%. We estimate that the remeasurement gains impacted the benefit ratio by 500 basis points in 2023. Claims utilization has stabilized, but as we incorporate more recent experience into our reserve models, we unlocked assumptions and released reserves during the year. Persistency increased 130 basis points year-over-year to 78.6%. This is a function of poor persistency quarters falling out of the metric and stabilization across numerous product categories. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 40.6%, up 90 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by our growth initiatives and higher DAC amortization. We would expect the U.S. expense ratio to decrease over time as these businesses grow to scale and improve their profitability. For the full year, total adjusted revenues were up 2.1% to $6.6 billion. Net earned premiums increased 1.9% to $5.7 billion in 2023. Adjusted net investment income increased 8.6% to $820 million, mainly driven by higher yields on both our fixed and floating-rate portfolios. Pretax earnings were $1.5 billion or 10.4% higher than a year ago, driven primarily by the lower benefit ratio which was largely impacted by the third quarter unlock and only partially offset by the higher expense ratio. For 2024, we would expect net earned premium growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%. Profitability for the U.S. segment was solid with a pretax margin of 22.7%, driven primarily by the remeasurement gains from unlocking. Looking forward at 2024, as we grow products with a higher benefit ratio and lower expense ratio, like group life and disability, and network dental and vision, you should start to see those changes reflected in our ratios over time. In 2024, we would expect to operate with a benefit ratio in the range of 45% to 47% and an expense ratio of 38% to 40%. This translates into an expected profit margin of 19% to 21%. In our corporate segment, we recorded a pre-tax loss of $425 million, compared to a loss of $218 million a year ago, primarily due to higher investment tax credits and the impact of the innovation of our reinsurance treaty with a third party. Adjusted net investment income was $54 million lower than last year due to an increased volume of tax credit investments. Higher rates began to earn in and amortized hedge income increased. These tax credit investments impacted the corporate net investment income line for U.S. GAAP purposes negatively by $343 million with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $39 million. To date, these investments are performing well and in line with expectations. The impact from the reinsurance innovation was a one-time negative of $151 million. Overall, we're very pleased with our 2023 results and our outlook for 2024. I'll now turn the call back to David, so we can begin Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin our Q&A, we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. Then you're welcome to rejoin the queue to ask any additional questions. Betsy, we will now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. One numbers question and then one on strategy. Just the numbers question. I guess for the last several years, you've had better portfolio yield in Japan being driven by the pivot into USD portfolio. If I look at the last couple of quarters, that seems to be flattening out. So your portfolio yield has been more stable. Can you talk about what's driving that and what it means for 2024 NII in Japan? And then, Dan, strategy question is, just given the growth headwinds in Japan, would you guys consider anything more meaningful on M&A strategically to help facilitate growth? I know you haven't really done this in the past, but there does seem to be an element of kind of unavoidable demographic headwind in Japan that you're fighting against here. So curious what you think on strategy there. Thanks.
Max Broden: Thank you, Tom. I'll kick it off and then hand over to Brad and then to Dan for the strategy question. As it relates to our investment portfolio and net investment income, you're correct in noticing that our net investment income has increased over the last couple of years. A portion of that is driven by our increased allocation to U.S. dollar assets. And I do want to remind you that, that is primarily driven by the view that we have of hedging our economic exposure to the yen as it relates to the overall exposure that we have as a company to the yen throughout like Japan. We have now reached what we view to be more of a steady state as it relates to our total U.S. dollar allocation. So from that level, I would expect a stabilization in terms of our total allocation between yen and dollars within the investment portfolio. But as it relates to more of an outlook into 2024 for our NII, I'll turn to Brad, and he can give you some more color.
BradDyslin: Yes. The only thing I would add is just to remind you that our new money yield is both a blend of lower yen rates as well as the higher U.S. dollar rates. Most of our deployment is planned for U.S. dollar assets and that is to maintain the balances, as Max just described. But we do still like yen spread products when we can locate acceptable outlets. When that happens, then we will put them in the portfolio, and that does result in pulling down the overall reported new money yield just because of the simple math of lower yen rates.
DanAmos: And Tom, in regards to strategy, that's been an issue we've had for several years. We feel like that one of the things we are addressing is cancer or medical product suite is by starting them off on an inexpensive savings plan that gets them to participate with us. We also continue to look for new product. We have still not found that third product or third leg that we want to find and we're continuing to try things. But I don't know of anyone right now that I would trade places with in Japan in terms of distribution and product that we have and believe we can continue to grow our business moving forward. Saying that, we have to be realistic that it is an aging population, and it also is a position where it's not the population is declining, but all in all, I still believe it's the best market in the country or in the world because of the persistency and our ability to continue to grow it. And so, I think you're going to see growth for the next several years. We did lower that number to -- from 80 billion just to be cautious, but we're encouraged. Our Japan Post growth and what's gone there continues to do very well, and we've enjoyed our relationship there. It's our existing distribution system that was really hurt, both in the U.S. and Japan, by COVID, but more so in Japan because if you look back at COVID, it really lasted an additional year in Japan. And because our agents are commission-driven, our newer agents, when COVID hit, all of a sudden did not have an opportunity to go out and sell one-on-one. And as we've always said, our products are sold, they're not bought. And so, we go out and make those presentations, and we couldn't do it. And so people that were normally working for us on a commission basis tried to find other jobs that were salary in nature, and that's what we've been fighting, but it is coming back both in the U.S. and Japan, and I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing there.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Just a couple on Japan. And the first one, Dan, just gets back to something you're just talking about in terms of the ¥67 billion to ¥73 billion sort of target down from the ¥80 billion. Are you viewing that as sort of just a delay? And that, that ¥80 billion is ultimately achievable, maybe a year beyond your original target? Just -- I wanted to think about it a little bit longer term.
DanAmos: Well, I certainly think it's the potential out there. I don't know what year -- because the COVID, with such an anomaly, what I'd like to do is, is to let our people that are there on the -- Koide or whoever wants to take this particular question can do it. And then I'll follow up if there's any other part you want me to directly address.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide Aflac Japan. So let me answer the question. And the reason why we've changed our target from ¥80 billion to ¥67 billion to ¥73 billion was because we knew that it would take a longer time. So we do think that we are able to achieve ¥80 billion if we look beyond 2026 or after.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. All right. And then I just had another question on, I guess, persistency in Japan. If I just think back to Aflac from years ago, it strikes me that part of the reason the persistency was so strong is because you sold at the work site and there just was very little job mobility in Japan so people just kept the products for a long time. And I guess the question is, as you're shifting now to new distribution channels outside of the work site and to a younger population, which seems to be the objective, should we just expect a natural decline in that persistency over time?
Max Broden: I'll kick it off and I'll let anybody add some commentary to that as well. As we sell to younger customers, that should actually improve the persistency. Because of the age-based pricing that we have in Japan, there's a very strong incentive to hold on to the product for a long time and maybe even for life. So as you sell into a younger population, that tends to reduce your lapse rates and improve your persistency. Suneet, you are correct to -- when you look at the corporate agencies that you are referring to from the past that, that was -- had very strong persistency overall in that channel. And as that has become a smaller piece of our overall inforce, that have structurally reduced our persistency. The other thing I would mention as well is that we have seen an aging of the block. And when you have an aging of the block, that naturally leads to higher lapsation and lower persistency as well. So you hear us talk about that we are trying to reach younger customers, that is partially to sort of fight these sort of long-term trends that we have going on in our in-force block to not only provide coverage and new coverages to the younger population but also to improve the overall persistency of the block. All of this is marginal from year to year, and it's very slow-moving, but it's certainly something that we're watching closely.
DanAmos: Yoshizumi, do you have any comments you'd like to add? Our head of sales in Japan.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Thank you. This is Yoshizumi. And regarding the persistency that was just asked and answered by Max, and as Max answered, by us focusing on young and middle-aged customers, our persistency is going to be higher, and that is our strategy. And that is actually represented by the medical insurance that was just launched on September 19. And this product is very popular among the young and middle-aged customers whose ages are under 49 -- or 49 and under. In terms of the number of policy count that we sold to these young and middle-aged customers, we actually saw a 46% increase year-on-year from the time that we launched in September to the end of the year last year. And these customers are for our middle and long-term growth of Aflac Japan. And these are the customers who will be our asset and our treasure going forward. And the actual premiums that are being paid by young and middle-aged customers are lower. And we truly believe that by focusing on these younger customers and increasing these young customers would contribute to stable growth of our company. And at the same time, as I mentioned, the persistency rate will be higher, and this is our strategy.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks for the answers.
DanAmos: I just want to remind you all that the persistency rate is really high. And we can move it up a little bit, move down a little bit, but it is more than we ever dreamed when we first started doing business over there. So we're very pleased with it. So -- but at the same time, we will improve because when you're writing younger people, of course, they'll live longer, and therefore, they'll be more persistent.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Good morning. So first, a question on Japan. And if you think really long term, is it even realistic to assume that the business can grow given that the population shrinking, the population is aging as well? And then versus 10, 20 years ago, there are a lot more companies in the product lines that you're in? So if you could just comment on that, like -- and maybe on your -- the reduction in guidance on sales, how much of that has to do with just Japan taking longer to recover from COVID versus some of these demographic headwinds?
DanAmos: Well, my first comment is, you're correct in terms of a competitive environment. But what is in Japan or any other country that isn't competitive. So being competitive is nothing new to us, and something that we are understanding that we have to constantly look for ways to address how we can identify with consumers and show the need for our products even more. Now don't forget, we've seen copays and deductibles over many years. I don't know when another one will take place or what will happen. But as inflation, even though small in Japan, you have to take that into account, too. So remember, our ability to convert and add more premium to existing policyholders always makes a difference and grows our block of business as well, and we especially think that with the younger people. Let me now turn to Japan and let them comment on it.
Masatoshi Koide: Yes. This is Koide, Aflac Japan. And it is true that Japan is being projected as having declining population. But at the same time, with the advancement of longevity in the 100-year life era, the need to prepare for longevity risk is expected to increase steadily. And it's also expected that the aging population could increase the medical cost because as you live long, the probability of suffering from cancer and other diseases will increase. And in Japan, the sustainability of the overall social security system is being discussed. And this would also include medical and nursing care. And this is being questioned and the discussions are underway within the Japanese government to review how the benefits and burden should be balanced. And given these circumstances, there is a way of thinking about helping themselves or self-help and preparing for the future as people become more aware of the situation. And as a result, although the population may decline, we do think that the third sector market will steadily grow going forward as well.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the U.S. business, do you have a better clarity on the tri-agency rule and its potential impact on your sales?
Virgil Miller: Hi. This is Virgil, from the U.S. We have been working with the tri-agency sales to talk about any potential impact we could see to those selling supplemental into the consumers out there. And we're waiting on a ruling. Thus far, they set a date to be on April 2024, you know and I know that a date may move. However, we remain encouraged that our policies and coverages are relevant regardless if that rule does come through. We looked at our indemnity sales from last year. We really didn't see any decline. We remain flat there. And again, regardless, even if there is a rule of not a rule, our coverage is relevant, and we're not predicting any major impact going forward.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hi, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about the outlook for capital generation, and if we should expect anything on an ongoing basis from internal reinsurance opportunities? Thank you.
Max Broden: Thank you, Wilma. If you think about the total capital generation that we've had recently and also going into 2024, I don't see any significant change to our overall capital generation on an organic basis. That remains in the $2.6 billion to $3 billion range. On top of that, we know that we have opportunities that we can, over time, unlock more capital through utilizing our reinsurance platform, and we intend to do so. We can't necessarily predict exactly when that will happen or what amounts that will be, but you've seen us in the recent past be quite active on that front. So I would expect us to do more. But on a pure sort of run rate organic basis, I would have pegged our underlying capital generation at $2.6 billion to $3 billion annually.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And could you just talk more about the commercial real estate watch list? It's higher than a lot of the peers, and you guys have taken the keys back on a few properties lately. So if you could go into that and what you're seeing there? Thank you.
Virgil Miller: Sure. I think there's one primary thing related to our watch list relative to our portfolio that makes us different than peers, and that's the fact that the bulk of our exposure is in transitional real estate. Remember, that's a much shorter asset class. It's a much shorter maturity, generally a three-year term with some options to extend out a fourth and fifth year. So because of that, when you have a market downturn and you've got these maturities coming due and the liquidity is as poor as we're seeing in the market today, it naturally creates an elevated watch list and creates an elevated amount of potential foreclosures. Now, we work very closely with our borrowers to address those maturities. We do our best to avoid foreclosure. But if they are not willing to work with us, if they're not willing to reset the loan to reflect current valuations and give us other protections, we are fortunate that we're in a position, we can and will foreclose if we think that's the best route to maximize our recoveries. We are blessed with a strong capital and liquidity position, which prevents us from being a forced seller here. So I think it's a combination of the nature of our portfolio, having shorter maturities relative to our total exposure. And then the fact that we are much more willing to foreclose and able to foreclose, if we think that's the best route.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, going back to just Japan sales guidance. Dan, I know you said you guys are being cautious in lowering the outlook there. But how do we think about -- how should we think about going from the ¥60.7 billion of sales in '23 to the new ¥67 billion to ¥73 billion target? Should we think about that being even -- even over the next few years or maybe a bit more back-ended?
DanAmos: Japan? Okay. Well, we, at this particular time, are just evaluating what we think might happen for the next two years. And frankly, we've just tried to be conservative and give us some latitude on what would happen. But we have some very positive things coming out in 2024 that we think will drive sales and are encouraged about it and even some things as we're looking to 2025 that will be coming. Let me make sure that Koide or -- they don't want to make any comments in that regard. Koide?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Yes. This is Yoshizumi.
DanAmos: Okay, Yoshizumi.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Yes, thank you. Okay. Let me answer the question. And as Dan mentioned earlier, it is true that COVID has impacted Japan way beyond our expectation. And as a result, the number of solicitors or sales agents have decreased significantly. And even if you were -- even if our agencies are able to hire the sales agents, we were not able to train them. It was not until May last year in Japan that COVID has been reclassified at the same level as with influenza. So we had no choice, but to face really truly difficult situation in sales for a long time. And at the same time, it is also true that it took us quite a bit of time to train those sales agents that have lower skills. But right now, what we are very much focused on is really recruit and train the solicitors or sales agents. Otherwise, we will not be able to train and grow those sales agents that are customer-centric. Aflac sales agents must be those agents that are very welcomed by our customers. What I mean by that is that those sales agents must respond to customers' needs when they solicit policies, but at the same time, when the benefits and claims are paid. And I do believe that it is Aflac's mission to send out these kind of sales agents to the market appropriately. And that is the reason why we have set our sales target relatively conservative. And we currently do have recruiting and development and training plan for our future, as Koide mentioned earlier, beyond maybe ¥80 billion or even more in the future. Thank you.
Max Broden: Elyse, I would think about the sales trajectory as being relatively linear, i.e., not back-end loaded.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. Thanks Max. And then my second question, you guys you pointed out, you obviously have a good amount of buffer at the holdco relative to where you've talked about running. How do you think about, I guess, managing that down? And how should we think about the level of potential buybacks in '24?
Max Broden: So we're obviously operating with a very significant capital levels in all of our subsidiaries at the moment. Over time, I would expect us to operate at slightly lower capital levels in terms of the ratios and where we are today. I would reflect that in Japan, we are now going through a transition from SMR to ESR. So I wouldn't necessarily make any dramatic changes ahead of that. In the U.S., we are looking to, over time, target in an RBC of closer to 400%, and we have active plans towards drawing that down. At the same time, we have strong capital and liquidity at the holding companies. We always think about where is capital serving us the best at that very point in time, at the same time making sure that we have capital available for deployment into dividends, buybacks, et cetera. So overall, I would say that our capital plans remain solid. We've got plenty of capital around, and we try to place it where it makes the best use.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John B. Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. I had a question of - going back to the Japan sales target. I know you put out a press release in December about the Trupanion pet insurance partnership for Japan. Did that pivot remove any sales contribution from the ¥80 billion assumption? And can you talk - thank you.
Dan Amos: No, it did not.
John Barnidge: Okay. Then can you maybe talk about the growth opportunity for that product in the U.S. that was called out in the pivot and commitment to ownership stake? Thank you.
Max Broden: Pet insurance, we think, has a significant opportunity in the U.S. market because of the very low penetration of the product itself. For Aflac, we act as a distributor where these premiums, claims, et cetera, do not hit our income statement. So it's an opportunity to - for our distribution to earn additional commissions, so in that sense, it's very positive to Aflac. We do, obviously, have an alliance and a partnership with Trupanion that is strong through the equity ownership that we have in the company, and we capture significant economics over time through that equity ownership.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the answers. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz: Hi. Good morning. First, a question on U.S. expenses. So the outlook looks to be largely in line with prior year. You've talked in the past on bending the expense curve and getting closer to a mid-30% expense ratio. Can you just provide an update on those expectations and when we should start to see a more significant drop in the expense ratio in the U.S.?
Max Broden: So you are starting to see a drop in 2024, and I would expect that to continue. There are two forces at play here, both expenses and our revenues. Expenses, we have active plans to improve our expense efficiency and reduce expenses both from a tactical and transformational standpoint. But also do not disregard the impact from revenues here. So as we have a number of businesses that are not at scale today, they will grow to scale. And when they do that, their expense ratios will drop significantly, and that will improve overall our expense ratio, i.e., push that down. The last piece to all of this is also where is our future growth coming from. It is generally coming from low expense ratio businesses. Predominantly, the group life and disability business that operates at a significantly lower structural expense ratio than the voluntary benefits business. So if you take all of that together, we should have a trajectory that is going lower, and we would expect to operate in the 35% to 37% over time.
Joel Hurwitz: Okay. Makes sense. And then just on the recapture. Any color on the economic benefit? And then are there other blocks that you could potentially execute something similar on?
Max Broden: So overall, we're very pleased with the economics. In terms of the impact on future run rate results, they're relatively small, but they're obviously favorable. So there's a favorable run rate going forward. In terms of the other blocks out there, I do deem that this is - was the one that we really had out there. I wish we had more than we could do, but this was really the one that we had outstanding.
Joel Hurwitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. First, I just wanted to follow up on the U.S. expense ratio, given that the group products also tend to have higher benefit ratio. So just curious, as you continue - as you do grow those business lines and the expense ratio comes down, would you expect, ultimately, for the margins in the U.S. is to increase? Or to what extent would that be offset by naturally higher benefit ratios on those products?
Max Broden: So I think that we have been in a structurally low benefit ratio period, which means that over time, I would expect our benefit ratios to increase. And you're right, Ryan, to acknowledge that the mix impact will also push our benefit ratios higher. So we're always going to see that mix impact impacting both expense ratio and benefit ratios going forward. And that will have a slightly negative impact to the pretax margin going forward because of mix. But I'll kick it over to Virgil Miller to give his comments as well.
Virgil Miller: Thank you, Max. So first, we're not pleased where we sit with the expense ratio. That is absolutely a focus for the U.S. And one of the things we're doing is making sure we have plans that are going to continue to be in that curve, and you'll see that happening over a period of time. And we're basically challenging all of the U.S. leadership to be accountable for that, and it is tied to our little compensation. Now I'll go step further, though, I mentioned that when we talked about the actual sales growth this year, one of the things we mentioned - you heard Dan mention earlier, is our strong underwriting discipline. We are making sure that we only put policies and business on the books that actually have better persistency and lower turnover rates with employees. So the underwriting discipline itself will continue to help drive and bend that expense curve and drive up that benefit ratio, along with, as Max mentioned, the continued growth that we're seeing in our vita bills, it would change the overall business mix in the U.S. So just to conclude, it is absolutely a focus for us and that we are confident we've got the right plans in place to start bidding that curve starting next year.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you. And then on Japan internal reinsurance, you've done a transaction two years in a row. Is there any practical limitation on doing something like that kind of pretty regularly? Or is there anything that would omit your ability to do that?
Max Broden: So Ryan, over time, we would expect that we could see at about 10% of the Aflac Japan balance sheet to Aflac Bermuda. There are no real legal limitations to it, but at the same time, we got to acknowledge any sort of risks associated with internal reinsurance to make sure that we don't overexpose ourselves or we make sure that we can handle everything associated with it. So over time, I would expect us to see something like 10%. And to date, we have done about 4%.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Virgil Miller: And this is Virgil. Let me just go back to add, when I was talking about being on that curve, that starts this year, in 2024. I just want to make sure you got that. I said next year, but I mean 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for taking my question. Just a question as to whether or not the yen at ¥140, ¥150 to the dollar versus 110, does that change your hedging costs, your desire to hedge the strategy at all in your investment portfolio?
Max Broden: So obviously, the pricing of options will move, and that impacts, to some extent, the cost of hedging. And so obviously, every input that you would have to the pricing of options would impact that. In terms of the level of the yen, the answer is no. We want to structurally protect the economic exposure we have to the yen. And we do that through the dollar allocation that we have in the general account. We do that through the debt that we issue in yen, and we do that through the forwards that we hold at the holding company, where we are long dollars, short yen. So overall, we do this in order to reduce risk, not necessarily to express an opinion on the yen. Now, how we hedge and protect ourselves, we have all these different levers that we can pull, and the cost and return on capital associated with those can vary over time because of the capital markets. So that's why we will then dial up and dial down some of those associated with that. But it's not necessarily associated with the level of the yen-dollar rate. We are not FX traders. We're looking to protect ourselves long term.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you, Betsy, and thank you all for joining us this morning. If you have any additional questions, please reach out to the Investor and Rating Agency Relations team. We will be happy to talk to you then, and we look forward to speaking to you soon. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning and welcome. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the third quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, and Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated. Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will provide an update on our financial results in current capital and liquidity, which can also be found with the materials that we posted along with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com. We also posted under financials on the same site updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real estate and middle market loans. In addition, Max provided his quarterly video update, which you will find there also. Other members of our executive management team who are joining us for Q&A include Virgil Miller, President of Aflac US; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-US GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David. Good morning. We're glad you joined us. Reflecting on the third quarter of 2023, our management team, employees, and sales distribution have continued to work tirelessly as dedicated stewards of our business. This has allowed us to be there for the policyholders when they need us most, just as we promised. Aflac Incorporated delivered very strong earnings for both the quarter and for the first nine months. Beginning with Japan, I am pleased with our 12.4% year-over-year increase in sales, which was largely driven by a nearly 23% increase in cancer insurance sales, with a significant contribution from Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance. I am also pleased to see continued improvements in cancer insurance sales through our other alliances, Dai-ichi Life and Daido Life. These alliance partners, along with agencies and banks, combine to form our extensive distribution channels that are so important to being where the customer wants to buy insurance and providing them with financial protection. We continue to work hard to support each channel. We also introduced our new medical insurance product on September 19. The product design is simple to appeal to younger policyholders with basic needs and older or existing policyholders who desire additional or updated coverage. While it's too early to evaluate the success of this product launch, early indications show that it's being well received. We continue to gain new customers through WAYS and Child Endowment, while also increasing opportunities to sell our third sector products. Since the launch of our refreshed WAYS product, approximately 80% of our sales are to younger customers below the age of 50, and the level of concurrent third sector sales remains approximately 50%. Thus far, our product strategy in Japan has served us well, and I'm encouraged by our progress so far. Turning to the US, I'm encouraged by our sales increase of 7.5% in the quarter. This reflects continued productivity improvements and the contribution from our growth initiatives of group life and disability, consumer markets, network dental and vision. We remain focused on driving scale, stabilizing new platforms, and leveraging our ability to bundle essential product lines as we work with brokers on larger groups. Agents and brokers contributed to the growth of our individual business. Our group platform benefited significantly from the sales of group life and disability. I am very excited about our new cancer protection assurance policy, which provides enhanced benefits at no additional cost. We know that when people experience the value of our products, it increases persistency, which benefits our policyholders and lowers our expenses. I believe that the need for our products and solutions we offer is strong or stronger than ever before in both Japan and the United States. We are leveraging every opportunity and avenue to share this message with consumers, particularly given that our products are sold, not bought. As we communicate the value of our products, we know that a strong brand alone is not enough. We must paint a better picture of how our products help address the gap that people face when they get medical treatments, even though they may have major medical insurance. Knowing our products help lift people up when they need it most is something that makes all of us at Aflac very proud and propels us to do more and achieve more. We continue to reinforce our leading position and build on that momentum. As always, we are committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. We continue to generate strong investment results while remaining in a defensive position as we monitor evolving economic conditions. In addition, we have taken proactive steps in recent years to defend our cash flow and deployable capital against a weakening yen. As an insurance company, our primary responsibility is to fulfill the promises we make to our policyholders. At the same time, we are listening to our shareholders and understanding the importance of prudent liquidity and capital management. We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the policyholder and balance this financial strength with tactical capital deployment. I am very pleased with the Board's declaration of the fourth quarter dividend and declaring this dividend of 2023 marks the 41st consecutive year of dividend increases, a record that we treasure. I am even more pleased with the Board's action to increase the first quarter of 2024 dividend by 19% to $0.50 per share. We also remain in the market purchasing shares at a historically high level of $700 million, as seen in the first two quarters of this year. We intend to continue prudently managing our liquidity and capital to preserve the strength of our capital and cash flows, which support both our dividend track record and tactical share repurchase. Overall, I think we can say that it has been a very strong quarter, especially when a vast number of factors are in our favor. Aflac Japan had a strong quarter for sales as we executed product and distribution strategy. Aflac US continued to build on its momentum as it nears pre-pandemic levels. Pre-tax profit margins remain strong in both Japan at 32.8% and the US at 28.8%. Plus, our capital ratios remain very strong, and our quarterly share repurchase was, like last quarter, one of the largest in the company's history. Before I hand it over to Fred, I want to address an announcement of his retirement. I have enjoyed working closely with Fred over the last eight years and certainly understand his desire to retire and spend more time with the family and personal interests. Fred, you will be missed, and I look forward to working with you and Aflac's executive team to ensure a smooth transition until your official retirement day. And I wish you many happy years. As for me and the company, we have some outstanding candidates who are capable of running Aflac. It is my responsibility to continue to train and watch the progress of these potential heir apparent while the Board oversees the process. To be prepared for any unknowns, we have always had an interim CEO ready should something abruptly happen to me, as well as a strong process within the Board's corporate governance committee. I recently had a physical at Emory University and received an excellent report. So I plan on being around to prepare our leaders for the future and drive shareholder value. With that, I'll now turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. As announced last night, I plan to retire in September of next year to spend more time with my family and pursue other interests. It's a personal decision, but also a recognition of the very capable leadership team surrounding Dan and the company being in a very strong position. While I believe this is the best for me and my family, I also believe it is in the best interest of Aflac. I've enjoyed 25 years as an executive in the insurance industry and feel blessed to have worked with talented professionals and leaders throughout. However, the highlight has clearly been my time here working for Dan and for Aflac. Over the next year, I will be focused on transition and helping on select initiatives where I can add value. I'll now hand the call back over to Max. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Fred. For the third quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 27.8% year-over-year to $1.84 with a $0.06 negative impact from FX in the quarter. With this being the third quarter under the new LDTI accounting regime, we evaluate our reserve assumptions for morbidity, persistency, and mortality, at least annually, to see if an update is needed. If necessary, these assumptions will be unlocked on a prospective basis as they were in this quarter, leading to remeasurement gains of $205 million. Variable investment income ran $13 million or $0.02 per share below our long-term return expectations. We also wrote down certain software intangibles in our US segment, impacting our results by $0.04 per share. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, increased 10.3%, and the adjusted ROE was 15.6%, a significant spread to our cost of capital. Overall, we view these results in the quarter as solid. Starting with our Japan segment, net earned premium for the quarter declined 2.8%, reflecting the impact of paid-up policies, our January 1 reinsurance transaction and deferred profit liability. Lapses were somewhat elevated but within our expectations. However, if adjusting for all these factors, the earned premium declined an estimated 1.7%. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 65.1% for the quarter, down 170 basis points year-over-year, and the third sector benefit ratio was 54.8%, down approximately 460 basis points year-over-year. We continue to experience favorable actual to expected on our well-priced, large and mature in-force block. We estimate the impact from remeasurement gains to be 260 basis points favorable to the benefit ratio in Q3. Long-term experience trends as it relates to treatment of cancer and hospitalization continue to be in place, leading to favorable underwriting experience. Persistency remained solid with a rate of 93.5% but was down 80 basis points year-over-year. With product refreshments, we tend to experience some elevation in lapses as customers update and refresh their coverage, which was the case with the recently refreshed cancer and first sector products. Our expense ratio in Japan was 19%, down 100 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by good expense control and, to some extent, by expense allowance from reinsurance transactions and DAC commission true-up. For the full year, we would expect to end up towards the low end of our expense ratio range of 20% to 22%. Adjusted net investment income in yen terms was up 7.2% as we experienced higher yields on our US dollar-denominated investments and related favorable FX and a return on our alternatives portfolio, more in line with our long-term return expectations. This was offset by transfer of assets due to reinsurance. In the quarter, we reduced our FX forwards and increased FX put options notional, leading to lower run rate hedge costs and a more efficient use of our investment risk capital. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 32.8%, up 350 basis points year-over-year, a very good result for the quarter. Turning to US results, net earned premium was up 3.2%. Persistency increased 80 basis points year-over-year to 78.7%. This is a function of poor persistency quarters falling out of the metric and stabilization across numerous product categories, especially group voluntary benefits. Our total benefit ratio came in lower than expected at 35.9%, a full 890 basis points lower than Q3 2022. We estimate that the remeasurement gains impacted the benefit ratio by 12.1 percentage points in the quarter. Claims utilization remains subdued. And as we incorporate more recent experience into our reserve models, we have released some reserves. For the full year, we now estimate our benefit ratio to be materially below our outlook range of 47% to 50%. Excluding remeasurement gains, however, we are tracking well within the 47% to 50% outlook range. Our expense ratio in the US was 40.6%, up 70 basis points year-over-year. This includes a 190 basis points impact from a software intangibles write-down. Adjusting for this write-down, we are trending in the right direction. Our growth initiatives, group life and disability, network dental and vision, direct-to-consumer increased our total expense ratio by 330 basis points. We would expect this impact to decrease over time as these businesses grow to scale and improve their profitability. For the full year, we now expect our expense ratio to come in slightly above our outlook range of 37% to 40%. Adjusted net investment income in the US was up 13%, mainly driven by higher yields on both our fixed and floating rate portfolios and variable investment income in the quarter more in line with long-term return expectations. Profitability in the US segment was solid with a pretax margin of 28.8%, driven primarily by the remeasurement gains from unlocking. As you know, the commercial real estate markets are going through the worst cycle in decades, especially in the office subsector. We're seeing most property values quoted down 25% to 40%, but some distressed situations are driving market values down as much as 60%, far exceeding the 35% to 40% declines of the financial crisis. Our total commercial real estate watch list remains approximately $1 billion, with around two-thirds of these in active foreclosure proceedings. As a result of these current low valuation marks, we increased our CECL reserves associated with these loans by $34 million this quarter. We also moved two properties into real estate owned, which resulted in a $53 million write-down. We do not believe the current distressed market is indicative of the true intrinsic economic value of the underlying properties currently undergoing a foreclosure process. We continue to believe our ability to take ownership of these quality buildings and manage them through this cycle will allow us to maximize our recoveries. In our Corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $49 million, which is somewhat smaller than a year ago, primarily due to our reinsurance transaction. Adjusted net investment income was $8 million lower than last year due to an increased volume of tax credit investments. Higher rates began to earn in and amortized hedge income increased. These tax credit investments impacted the corporate net investment income line for US GAAP purposes negatively by $64 million with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $3.8 million in the quarter. To date, these investments are performing well and in line with expectations. We are continuing to build out our reinsurance platform, and I'm pleased with the outcome and performance. In Q4, we intend to execute another tranche with similar structure and economics to our first transaction from January this year. Our capital position remains strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR above 1,000% in Japan. And our combined RBC, while not finalized, we estimate to be greater than 650%. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $3.3 billion, $1.6 billion above our minimum balance. These are strong capital ratios which we actively monitor, stress and manage to withstand credit cycles as well as external shocks. US stat impairments were $4 million and Japan FSA impairments JPY2.9 billion or roughly $20 million. This is well within our expectations and with limited impact to both earnings and capital. Leverage remains at a comfortable 18.8%, just below our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. The decline in the quarter is primarily driven by the weakening yen. As we hold approximately two-thirds of our debt denominated in yen, our leverage will fluctuate with movements in the yen-dollar rate. This is intentional and part of our enterprise hedging program, protecting the economic value of Aflac Japan in US dollar terms. We repurchased $700 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $248 million in Q3, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Thank you. I will now hand the call back to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin our Q&A we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related a follow-up. Then, you are welcome to rejoin the queue to ask an additional question. We will now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. You may now go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Dan, wanted to start with your comment about succession planning and having several strong candidates. Should we take that to mean you won't be looking to do an outside search to replace Fred? And are you looking to replace Fred in the COO role? A little bit of color on what you're thinking overall there. Thanks.
Dan Amos: Sure. First, I would say that you have to understand that one of the reasons that we created the Chief Operating Officer and also for Fred to go to Japan, part of it was due to the COVID period of time and that we had a situation where with COVID, we wanted more interaction with Japan. And so Fred was willing to go over there and do that. And that was very helpful to us. And we continue to rotate people over to Japan and from Japan to the United States. And it's -- for example, Steve Beaver, who you probably know has been around a long time, will be working with him. As far as how and what will evolve, these decisions ultimately come from the Board. I think there's always two ways to look at transition and what would take place would be abruptness of something happening and then well it was structured. So we work with the concept that this will be planned over a long period of time and we've had internal candidates. It's always been my preference that it'd be internal candidates because of the Japanese operation and the uniqueness that we have there. Saying that, I would say the Board would -- the Corporate Governance Committee specifically and then the full Board would be reviewing every aspect to make sure you have the best person for the job. And so we would also take that into consideration as we're moving forward. As I said in my comments, I'm enjoying life. I'm enjoying working with the company and want to continue to do so. At the same time, these adjustments of people retiring and moving on happens, and I've been around to see a lot of them. But I think there's a little element of pride that keeps me around because of the family. And frankly, I just enjoy doing it. So I look forward to working with these people. There are several that are on the horizon. We continue to add new people that have potential. So I'm encouraged about that and I think we're in a strong position. I think this quarter sent a signal of how strong we are, managerially-wise, and we'll continue to do that.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. Thanks for that, Dan. And just an operational question for my follow-up. Max, can you comment on what's behind the bigger reserve release in the US and if there's a go-forward earnings impact associated with that? I would have thought there might have been a bigger benefit coming from Japan, just given how strong and this efficiency of margins there are. So any -- maybe any color comparing and contrasting how the actuarial review stacked up US versus Japan? Thanks.
Max Broden: Thank you, Tom. So obviously, this is the first year we're running on an LDTI basis, and the third quarter is when we do the unlockings, including prospective unlockings. When you think about it, if you go back and look at the last couple of years and you see the morbidity trends and also trends in hospitalization and outpatient treatment, and you compare and contrast Japan and the United States, in the US, we shut down a lot more than what you ended up doing in Japan as it relates to how people went to the hospital and how people changed their behavior. And that is coming through in our morbidity experience. So we did see, for example, accident hospitalizations, et cetera, drop a lot more in the United States than what you saw in Japan. And that was simply a factor of the COVID virus had a much more significant spread in the US than what it did have in Japan. In Japan, you really had a big spike in the third quarter of 2022. But outside of that, it was a significantly lower spread than what we had in the US. And that is why you're now seeing that having a much more pronounced impact on the morbidity experience that is feeding into our actuarial models that is then leading to the outcome that you saw this quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. You may now go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So Fred, I'm sure we'll be dealing with you a little bit more over the next year, but good luck in the future. I had, first, a question on just any updates you have on the potential tri-agency rules. And in sort of the worst-case scenario, what are the products that are in scope and what could be the impact on your business, assuming that the industry does not get any concessions from the rule as it's initially written?
Virgil Miller: Good morning. This is Virgil Miller from the US. I'll take that question for you. So we continue to advocate on behalf of our policyholders to provide them the protection when they need it most. The comment period is closed, but you can see and review our comments out there as well as others. I'll just say that we saw no impact in the third quarter to our sales. If you think about it, our hospital indemnity product could be one that's impacted. We had relatively flat sales in third quarter. But you've heard Dan mention in his comments about our cancer insurance protection plan. We saw our cancer sales up in the third quarter. I would say this also that remember, one of the considerations as part of the proposal is around pretax implications. Aflac has been selling, we were selling our policies without those pretax benefits long before it actually occurred years ago. So I think we'll be positioned well even if the rule were to pass.
Dan Amos: Let me make one other comment. I was in Washington for three days about three weeks ago and met with probably 18 senators and congressmen to just see their positions on it. I want to go back to the pretax situation that Virgil was talking about because it was an anomaly. What actually happened was it ended up being passed. And we, as a company, back 20-something years ago, we didn't sell pretax for the first two years because the Congress said it was a mistake and it was never really meant to happen. And so once it was in the bill, then when they tried to take it, thought about taking it out, there would -- it looked like it was a [free tax] (ph). If they took it out, it became a tax on the average American. And you take, for example, a school teacher that has come down with cancer to, all of a sudden, say you're going to tax their benefits will not sit well with the contingency of people that they deal with. And so we were able to talk to a lot of people about it, and we had no feedback that thought that it should be the opposite. Now saying that, we know that this has been submitted by the branch outside Congress through the executive branch, and we've got to handle it and we plan on talking to them. But it is -- it will absolutely be a direct tax. But we sold in that environment. I'm one of the ones -- one thing about me being around a long time is I remember a lot of things. And we saw -- I was around when we sold in a pretax environment. In fact, I was in the sales force for 10 years and saw it. And so it's a matter of adjustment no matter what happens. And what I've always said is with change comes opportunity. And so no matter what happens, we're going to find a way to do well in that environment.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And if I could ask just one more. Your comments on CRE seem fairly negative and the environment is pretty challenging as well. But how do you square the watch list of over $1 billion or around $1 billion with your CECL reserve, which seems pretty modest at around $34 million?
Brad Dyslin: Yeah. Good morning, Jimmy, this is Brad Dyslin. I'll take that. There's a couple of things behind the relatively modest reserving that you've seen so far compared to that $1 billion watch list. One is the average LTV of the portfolio and the price declines we've seen. What happens when we go through the foreclosure process is we have to mark that asset to the lower of the principal balance of the loan or the value of the asset. So when you're starting at a 60% LTV, you've got a fair amount of cushion before you start to realize losses on that mark. The second dynamic at play here is we are still in process on about half of that $1 billion of watch list, which means we are in workout negotiations with the borrower. Those can be very long-lasting, very intense and they can ebb and flow a lot of different directions. Once we get certainty that we expect to foreclose, we have to order a third-party appraisal. Those take time to come in. And as they come in, that's when we end up re-marking our assets. So it's a combination of our relatively conservative LTVs and the fact that we've still got about half that portfolio subject to appraisal.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW. You may now go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. My first question was on the changes you made to the FX hedging program. And I just wanted to confirm, you had a pretty major decline in the hedge costs in the third quarter versus the last couple of quarters. Just wanted to confirm that -- that's a reasonable expectation on the hedge cost going forward for the foreseeable future?
Max Broden: Yeah. Thank you, Ryan. Yes, I think what you saw in terms of hedge cost for the third quarter, it's a blend of us rolling into our new structure, so it's a mix between the old structure and the new structure. In terms of run rate hedge costs going forward, I do think that the third quarter hedge cost that you saw, it's certainly not going to be higher. We’re probably going to, on a run rate basis going forward, be at this level or slightly lower going forward in terms of actual hedge cost. That is obviously subject to capital markets inputs and everything that impacts the cost of a put option and also, to some extent, if we decide to increase our forward exposure in the future as well. So things like the FX volatility, interest rates, et cetera, will come into play here. But in the near future, I would expect our hedge cost to be similar to the third quarter level or slightly lower.
Ryan Krueger: And there's no offset anywhere else, right, that would drop to the bottom line?
Max Broden: Sorry, Ryan, I didn't quite catch that. Can you repeat?
Ryan Krueger: I just want to -- there's no offset anywhere else that would drop to the bottom line?
Max Broden: The way to think about this in terms of the P&L, this will drop to the bottom line. When you think about the P&L here, what we have done when we move gradually from using forwards to put options, what happens is that we are now increasing the volatility for small moves in the yen-dollar as it relates to our capital ratios in Japan, i.e., the SMR and ESR. So for a strengthening yen or a weakening yen, you're going to see slightly higher volatility in that ratio for small moves. But what the put options give us is that we have dramatically reduced the tails. So any dramatic moves or shock moves in the yen-dollar, we have reduced our risk exposure to those kind of events. And we feel that this is a very good risk reward for us.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then on the reinsurance transaction, the transaction you did last year, I think, freed up $900 million of capital. But then I think around half of it or so was retained and then the other half was available for redeployment to shareholders. On this next transaction, would you expect closer to all of it to be available to return to shareholders?
Max Broden: We will deploy the capital appropriately in the respective business units, and if we have good opportunities to deploy the capital there, we will do so. If we feel that we have significant surplus capital, it will be moved up to holding company. And the holding company will deploy it in the different sort of capital distributions that the holding company generally does, i.e., dividends, buybacks, et cetera.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. You may now go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to follow up to Tom's question on the US reserve releases. It sounded like some of the benefit here was lower hospitalizations in the US due to COVID. And I just want to understand, are you assuming that kind of that lower level of hospitalization sort of persist going forward? Or are you assuming some sort of reversion to historical trend?
Max Broden: Let me kick off on that question, and I would ask Al Riggieri to fill in any blanks and add his color as well. But the fact of the matter is that we have seen lower levels, generally speaking, in terms of hospitalizations come through. And we've also seen changes in the way treatments are being done, i.e. more outpatient treatments as well. So we believe that we have seen a shift in both the way hospitals are operating and also the way individuals are going for their treatments. And we have factored that in to some extent.
Al Riggieri: Yeah. This is Al Riggieri. Just to add in a little bit on that. Remember, the COVID period dropped all hospital utilization, treatment patterns. Many of that during COVID would have some ups and downs during the period as hospitals had more capacity and people would return and get elective surgeries and all that. What we did this year was begin to recognize that 2022 was the first year in the United States where you would say that the pandemic was kind of in the rearview mirror. So we broadened the experience for 2022. We did still remove the experience, very low experience during COVID period. We brought in the post-COVID period, we called it, for 2022. And as Max was saying, continued to see even in that period in '22, that we did have lower experience. So we've built that into the experience base or updating the assumptions.
Suneet Kamath: And I think, Max, you said you factored some of that into your reserve. Is it -- does that mean that if things sort of persist the way they are, that there would be the potential for some more reserve releases down the road?
Max Broden: We believe that we have adequately reflected sort of the new paradigm or the new experience that we're seeing now into our models. Now, please remember, these are obviously models. So what that means is that if these trends were to improve further than what we have experienced to date, there is the potential for further unlocking, favorable or negative. It can go the other way as well. We believe that we have reflected it to our best -- the best way we can, given the data that we see. And it's important that we do reflect it to the best way we can. But I also want to make sure that you understand that these are estimates and they can go both ways.
Suneet Kamath: Yeah. No, that makes sense. My other one is on Japan and the earned premium drop of 1.7% sort of adjusted. I would have thought at some point, the impact of the paid-up policies would sort of have run its course. And I know some of those policies were very long-dated, but I believe that they were sold quite a bit ago. So are we getting closer to the point where that impact is expected to fall off?
Max Broden: So when we look forward into the paid-up schedules, you are going to see a little bit of a drop in 2014 -- sorry, 2024, and then a further drop in 2025. And that's where I would say that I would expect us to run more on a normalized basis for paid-up. Keep in mind that the big sales that we had of the WAYS product, they really occurred in the 2012 through 2014 time period, and there was five-year pay and there were 10-year pay. So when you roll that forward, that's when you see that you get a little bit of a drop-off in 2024 and then further in 2025. That being said, paid-up is something that we generally build into our products, both first sector and third sector. But when we -- I wanted to mention 2024 and 2025 because that's when we move into a more normal schedule, and you're not necessarily going to see these more significant year-over-year deviations.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. You may now go ahead.
Marly Reese: Good morning. It's Marly on for Alex. I was hoping you could provide a little more color on the Japan Post sales and partnership. It looks like it's been progressing, so I was hoping to hear a little more on this versus the longer-term sales guidance.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] This is Yoshizumi. I oversee the entire sales in Japan. [Foreign Language] The sales of our cancer insurance, new cancer insurance wings and also lump-sum serious disease benefit rider continues to be very strong. [Foreign Language] We will continue to aim at growth in cancer insurance sales by providing sales support to the sales offices and post offices of Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance nationwide, including sales process management and the sharing of good practices. [Foreign Language] We are also actively working on the training and also developing of the sales agents across all the branches nationwide by sharing good practices and best practices. [Foreign Language] And we are expecting to have growth in sales even more by having all these activities done in a solid manner. [Foreign Language] And that's all for me.
Dan Amos: Yeah. I want to make one other comment. We've been waiting for Japan Post to come back for several years now. And we had assurances that they would do that and I'm happy to see it take place. They are our largest shareholder. And so what is good for us is good for them and vice versa. So I believe this is a strong alliance and will continue to be strong as we move forward.
Marly Reese: Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, if we could turn to capital a little bit, would you mind providing an update on what you view as near-term versus longer-term capital management priorities or capital deployment?
Max Broden: So obviously, the capital ratios in our subsidiaries, they are strong, and that's obviously priority number one to make sure that we have adequate and strong capital in our operating subsidiaries. And then obviously, we want to move operating cash flow up to the holding company and then deploy it from there. You did see that in the quarter, we bought back $700 million of our own stock. I view that as quite a strong capital deployment. And we also increased the dividend by 19% starting in the first quarter of next year. So overall, the company is generating significant cash flow, and we are deploying significant cash flow as well.
Marly Reese: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. You may now go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Fred, congrats on the retirement. Question is around Japan and the expense reduction efforts. I know there was a paperless effort and other expense efficiencies. Have you already completed any required software installations or do you have any planned upcoming? Thank you.
Fred Crawford: Why don't I just make a couple of comments on that, and then Koide-san can comment. But what we are focused on in Japan from an efficiency perspective is digitizing the platform. That's the major thrust of what we're looking at, which is a long-term plan of investment followed by returns. And that is a plan to digitize or increase the usage of digital applications away from paper applications, the use of digital self-service where policyholders go online and serve themselves through technology as opposed to inundating our call center and then claims payments or digital claims. We've been making steady progress on both the digital application front and on the customer self-service, but we are engaged currently in updating those tools. Think of it as no different than your iPhone 1 to iPhone 11. We are updating those tools to modernize them and improve the customer experience. We have been in a proof of concept over the last year and, in fact, have moved those digital adoption rates up. And so with that will come natural efficiencies over time but it will take time. So it's a long-term progress of moving customer and agent experience to digital and away from paper, but that will yield benefits. The claims side of it is more stubborn. And the reason for that has nothing to do with Aflac. It's because the Japanese healthcare system is a paper-based healthcare system that requires the exchange of paper forms when one goes to the doctor. That's really requiring a modernization of the healthcare system in Japan. And interestingly, they actually do have an effort underway to attempt to modernize or digitize the healthcare system. But until that takes place, our ability to process claims digitally will be somewhat contained. But over time, we expect to improve. So what you should expect as investors is that over the long time, we will be increasing that digital adoption. It will yield a lower per-policy expense outcome from an administrative standpoint, but it will be over multiple years of slow and steady progress because this is about adoption, it's not about installing software, okay?
John Barnidge: Very helpful. Thank you very much. And then on the investment portfolio, those properties you took keys, can you maybe talk about the occupancy rates in those versus the ones that remain on the watch list? Thanks a lot.
Brad Dyslin: Sure, thank you. The two properties that we took back, the current occupancy levels are in the low to mid-50s, which has been pretty stable since we first got involved and did the loan. The occupancy across the portfolio, it does range a fair amount. We've got a few that are below 50%, given the nature of the asset class, the nature of transitional real estate. But for the most part, our averages are right around the 55% to 65%.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. You may now go ahead. Pardon me, Wilma, your line is open for question.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. Good morning. Is it fair to think that Aflac can rewrite its hospital indemnity policies to comply with the potential DOL-HHS rule without compromising the attractiveness of the product? And has Aflac started to work on this? If so, does the burden appear manageable?
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil from the US. We absolutely are taking precautions to make sure that we prepare just in case the proposal does go through, and we are confident that we can do that. We've been continuing to enhance our benefits while current policies are out there. I think Dan stated earlier, we were clear that we've sold before in an environment without some of the pretax benefits that currently exist, and we're confident we'll be able to do that again. We have a random process here that we are always looking to innovate and reinvent our products and enhance our benefits. We demonstrated that this past year with our cancer enhancements we did that really had no additional cost to our policyholders. So you can expect more of the same related to that.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you. And then I just want to confirm, I know you guys sort of said it but I just want to make sure that I understand. In the reinsurance deal that you just recently completed, you freed up around $900 million of capital, and it sounds like that could either be used to reinvest or maybe ultimately for shareholder returns.
Max Broden: Yeah. Obviously, our priorities with all the capital that we have is always to deploy it into writing new business and use it in our operating entities. That is where we get generally the best IRR on that capital. If we cannot deploy it in our operating entities, then it will flow up to the holding company.
Wilma Burdis: But it was around $900 million is what you freed up for that?
Max Broden: Yeah, that is our estimate, yes.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. You may now go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you. When I think about the commercial loan portfolio, are the properties most at risk, those that have been more recently loaned to or the ones that have a longer vintage in terms of when they were established? And along those lines, when did you cool the deployment of new investment flows into commercial loans?
Brad Dyslin: Sure. Thank you, Josh. The loans that we're dealing with now that are on the watch list are those that were made a couple of years ago. The transitional real estate book is our biggest focus area, and that differs from a more traditional CML book in that the maturities are much shorter. They tend to be three-year fixed maturities with options to extend up to five, in some cases, up to seven years based on certain thresholds and the operating metrics being met. So what we're dealing with now are those maturities predominantly in 2023 and a few in 2024 as obviously, the maturity is coming up and when those loans need to be addressed, either being repaid or if that is not an option, then we get into the workout discussions. We have really substantially reduced our deployment into the asset class this year. Part of that is the market -- well, not part of it, it is frankly driven by the market. Very much a lack of activity. We're seeing a large bid ask between buyers and sellers. The increase in rates has really put valuations upside down. Buyers are trying to get -- take advantage of the current levels. Sellers are trying to get yesterday's prices, and we're just not seeing a lot of good, solid transactions, and there's a lack of liquidity in the market. So that's really limited our opportunities. And of course, we always adjust our underwriting standards to the current experience, to the current market. So we're being a little bit more difficult in our terms and conditions as well.
Josh Shanker: And then related, is there any way you can frame the capital consumption or rating agency charge for those two properties? What was it before they were converted into wholly-owned properties and what is it now?
Max Broden: Yeah. So when they move from being a CML to real estate owned, there is a significant uptick in terms of the capital charge associated with that. For us, it's still very small. So if you think about RBC points, it's very -- I would estimate it to be low single-digits. And as it relates to SMR, the same applies. When you then think about the -- you generally should think about the distribution on what balance sheet or capital base if they go into as follow it the same way the size of the investment portfolio is between the two segments, i.e., roughly 85% falls into Japan and 15% falls into the US.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you very much for that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wes Carmichael with Wells Fargo. You may now go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on capital a bit. Max, I know you said that your first priority is to deploy that within the subs on organic. But to the extent that there's not that opportunity, I just wanted to get your thoughts around potential M&A and given that you've got pretty significant excess at the holdco and subs.
Max Broden: Yeah. We -- if you think about what our track record, you have seen what we have done historically. Aflac has not been an acquisitive company. This is a company that is built selling one policy at a time. We've done a number of, I would call it, tuck-in acquisitions in the United States to broaden our product portfolio. And we do feel that we are in a good spot in terms of the products that we have to offer in our go-to-market strategy. So at this point, I don't see that we have any holes that need to be filled using M&A.
Wes Carmichael: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe just a follow-up on the middle market loan book away from commercial real estate, it seems like that's -- the book yield now is near 11%. So just wondering if you're seeing any terms and any collateral deterioration. And if interest rates remain high for a year or so, like, do you expect defaults within that portfolio?
Brad Dyslin: Yeah. Thank you. So far, we have been extremely pleased with the performance of the middle market loan portfolio. It is, frankly, performing better than we expected, given where we are at this point in the cycle. There are several reasons for that. And then ultimately, it boils down to fundamentals, underwriting and then how we've chosen to build the portfolio. We have a very small average loan size. We have maintained a discipline around only first-lien secured structures. We've kept leverage at a very modest level. We have maintained our use of strong covenants. And then ultimately, it's about good businesses, good companies with sound business plans that are seeing good top line growth and have the margins and cash flow, avoiding cyclical companies, and that's really played out. We have built this as our primary below-investment grade portfolio. So we do expect to incur some losses. But relative to the outsized yields we've received, they are really quite modest. And as I said, it is doing better than we expected at this point in the cycle. Going forward, we're going to have to wait and see just how the macro environment does. It does look like we've got the possibility of a soft or at least a soft-ish landing. And then how quickly rates turn around is something that we're going to watch very closely.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joel Hurwitz with Dowling & Partners. You may now go ahead.
Joel Hurwitz: Hey, good morning. So RBC is strong at over 650%, well above your 400% target. Can you just talk about plans in managing that down towards the target?
Max Broden: So obviously in the US, we are seeing some growth, and we're seeing some growth in lines of business that are driving a little bit more new business strain. And that's why we have, in the pandemic, we wanted to run with a little bit more capital and then coming out of the pandemic, we see a little bit higher strain associated with that growth that we are starting to see and expect to see come through. That has led us to run with a little bit higher RBC than what -- than the 400%. But we are at a point in time now where I would expect us over the next couple of years to really get down to that 400% level long term.
Joel Hurwitz: Okay. And do you expect that to be driven by the needs for growth or do you expect to actually draw that down with outsized dividends to the holdco?
Max Broden: The preferred option would be to drive it by growth because that's where we're getting the best returns on our capital by just writing more policies. At the same time, our -- even though we have some lines of business that are consuming a little bit more capital, overall, we're a relatively capital-light business. So given that we're operating at a 650% RBC right now, I don't see that growth alone will necessarily drive us all the way down to 400%. In order to do so, we probably would, over time, need to address our capital base through special dividends, et cetera.
Joel Hurwitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you, Anthony, and thank you all for joining us this morning. While we are not hosting our financial analyst briefing this year, we will be in 2024, but we will also be giving an outlook for 2024 on our fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. In the interim, please reach out to the Investor and Rating Agency Relations team if you have any questions, and we look forward to speaking to you then. Everyone, have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning and welcome. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated will touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments, will provide an update on the investments. Yesterday, after the close, we posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. We also posted under Financials on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real estate and middle market loans. In addition, Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, provided his quarterly video update addressing our financial results and current capital and liquidity. Max will be joining us for the Q&A segment of this call along with the following members of our executive management in the US: Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S.; Al Roziere, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac US. We are also joined by members of our executive management team from Aflac Life Insurance Japan: Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; Koichiro Yoshizumi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing and Alliance Strategy. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results.  As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-US GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David. And good morning. Glad you joined us. Reflecting on the second quarter of 2023, our management team, employees and sales distribution have continued to work tirelessly as dedicated stewards of our business. This has allowed us to be there for the policyholders when they need us most, just as we promised.  Aflac Incorporated delivered very strong earnings for both the quarter and the first six months. We remain actively focused on numerous initiatives in the United States and Japan around new products, distribution strategies to set the stage for future growth.  Looking at the operation in Japan, we have continued our rollout of our WINGS cancer insurance, and refreshed WAYS and Child Endowment policies. By introducing new refreshed products, we positioned our distribution channels for success, as Japan makes great strides in recovering from the pandemic.  I am very pleased with our new sales premium increase of a 26.6% increase in Japan. This reflects a 60% increase in cancer insurance sales versus the second quarter of 2022 and a significant contributor from Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance, which began selling our new cancer product in early April. I'm also pleased to see improvements in our sales through agencies and our other strategic alliances, Daido Life and Dai-ichi Life.  We also continue to gain new customers through WAYS and Child Endowment, while also increasing opportunities to sell out third sector products, which Fred will address in a moment.  Thus far, our product strategy has served us well. And I'm encouraged by our progress as we prepare for the anticipated mid-September launch of our new medical product. In addition to our products, we know how important it is for us to be where the customers want to buy insurance. Our extensive network of distribution channels, including agencies, alliance partners, and banks, allow us more opportunities to help provide financial protection to Japanese consumers, as we are working hard to support each channel.  Turning to the US, I remain encouraged by the continued productivity improvements of our agents and the contribution from growth initiatives. We continue to see success in our efforts to reengage our veteran associates. At the same time, we're seeing strong growth through brokers.  I'm very excited at our cancer protection insurance policy, which provides enhanced benefits at no additional cost. We know that when people experience the value of our products, it increases persistency which benefits our policyholders and lowers our expenses.  I believe that the need for the products and solutions we offer is strong or stronger than it's ever been before in both Japan and the United States. We are leveraging every opportunity and avenue to share this message with consumers.  As always, we are committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. We continue to generate strong investment results, while remaining in a defensive position as we monitor evolving economic conditions.  In addition, we have taken proactive steps in recent years to defend cash flow and deployable capital against a weakening yen. We remain committed to extending our track record of annual dividend increases, supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows.  At the same time, we remain in the market repurchasing shares with the tactical approach, focused on integrating the growth investments we have made in our platform to improve our strength and leadership position.  Overall, I think we can say that it's been a very strong quarter, especially with the vast number of factors that are in our favor. Aflac Japan had a strong quarter of sales as we executed product and distribution strategy. Aflac U.S. continued to build on its momentum as it nears pre-pandemic sales level.  Pre-tax profit margins remain very strong in Japan at 30.4% and in the US at 22.2%. Plus, our capital ratios remain very strong and our quarterly share repurchase was, like last quarter, one of the biggest in the company's history.  So with that, I'll turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick Crawford : Thank you, Dan. Let me begin by briefly commenting on conditions in Japan. As Dan commented on our revised cancer product, which we refer to as WINGS, is doing well, now introduced in the Japan Post group. Having rolled out WINGS in Japan Post, we are now at full strength with this refreshed product in all channels.  Our entire cancer platform, including in-force policyholders, is now supported by our Yorisou Cancer Consultation services. This platform provides conscientious care to cancer policyholders connecting them with non-insurance services.  In dialogue with key alliances and distribution partners, we continued to receive feedback that this platform is a differentiator in the marketplace. From a data perspective, our market research has shown a positive and meaningful impact to our net promoter scores.  The sales of WAYS and Child Endowment continues to deliver on our strategy of attracting younger and new policyholders, along with cross sell performance. Since the launch of our refreshed WAYS product, approximately 80% of sales are to younger customers below the age of 50. This cohort of younger buyers has driven a concurrent third sector sales rate of approximately 50%.  Looking forward, we anticipate launching our new medical product mid-September. As mentioned last quarter, this product design has been simplified to appeal to both younger policyholders with basic needs, and older or existing policyholders who desire upgrading coverage.  As we move through the natural product renewal cycles, we believe simplifying our products is key to driving sales productivity, attracting new and younger policyholders, and lowering our operating costs.  Turning to operations, we are pleased with our expense ratio traveling below 20% in the first half of the year and in the face of continued revenue pressure. We are actively working to increase digital adoption focused on new business applications, customer self-service and claims. As we look forward, we anticipate increased levels of investment to drive digital adoption, with the goal of remaining competitive by lowering our long term operating expenses on a per policy basis.  Turning to the US, our second quarter results followed a similar pattern as the first quarter with individual, dental and vision, group life and disability and consumer markets, all contributing to sales growth.  Group voluntary sales has been down modestly from a strong 2022. However, we remain encouraged by the level of quoting activity that we believe positions us for a stronger second half of the year.  Our growth platforms of dental and vision, group life and disability, and consumer markets are beginning to have a more material impact on performance. In aggregate. sales produced by these platforms are up over 50%, albeit off a smaller and building base.  With the build largely behind us, we are focused on driving scale, stabilizing new platforms and leveraging our ability to bundle core voluntary products as we work with brokers on larger groups.  We are absorbing a pace of investment in growth platforms that pressures our expense ratio, but naturally precedes revenue development. This is particularly the case in our group life and disability business, which is more capital intensive.  As we settle into operating these platforms, we're also refining our approach to drive expense efficiencies and a long term path to profitability, in some cases making decisions around business we choose to exit and opportunities we aggressively pursue.  Last quarter, we commented on our renewed focus on product development in the US. Our refreshed cancer product is up roughly 23% and still in the early stages of rollout. Of all the critical illnesses, cancer remains the most frequent and devastating to families and their financial security, and we have high expectations for this product.  Last week, we announced a new group voluntary term life product, which is part of an important effort to increase our overall worksite and life sales. We have lagged in terms of life sales and see this product line as an area where we have market share opportunity. Like cancer insurance, this is a product that should contribute to improved persistency.  We are pleased to see a return to earn premium growth in the US and modest recovery in persistency. We continue to drive utilization through wellness campaigns and benefit endorsements to in-force policies, with the objective of improved sales, persistency and driving core revenue growth.  Now, let me pause and I'm going to turn the call over to Brad Dyslin to bring you current on the health of our investment portfolio with a focus on the loan book. Brad?
Bradley Dyslin : Thank you, Fred. During the last quarter's call, we provided an update on our loan portfolios with a special focus on our middle market direct lending and real estate mortgage holdings. I am pleased to report that both of these portfolios continue to perform in line with the expectations we shared last quarter.  Let me start with commercial real estate. As a reminder, most of our exposure is to transitional properties, where we make short-term floating rate loans to facilitate the assets repositioning in the local market.  TRE comprises $6.4 billion, or about three-fourths of our total $8.1 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio, with the balance held in more traditional longer term fixed rate loans. Our commercial real estate loan watchlist has remained constant at approximately $900 million and consists almost entirely of TRE office properties.  The workout process for these loans is complex, and negotiations with the property's owner tend to be very fluid, a dynamic we follow very closely. As a result, our foreclosure watchlist gets updated relatively frequently as negotiations with the property owner ebb and flow. However, the total value of these loans has also remained relatively stable, with only a modest increase from first quarter.  As we mentioned last quarter, when a loan foreclosure is likely to occur, we must mark the carrying value of our loan to the fair market value of the underlying property assets. With our average loan-to-value of 65%, this accounting process resulted in a small $11 million of additional reserves in the quarter. This brings the total amount of additional reserves recognized in the first half of the year to $21 million, which represents about 26 basis points of our $8.1 billion total commercial real estate portfolio, and is the result of property value declines generally in the range of 25% to 40%, price drops that are in line with those of the financial crisis. If you simply apply a 40% price decline across our entire $900 million watchlist, we would expect very manageable additional reserves of $50 million.  Once the property goes into foreclosure proceedings, we no longer accrue interest on the loan, but instead realize the net operating income from the property. Given the transitional nature of these properties, we will see a decline in net investment income from this change. When considering overall investment performance, we do not expect this to have a material impact to enterprise NII.  While we are not immune from the industry pressure in commercial real estate, we remain confident in the quality of the property supporting our loans. Our strong capital position and ample liquidity allow us to be a patient investor as we manage through the downturn to maximize our overall economics.  I am pleased to report our portfolio of loans to middle market companies continues to perform well and is exceeding our expectations for credit losses at this point in the cycle. Recall this is our primary outlet for below investment grade exposure and was purposely built with a quality bias to perform well during difficult periods for credit.  Our strategy of allowing only modest levels of first lien leverage on growing companies in non-cyclical industries, owned by supportive sponsors, is delivering strong risk adjusted returns.  Finally, you may have seen the announcement last month that Varagon Capital is being acquired by Man Group, a leading UK alternative asset manager. As part of this transaction, as was announced, we are exiting our equity position in Varagon, but will remain a major client.  We generated strong returns on this strategic investment, realizing over 3 times our invested capital, in addition to solid performance on the $3 billion of middle market loans Varagon had managed for us the last three plus years. Varagon has proven to be a great partner and terrific investor and we are excited about their future as part of the Man Group.  Our relationship with Varagon and our other current strategic equity partners is a valuable part of our strategy for accessing certain specialized private asset classes that have a strategic role in our portfolio. We continue to invest significant amounts in these high value-add forms of private credit. We look forward to continuing to execute on the strategy and creating additional value through an ownership presence in these important asset classes.  Let me turn it back to Fred.
Frederick Crawford : Thank you, Brad. As Brad noted, we follow the disciplined approach that began with building out our external manager program that matured into taking a minority interest in select managers. These investments have produced strong returns and we intend to expand upon this strategy as opportunities present themselves.  Market conditions remain volatile as both the US and Japan economies go through a period of transition. Last week featured moves by both the Fed and the BOJ. The US is looking to calm down inflation and avoid recession, while Japan continues to maintain its ultra loose monetary policy as economic and inflationary uncertainty remain high.  As Max noted in his recorded comments, through investment strategy, hedging, and capital engineering, we have greatly reduced our enterprise economic exposure to movements in the yen. In addition, our low asset leverage places us in a naturally strong position to absorb weak or volatile economic conditions and maintain capital deployment plans.  I'll now turn it back to David to take us to Q&A. David?
David Young : Thank you, Fred. Before we take questions, I want to ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a follow-up before getting back in the queue to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. And, Joe, we will now take that first question.
Operator: Our first question will come from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. 
Tom Gallagher: It was encouraging to see the growth in Japanese sales. I guess the question I have related to it is two parts. One is, how do you see the contribution from Japan Post building out? Is that continued gradual slow ramp or are you seeing any signs of stronger acceleration there?  I guess the follow-up is, while there were good sales, the overall top line in terms of earned premium was a bit soft. So, can you talk about your expectations for earned premium and what's weighing on that and not allowing the sales improvement to necessarily translate? 
Frederick Crawford: Let me let me start by making just a couple of comments. And then I'll hand off to some of the folks around the table to contribute. Tom, this is Fred.  First on sales results and Japan Post in the quarter, as you may know or may remember, based on our alliance, we don't comment on some of the specific results coming out of those channels. But what we certainly can say is that the launch of the cancer product in the quarter was the majority contributor to the increase in cancer sales that you saw in our results. For example, in the first quarter without being launched in Japan Post, our sales were up in cancer around 25% or so. And as Dan mentioned in his comments, in the second quarter, we were up around 60%. And you can safely assume the majority contributor of that was from Japan Post.  Your question then is what about continuation. And our view is that there is still much more runway in Japan Post over the long term, predominantly as they build efficiency in their distribution channel and more and more agents take on the cancer product and begin producing. So, we do think that there's a continuation of upside in Japan Post. However, it is also the case that, commonly, right when you launch the product, you'll have an immediate jump in sales in the early months followed by a calming down.  But let me just turn to Yoshizumi-san and/or Koide-san if they'd like to comment or add any color beyond what I just said.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] This is Yoshizumi-san. Let me answer your question regarding JP.  [Foreign Language] Well, let me mention about that new products launched into the Japan Post channel. The cancer product in the Japan Post channel was launched in April. And towards this April timing, we have been conducting trainings to the Japan Post company, the postal company as well as Japan Post Insurance since January throughout their entire nationwide post offices.  [Foreign Language] We do believe that steady increase of sales by the Japan Post has a result of us conducting these kinds of trainings as well as offering our support to them directly after the launch of the product. [Foreign Language] And since the second quarter between Japan Post and Aflac, we have been confirming each layer, each level sales process at the management level and we'll be managing these processes at each level. [Foreign Language] And what that means is that we will try to identify where the issues are at each management level. And we are checking those items on a monthly basis. And we are also offering solutions to these issues and solving them on a monthly basis. [Foreign Language] As a result of all of these, we do believe that cancer sales will gradually increase going forward as well.
Frederick Crawford: Tom, your second question was related to revenue in Japan and how to think about it. obviously, having to take into account both our reinsurance agreement and paid up policy, so I'll ask Todd to address that.
Todd Daniels: I think that one thing to remember when we went to LDTI accounting. We had to move our deferred profit liability from the benefits line to the earned premium line. And that's going to create a little bit of noise, in that it's not going to be as stable as it was before.  But as Fred said, the reinsurance transaction that we entered into at the beginning of the year caused about ¥8 billion reduction in earned premium in the quarter. The paid up impact is also still there. And that was, again, about ¥8 billion. When you normalize for those two factors and considering the DPL, we're still in the right in the middle of the range that we gave for guidance for earned premium at approximately minus 1.9%.
Max Broden: Tom, I would just add as well, if you look at it long term, for us, to sort of get to a level where we are replacing the business that is falling off, i.e. get to an earned premium growth of zero, we need to essentially get back for all distribution channels to pre-pandemic levels in terms of production and also have the Japan Post channel get back to a restored production level.
Operator: And our next question will come from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First one I had for you is on some of the comments that were made in the remarks video that you all post. It was mentioned that the [indiscernible] are continuing to run favorable in what you're seeing in the claims activity and the benefit ratios. I was just interested what the updated view is on whether that's temporary, associated with utilization levels, potentially being temporarily depressed versus maybe something that you guys have just seen longer term and that you potentially need to adjust in your long term assumptions?
Daniel Amos: This is Dan. I kind of mentioned that [indiscernible] Todd or whoever. But it has continued to run at a lower rate than we have anticipated year after year after year. And we have tried to counter that with different things from increased benefits on certain policies when a new one came out, but for some reason you're seeing more and more trends to do – well, we know one, outpatient treatments and things of that nature as we're seeing changes take place where we have to adapt accordingly. But some of the policyholders don't change over policies. And that's something that we continue to monitor and encourage people to do.  If you specifically want to talk about US, that's a great example. The wellness benefit hadn't been used as much. So we have really encouraged that. We're seeing that improvement. And we feel like that will be reflected in a positive manner. I think Virgil might touch on that, if he's around to say something. Virgil?
Virgil Miller: Yes, utilization continues to be our focus in the US. We have launched a series of wellness campaigns really driving our policyholders to leverage the coverage. I think Fred or Dan mentioned that we've seen over a 22% increase in wellness utilization during that time period, which started about the first quarter of the year. And we're going to continue to do that.  Our main thing is to drive and demonstrate value. We know that the average American has less than $1,000 in savings out there. So there's a benefit to them that make sure they're prepared for any unexpected medical event. And also, getting regular checkups will help anyone that gets diagnosed with some catastrophic disease like cancer. It helps them, of course, be able to get the right treatment and save their lives. So we're going to continue to push on that. And I expect us to see continued improvement going forward.
Max Broden: Alex, just to sort of add in terms of utilization, if you think about it, the US is absolutely out of the pandemic. And you should expect the utilization to sort of get back to sort of as normal level at this point. I think we're still a little bit off where we should expect some rebound on utilization. But, definitely, the vast majority of the benefits that we offer should run at more normal levels at this point.  And so, what we're doing, as Dan and Virgil alluded to, we are enhancing our products for that because we have not seen utilization bounce back to pre-pandemic levels. And so why is that? Well, there are some fundamental differences that have happened during the pandemic. There's definitely less usage of emergency rooms that we see in the data, greater use of local facilities, greater use of outpatient services rather than in-hospital services. All of this leads to lower claims utilization overall for us. If you go to Japan, we continue to see the long term trends of shorter hospitalization stays, especially as it relates to cancer. We have seen first diagnosis, i.e. diagnosis of cancer, bounce back to more normal levels. But the surgeries and hospitalization trends are still pretty muted. And we believe that that's more driven by greater use of outpatient services as well in Japan as well because we see that increase.  Overall, the mathematic effect of this is that it leads to a lower benefit ratio overall for us if these trends continue to stay in place.
Alex Scott: A follow-up I had is just on Japanese interest rates. I was interested in just how it affects your strategy in terms of – if you all are thinking through different products that you may emphasize more in higher rate environment, as well as on the investment side, choices you're making between USD investing and yen investing?
Frederick Crawford: I'll let Brad comment on the asset allocation question. I think relative to the business model, as you may know from some of our previous comments, we continue to work on what we call internally, our asset formation product strategy in Japan. That's most notably surrounding the WAYS product and refreshment and refinement of the WAYS product, training and development around that product and working with customers and then, of course, an emphasis on cross selling.  What we've also mentioned, Alex, in the past is that not only as a recent recovery – I'd put recovery in quotes, of course – but recovery in rates in Japan helped with supporting those types of products. Also, importantly, is building out our reinsurance strategy because there's no question reinsurance is going to play into the long term viability of those types of products and maintaining economic value as a company.  So, yes, some rise in rates is supportive of asset formation products. And we pay attention to that. But as you can see, there's a long way to go before we characterized the rate environment as supportive of strong profitability in those products. You still need some heavy engineering. And you absolutely are in that business for the cross sell experience and bringing younger policyholders into the fold that we can cross sell into the future.  Brad, comments on…?
Bradley Dyslin: In terms of investment activity, the rise in yen rates is certainly welcome news. It's been a long time since we've had these kinds of levels. But one of the biggest issues we face in Japan is finding attractive spread products. And that remains our biggest challenge. We continue to take advantage of those opportunities when we can find them. We have been relatively successful in finding yen credit where we can get an acceptable level of pickup over JGB yields for what we think is a pretty acceptable level of risk. And although the rising race is definitely welcome, it still pales in comparison to what we're able to get in some of the dollar assets. So we'll continue to always be active there, but you shouldn't expect to see a big wholesale change in strategy, at least not yet. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: I want to go back to some of the comments that you're making on utilization, both in Japan and the US. It seems like things are moving in the right direction. My question is how quickly did these benefits get reflected in your financial statements under this kind of remeasurement concept in LDTI? My thought was historically these impacts would take a while to kind of feather in. But I'm wondering, if under LDTI, does this get reflected in your financials much faster?
Max Broden: Suneet, they definitely come into our financials faster than they've done historically. And it's because we run these remeasurements each quarter and reset the net premium ratio for our forward reserves. So, therefore, you get it into the results much quicker.
Suneet Kamath: I guess where are we with that now? Should we expect some of these benefits that you saw here in 2Q to persist going forward? Or is it more – you've baked in these lower utilization trends and so, going forward, we need to see them decline even more to get incremental benefits?
Max Broden: We true-up our reserves for recent experience and to our best estimate. And then going forward, what that means is that for you to get lower reserves in the future, you need to have an improved trend. If the utilization stays at this level, our reserves are adequate. If you were to have worsening trends, the opposite would then occur.
Suneet Kamath: My follow-up is just on persistency in Japan. I just noticed that it fell below 94%, which is something we haven't seen in a while. Just wondering if you can unpack that a little bit. Is this lapse/reissue related to the new cancer product? Or is there something else going on?
Frederick Crawford: I'll ask Todd to comment on it. But you pretty much answered your own question. It has a lot to do with the introduction of cancer and natural replacement activity. Todd?
Todd Daniels: I think that we saw a lower lapse and reissue rate during the quarter than we did first quarter. And that's typical. As we launch a new product, we expect that to wane over time. With the product being launched in the Japan Post channel, we did have some lapse and reissue activity during the quarter. But it's within our expectation, and it's still running somewhere around 50%.
Max Broden: When you naturally have sales running lower than lapses, by definition, the age of the block increases. And when you have an older and more mature block, you're going to get higher lapses from it as well. 
Frederick Crawford: One thing that I'd really like to add when we have this conversation, particularly spending some time in Japan and with the team is, we proactively promote the notion of an existing policyholder with an older cancer policy replacing their policy if it's in their best interest, if it serves them economically and from a benefit and overall quality of coverage perspective. And we do that because it's good for the customer. But we also do it because it brings that customer into our shops and allows for face to face interaction between our distribution partners and their clients. And that often leads to cross sell – cross sell activity with the individual, but also cross sell activity with their family members, as the agents have a chance to engage. And so, please realize that we don't actually look to avoid or curtail lapse and reissue activity. It's actually part of the strategy. And it's particularly important on the cancer side, as you can imagine.
Daniel Amos: Because we have Koide here from Japan, being President of Aflac Japan, I just think it's important for him to say a couple of words because we had such a stellar performance with sales and things. So, Koide, would you just – I'll ask the question, tell us how things are going in Japan.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] As our sales results show, the cancer insurance product that we launched newly in August last year called WINGS, it's going extremely well. [Foreign Language] We now sell in cancer, WINGS, through all channels because we had somewhat a progressive launch of this product starting August last year with our associates and then in January this year, Dai-ichi Life and [indiscernible] has introduced it, and then in April of this year did the Japan Post has launched its product. [Foreign Language] Well, all distribution channel sales has been active of surrounding this new cancer product. Because of the new product launch, it is obviously the case that things will become very active. But at the same time, the Japanese society's economic activities have recovered during the same time. So with these two factors, I think the product has been extremely well. [Foreign Language] And our cancer new product competitiveness has increased as well. As Fred mentioned earlier, we now have this support service called Yorisou Cancer Consultation service, which is somewhat of a concierge service for our customers. And by having this integrated with our cancer product, it is also pushing the sales as well. [Foreign Language] And we're also preparing to launch a new medical product with very good competitiveness in September.  [Foreign Language] So as a result of all these things that are going well, all our employees in Aflac Japan as well as our sales people in our distribution channel, all channels are extremely motivated to do more sales.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wes Carmichael with Wells Fargo. 
Wes Carmichael: I'm hoping you could just talk a little bit about the lapse in persistency trends in Aflac U.S. It looks like it's improving a bit, but maybe you can help us with your expectation for how that should trend from here and maybe any impact on the expense ratios. I think that's been a little bit elevated by lapses.
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil. Let me first say that I'm pleased with the stabilization that you see that's occurring with our persistency rate. So this quarter, we came in at 78.2%. It's about 10 basis points higher than last year. I mentioned in Q1, we have done quite a few conservative efforts to go after this. We have stood up, what I call, office of the persistency, which is really a team of data scientists that's been 24 hours a day looking at different efforts that we can really do. So I think that you're going to see even more to come from that.  Today, what you heard me say earlier is mainly about driving utilization. We're really pushing out campaigns for wellness. What we did in Q1 and Q2 was more of a shotgun approach, reminding everyone that has those benefits within those policies to go out and find those wellness claims. What you'll see us doing going forward now is more of a – what I would call a more strategic or surgical attack, which is around event driven notifications. For example, if someone recently got married or they have a birthday, we're going to be reaching out there to remind them to utilize those benefits that we have.  Overall, you saw that the persistency plus the 6.4% increase we had in US sales drove to higher earned premiums for us. That earned premium rate was up about 2.2%. And that's really what's happening right now. The growth is what's happened to balance our expense ratios. We still see higher expenses right now with our investments, our growth initiatives. But those growth initiatives did contribute about 48% growth in the second quarter toward our revenue.  Let me just ask Steve Beaver, our CFO in the US to see if he wants to come in any further.
Steven Beaver: I'll just add that, remember, the activity around driving persistency takes time to emerge in a 12-month rolling metric. But we do expect, like Max said in his video, it will help us bend that curve and lower the expense ratio going forward.
Max Broden: Wes, the impact on the second quarter expense ratio from higher-than-normal back amortization was about 50 basis points.
Wes Carmichael: I just wanted to kind of clarify, maybe a follow-up to Tom's question, but on net earned premium growth in Japan, I think it was impacted by 260 basis points related to the reinsurance transaction and some lapses. I just want to clarify, for the rest of 2023, do you think that roughly 6-ish-percent decline is reasonable for the full year and then it kind of moves back into that 1.5% to 2.5% decline in 2024? Just wondering your thoughts on that. 
Max Broden: The impact from reinsurance will continue throughout the year, and I would expect it to be running at that level. The impact from paid up and the DPL impact, it was rather high in this quarter. It's going to be a quite a volatile number overall. But I will just note that it was – we deem it to be quite high this quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, just a question on the upcoming launch of the medical product in mid-September. Should we assume that going into that sales of medical policies will be depressed as agents are sort of waiting for the new product to be rolled out? Or is that already in your numbers in 2Q as well?
Frederick Crawford: Why don't we have our team here in Japan comment on that. So, Yoshizumi-san, the question is, is there a natural pullback in medical when there's anticipation of a new medical product to come later in the year?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] I'll answer the question. [Foreign Language] So since we are selling our products in multi-channel, let me start out with associates channel. In the associates channel, as we launch our medical product soon, what I need to talk about is the cancer product that we launched in August last year. And since the cancer product will have gone around a cycle of a year, that sales will go down. [Foreign Language] But then when we look at other channels that only sell cancer product such as the Japan Post channel, Dai-ichi Life and Daido Life, it will not have been a year since they launched new cancer WINGS. And there should not be any impact on medical insurance. Sorry, there should not be any impact on cancer sales for the medical launch.
Daniel Amos: [Technical Difficulty] any time that we come out with a new product, it always has some impact. So we're taking that as being a standard, no matter what. If it's a new cancer, it affects medical. If it's a new medical, it's cancer. Because everyone goes to the easiest thing to sell. And so, something new and sparkly always looks better. So that's going to always happen. But the variation can be such. But, all in all, that's part of the system. That's why we're constantly having to upgrade is because we have to show that competitors come out with new things. We have to come out with new things. But because it isn't actual expenses, but fixed cost, we have to do this.
Jimmy Bhullar: As you think of the longer term, the alliance with the Post, what's your view on the likelihood of that being expanded beyond just cancer? Or do you think it's unlikely given that they've already got other providers for some of the other products?
Daniel Amos: Well, I don't think you ever say never. And you also remember that they're our largest shareholder. Those are positive things that we'll look at going forward. Fred, you've got any comment?
Frederick Crawford: No, I agree, Dan. I think, right now, what we focus on is just expanding within the line of cancer, meaning so when looking at refreshing our cancer product, we also have lumpsum critical illness that we include. We also have, as I mentioned earlier, this Yorisou cancer consulting service. And so, quite honestly, what we're focusing on now with Japan Post is not just cancer sales, but how do we expand and enrich the overall activity within that cancer line of business.  So I think what you can assume is anything that comes out or any developments or innovation around the cancer line of business, that we will certainly deploy that within the Japan Post system.
Operator: And our next question will come from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Looking at the turnaround in premium growth in the US, it's very favorable. Is there any senior management type compensation to support the turnaround growth specifically at the company?
Max Broden: Essentially, all of it, both senior management and employees, have incentive compensation based on earned premium.
Joshua Shanker: And is that targeted? Can you go into how that works a little bit?
Max Broden: You mean in terms of specific levels?
Joshua Shanker: Is it above a certain target? There's a long term compensation grant. Is there a trajectory? How should we think about how invested the company is in growing premium?
Max Broden: In the short term, it's outlined in our proxy and you can see our MIP targets there.
Joshua Shanker: And that's true for both the Japan business and the US business?
Max Broden: That is correct. 
Daniel Amos: We try our best to keep these tied together to our bonuses to where – when you're happy, we're happy. Or we're happy, you're happy. So if you look at those, you will see that. That's a very important part of our board function under the compensation committee that we tie that together,
Frederick Crawford: You'll see very clearly in each segment, US and Japan, there's both sales and earned premium targets. And then as you can imagine, we cascade that down and get more particular by line of business when we get down to executives or officers that are in charge more directly to a particular line of business. So the concept of earned premium is an essential piece of how we compensate.
Max Broden: Josh, just to remind you that the earned premium outlook that we gave for the year 2023 and 2024 is a CAGR of 3% to 5% earned premium growth.
Joshua Shanker: I'm aware of that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Hughes of Truist Securities. 
Mark Hughes: This is actually Maxwell Fritscher. I'm calling on behalf of Mark Hughes. So looking at the total recruited agent count, it looks like it reduced to 4% year-over-year. On a tough comp, though, and up 6% sequentially. I was just wondering if you could give me an outlook or what the environment looks like for recruiting and the labor market right now.
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil for the US. Actually, I will tell you, I'm sitting very pleased with our performance for the first half of the year. To your point, we did see a decline in the second quarter. But if you look underneath some of the numbers, I look at the lead indicators. We had strong recruitment in January, February, March, April and May. The climb really happened in June. If you look at for the first six months, so we're sitting about 8% up. If you look at the actual career agents themselves, we had a strong increase in Q1 at about 35%. So we're sitting about – I'll be specific on a number. We got about 600 more than I really expected this time of year.  What that really means to me, though, is we've got a great opportunity, which we did in June to really push on productivity and conversions. We have first year conversions up 5.2%, and then really driving to our average weekly producers. So, average weekly producer number is up again for the quarter over 2%. That's really what we're trying to do. We're bringing them into the pipeline, we're getting quality recruits, we're getting them converted, we happen to drive productivity, and then we're looking to turn them into average weekly producers.  So, I will tell you that recruiting is favorable for the remainder of the year. We really don't see any major headwinds out there. But we will take those recruits, convert them and get them average weekly producers. Som looking forward to an even stronger second half of the year.
Daniel Amos: Let me make a comment about recruiting for the past. And we have to remember we're in a post pandemic period. But our track record for the past has been that, with high unemployment, people tend to come selling for us because they can't get a job on the south. So they're working on commission. That's not limited to Aflac. Anybody that's in that business – most people prefer a salary with a bonus versus all commission. So that's the first point.  But on the other hand, when you have high unemployment, recruiting becomes more difficult. But at the workplace, there are more people to enroll. So the people that are selling are seeing more people at the worksite. It will be interesting, what happens here is we see more people working from home. We're seeing that there – I was in a restaurant the other day that it was closed for lunch because they couldn't get enough people to work there. So, these things are happening, and we're having to do that.  But I would say, considering that it's hard to find employees, certainly at the lower levels, it tells you that we're doing a pretty good job. And I give kudos to Virgil and their team for what they're doing because it is a little bit uncharted waters because the tradition of the way we've been doing it, I've just got to see how it falls out. So I want to make that comment.
Virgil Miller: To that point, Dan, we had that baked into our numbers. So that's what I mean when I say we're on target with our expectations. I mentioned in Q1, you won't see these humongous numbers we used to see in the past, right? And that's why you see a concerted effort on making sure we convert who we have. It's going pretty well for us this year.
Frederick Crawford: If we could for a minute before we go to the next question, Jimmy had asked a question earlier about our expansion opportunities in Japan Post. And as Dan mentioned, our president, Koide-san, is here with us today this morning in Columbus and he would like to add just a few comments about the Japan Post alliance. Koide-san.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Koide once again. Let me just add a little bit on what we are doing with the Japan Post group or the Japan Post Insurance. We are actually doing a lot of collaboration in various areas. For example, apart from the cancer insurance sales, we are also working with Japan Post Insurance Group to have concierge service on nursing care area. And on top of that, we are also doing some startup acceleration program together with the Japan Post Insurance Group. So as you can see, we are working with the Japan Post group outside of cancer insurance area as well. That's all. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks. 
David Young : Thank you, Joe. That concludes our call. I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. Please reach out to the investor relations team if you have any questions and we look forward to speaking with you soon and wish you all continued good health. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference is now concluded Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen0only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Ratings Agency Relations and ESG. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning and welcome. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated is joining us from Japan and will touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments will discuss the investment portfolio and its positioning given recent market events and volatility. Yesterday after the close, we posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. Under financials and the menu of that site, we also posted several slides of investment details related to our bank, commercial real estate and middle market loan exposure. In addition, Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, provided his quarterly video update addressing our financial results and current capital and liquidity. Max will be joining us for the Q&A segment of this call along with the following members of our Executive Management in the U.S. The following Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S.; Al Roziere, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac US. We are also joined by members of our Executive Management team at Aflac Life Insurance Japan: Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; Koichiro Yoshizumi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing and Alliance Strategy. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning. And we're glad you joined us. Reflecting on the first quarter of 2023, our management team, employees and sales distribution, have continued to be devoted stewards of our business. Being there for the policyholders when they need us most just as we promised. The first quarter marked a good start to the year. Aflac delivered another quarter of solid earnings results, especially considering our material weakening of the yen. Looking at our operations in Japan and as noted last quarter, we are actively focused on numerous initiatives in Japan involving new and refreshed products and distribution that continues to cover from the -- as we recover from the pandemic. In addition, we are encouraged by the planned May reclassification of COVID-19 to the same level as influenza as Japan continues to emerge from the pandemic. I am pleased with the continued sales improvements, which reflect the ongoing rollout of our cancer insurance policy initially through associates and Daido Life followed by Dai-ichi Life and the financial institutions. First quarter sales also reflected the refreshed first sector ways in child endowment products, which we're using as a way of reaching new customers to whom we can also sell third sector products, including cancer and medical products. I'm also encouraged by the fact that Japan Post Group began selling our new cancer insurance product earlier this month. We expect this close collaboration to produce continued gradual improvement of Aflac's cancer insurance sales over the immediate term and to further position the companies for the long-term. In addition to product, another important element of our growth strategy is our intense focus on being where the customer wants to buy insurance. Our broad network of distribution channels, including agencies, alliance, partners and banks continually optimize opportunities to help provide financial protection to Japanese consumers. And we are working hard to support each channel. Turning to the U.S. while the first quarter tends to generate the lowest sales of the year, I'm encouraged by the continued improvement in the productivity of our agent and brokers, as well as the contribution from the build out of our network, dental and vision and group life and disability. We are seeing success in our efforts to reengage veteran associates and at the same time we are seeing strong growth through brokers. I'm very excited that we're in the process of refreshing our cancer protection assurance policy with increased benefits at no additional cost. We believe this will increase persistency, which will benefit our policyholders and lower our expenses. I believe that the need for the products we offer is stronger or stronger than it has ever been before in both Japan and the United States. At the same time, we know consumer habits, buying preferences have been evolving. We also know that our products are sold not bought. As we communicate the value of our products, we know that a strong brand alone is not enough. We must paint a better picture of how our products help address the gap that people face when they get medical treatment. We continue to reinforce our leading position and build on that momentum. As always, we continue to prudent liquidity and capital management. We continue to generate strong investment results, while remaining in a defensive position as we monitor evolving economic conditions. In addition, we've taken proactive steps in recent years to defend cash flows and deployable capital against the weakening yen. We treasure our track record of dividend growth, highlighted by 2022 marking the 40th consecutive year of dividend increases. We remain committed to extending this track record, supported by the strength of a capital and cash flows. At the same time, we remain in the market repurchasing shares with tactical approach focused on integrating the growth investments we've made in the platform to improve our strength and leadership position. We also believe in the underlying strength of our business, and our potential for continued growth in the United States and Japan, two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. We are well positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth, while also ensuring we deliver on a promise to the policyholders. I'm proud of what we've accomplished in terms of both our social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong long-term shareholder return. Now, I'll turn the program over to Fred in Japan. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Let me first begin with brief comments on our Japan and U.S. operations. As Dan noted, we're off to a promising start. The revised cancer product is doing well and now supported by our Yorisou Cancer Consultation Platform. This providing Concierge’s care to cancer policyholders and connecting them with non-insurance services. As we look ahead this year, we are focused on the following here in Japan. Continued recovery with our longstanding alliance partners fueled by a refreshed cancer product and joint marketing and training support. Based on our preliminary read of activity levels within Japan Post, the Wings product appears to be off to a promising start and gaining traction. We are preparing to launch a new medical product in the fourth quarter. We are operating in a highly competitive environment with medical product representing 70% of the third sector marketplace. We are focused on simplifying the product and appealing to both younger policyholders with basic needs and older or existing policyholders, who desire upgrading to a more comprehensive coverage. The sale of WAYS is delivering on our strategy of attracting younger policyholders and cross sell activity. We are primarily selling in our associates channel and are being cautious with respect to selling in the bank channel with limited volume expected. We understand that over the long-term, leveraging the bank channel will require marrying a competitive medical and cancer product with a formal asset formation strategy to drive shelf space. Finally, our short-term insurance subsidiary SUDACHI launched a line of affordable term medical and cancer products in April. We anticipate a modest level of sales as measured in annualized premium. The focus is on introducing young first time buyers to the importance of medical and cancer insurance to then upgrade to more comprehensive coverage in the future. From an operations perspective, we are pleased with our expense ratio coming in below 20% in the phase of continued revenue pressure. This is in part a cumulative result of addressing expenses over the past few years. Turning to the U.S., we have discussed our balanced attack and this remains the case with individual, dental and vision, group life and disability and consumer markets all contributing to sales growth in the quarter. The underlying signs of momentum remain encouraging in our agent driven small business franchise recruiting the number of average weekly producers and agent productivity are all up in the quarter. Dental and vision sales increased 40% in the quarter with continued strength in cross sell of core voluntary products. While this is traditionally a slower quarter in the life and disability markets, our platform is off to a strong start for the year. Finally, we are encouraged by consumer markets sales up 29% in the quarter and with new products gaining traction and alliances coming online. With expanded business lines and new distribution channels, product development is a key focus in the U.S. We have launched a refreshed approach to cancer as Dan mentioned, we've advanced coverage for mental health conditions and are adding non-insurance services to our group disability products. We are proactively driving benefit utilization through wellness campaigns and benefit endorsements to in-force policies. We know that utilization drives persistency. In terms of operations, our expense ratio remains elevated, but as Max commented on in his recorded remarks, roughly 300 basis points are due to the pace of investment in emerging growth businesses all performing in line with our expectations. So what bends the expense curve in the U.S.? Traditional managing of expenses along with investment in process automation in our mature individual and career driven small business franchise, a multi-year technology modernization path, including a new group administrative platform driving process improvement and cost reduction. Finally, delivering on revenue build in our inquired and Greenfield properties that requires investment upfront to secure and retain quality business. Now I'd like to hand over to Brad Dyslin to discuss our investment portfolio and positioning with respect to recent market events and volatility. Brad?
Brad Dyslin: Thank you, Fred. Given recent events with the global banking system and the uncertain macro outlook as the Fed continues to raise rates to fight inflation, I would like to provide a brief update on those segments of our portfolio that are most directly impacted by the current environment. Let me start with our bank exposure. As at the end of the quarter, our total global bank portfolio is $5.6 billion with an average credit rating of single A minus. Our holdings are concentrated in large, systemically important banks located in stable countries. As of today, our U.S. bank exposure is limited to the largest banks. We have virtually no exposure to smaller U.S. regional banks. We do not have holdings or other direct exposure to any of the three U.S. banks that failed in early March. While the swift and decisive action of regulators has helped the calm markets, we are watching very closely for signs of further instability in the global banking system and feel good about our holdings. Like the rest of the industry, we are seeing pressure in the commercial real estate markets. Office properties are the current area of focus given the difficult market for office leasing. Office represents approximately 30% of our total $8.1 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio with most of our exposure in our transitional real estate book. We currently expect approximately $500 million of loans to enter into some form of foreclosure, approximately 6% of our total mortgage holdings. When going into foreclosure, we revalue the property to current market levels. In those cases where we do not yet have an independent third-party appraisal as an interim step, we establish an updated value based on our current -- based on our external manager's current assumptions of the local market and updated cap rates. This process resulted in a small $10 million of additional asset reserves this quarter. To offer perspective of our potential loss exposure, we have approximately $900 million of TRE loans currently on our watchlist. At the time of origination, these loans were 65% loan to value. If you apply a simple stress scenario, that assumes we foreclose on the entire amount and each property declines 50% in value, a drop which would exceed what we saw during the financial crisis by about 15 percentage points. We would have to establish approximately $200 million of reserves. To be clear, this is not our base case, but it highlights that our exposure under such a severe downturn in the office segment is manageable. Although accounting rules may require additional reserves, our strong capital and liquidity position will allow us to hold these properties to maximize our recovery. Turning to our middle market loan portfolio, despite the headwinds from rates and inflation, this portfolio continues to perform quite well. Our borrowers average leverage is stable. They have largely been successful passing through higher costs, and sponsors have generally been supportive whenever required. This quarter, we did take reserves of $20 million related to two names that were struggling with issues unique to them and not reflective of broader systemic issues in the asset class. As the primary outlet for our below investment grade exposure, we very deliberately built this portfolio with a strong focus on managing through the inevitable downturns in the credit cycle. Our average loan size is a very modest $16 million, we only invest in senior secured first lien positions. We utilize strict limits on position size, diversification and other characteristics. Should conditions worsen, we believe this approach will serve us well. We expect market volatility to remain elevated as the global economy absorbs the impact of higher interest rates. We will, of course, experience the impact of this volatility across our portfolio namely in our alternatives holdings. Relative to many in the industry, our exposure is rather modest, but we expect our $2.4 billion portfolio to experience volatile marks in the near-term. We remain committed to our disciplined systemic approach to building this portfolio and fully expect to enjoy the benefits of enhanced returns over time. Let me turn it back to Fred.
Fred Crawford: Thanks, Brad. Let me just give some additional perspective before we go to Q&A and that is connecting Brad's comments to capital. Our low asset leverage, which we define as the ratio of assets to statutory capital, particularly when you consider our natural concentration in JGBs, places us in a strong position to absorb weak economic conditions. We watch SMR in Japan carefully, as historically, it is more volatile during periods of economic stress. However, our SMR as you can see remains very strong. We are also comforted by a stable ESR ratio that like our U.S. statutory RBC is robust and more resilient to market volatility. The punch line is we do not see the events of the last quarter and/or mild to medium recession causing disruption to our capital deployment plans. So with that, let me hand back to David, who will take us to Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your question. But first, let me ask you to please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask their question. Andrea will now take the first question and if you want to let people know how to get back in the queue, that would be great.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Wes Carmichael of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, good morning. In Japan Post, you talked about the revised cancer product doing well, but how are you kind of seeing the sales trajectory play out in the second quarter and through the balance of the year? Should we see it kind of accelerate in the near-term or will that take some time to play out?
Fred Crawford: Sure. Let me -- this is Fred. Let me do this, let’s go to Koide-san to comment on Japan Post and Yoshizumi-san can follow-up with any color from his perspective. Koide?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] Hey, this is Koide of Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] Now regarding Japan Post Group, our new cancer wings has been launched in April this year. [Foreign Language] And we believe that the start of the sales has been very successful, because we have been preparing to launch product towards April by doing a lot of preparation, as well as training. [Foreign Language] Mr. Yoshizumi, if you'd like to add anything, please do so?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you. This is Yoshizumi of Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] To launch this product in April, we have been thoroughly preparing for the launch. [Foreign Language] We are seeing the start of the sale, this new product is very good, and it is gradually growing and it is meeting our expectation. However, having said that, because this product has just been launched, it would probably be a bit too early to say whether this is truly successful or not. But this is the product that we have launched this year as a continued new product. [Foreign Language] And I do believe that we have been able to get started with a very good new product process, because we have been training since January, and we have also introduced just so means. So we do believe that this product can be successful and at the same time this can be a trigger to even know more success. [Foreign Language] So let me just repeat this again, our start of the sale of this product has been very successful and that can be proved by the number of calls that we are receiving at the call center and also the number of illustration and estimates that we are providing to customers. [Foreign Language] And that's all for me. Thank you very much.
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Yoshizumi. And again, I would say we have been rolling this cancer product out gradually across channels, which is different than we've done in the past. And so started in our associates channel, but then it's spread on to other affiliate channels, Daido Life, Dai-ichi, and the financial institutions. And so we've seen this product rollout and rollout successfully and we know it's considered one of the ranked products in the country in terms of the attractiveness of the products. So we do come at it with a level of confidence. But as Yoshizumi-san said, it's still early in their system.
Wes Carmichael: No, that's helpful. Thank you. And on capital, the capital ratios are pretty strong with RBC north of 600 and SMR 850 plus and Holdco capital strong at $3.3 billion. But how do we think about the outlook for dividends or distributions out of the insurance companies this year? And I think you had proceeds from the reinsurance transaction, but it seems like there may be a lot of capital coming. So is there any help you can give us there?
Dan Amos: So I would start by -- go back to our Investor Day where we announced that on an underlying basis, we expect to generate $2.6 billion to $3 billion of capital each year. And that's a reasonable starting point. And on top of that, we will periodically generate additional capital through different actions that we take reinsurance being one of those actions. And we would use that capital pool to then obviously redeploy that capital generated in conjunction with any additional capital that we may be freeing up from having high capital ratios in our operating subsidiaries or at the holding company. But I do think that over time as a run rate base, you should think about the $2.6 billion to $3 billion that's a reasonable annual capital deployment for us with periodic additional capital deployments from other actions taken. And as you know, that goes through our capital management policy where we allocate capital obviously to the dividend. Currently, that is about $1 billion that we spend on our dividend each year and we cherish our dividend highly and expect to continue to increase the dividend on top of that we are then allocating capital to buybacks where we see appropriate IRRs and also for opportunistic employment where we can accelerate our growth long-term.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks. Just a bigger picture question for Japan. Obviously, you've had a lot of success there with the cancer block for years, but it sounds like you're losing market share in medical. If you look at the benefits, there definitely is some overlap in terms of hospitalization and surgical benefits. So I guess my question is, is there a risk that people will just start using medical insurance to, sort of, cover their cancer exposure and as a consequence, the cancer insurance market will just continually shrink?
Fred Crawford: We're going to go to Koide-san and Yoshizumi-san to help you out with that Suneet.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] So let me start, this is Aflac Japan Koide. [Foreign Language] And cancer is an illness that is different from other diseases for example, it would require long-term treatment, as well as some mental support, our treatment required. Therefore, when you try to prepare for cancer, you would definitely be needing cancer protection type of policy. [Foreign Language] And the awareness regarding cancer is becoming very high in cancer, the reason is because one in two in Japan does suffer from cancer in their lifetime. [Foreign Language] And by looking at the penetration or enrollment of cancer insurance, the cancer insurance penetration is lower than that of medical insurance. Therefore, we do see that there is a bigger potential in counter insurance sales going forward. [Foreign Language] So the conclusion here is that it is not that there is no need for cancer insurance just because that you have medical insurance.
Fred Crawford: One of the things I would also add is that I have mentioned in my comments our Yorisou cancer care consulting practice, which is really wrapping non-insurance services around our cancer policies for our policyholders and that's gotten off to a good start and is building. And I mentioned that only because one of the things we do have to do, Suneet is continue to differentiate and protect our leadership position. And we differentiate the overall value proposition of a cancer product, not just from the enhanced coverage, advanced treatments, advanced types of care, but we also wrap that policy with non-insurance services and that really differentiates it from a traditional and often basic medical product sold to individuals.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then, I guess, one on the transitional real estate and middle market loans. If I just look at the book yields that you're disclosing, and compare them to what we saw at fab. I mean, I think they're up 175 basis points to 200 basis points in six months. So I'm just curious how have these borrowers essentially been able to pay what is a pretty sizable increase in interest payments and kind of what's the outlook there?
Brad Dyslin: Yes, thank you. This is Brad. It's a very good question. A couple of things I'd say in response to that. On the transitional real estate book, most of those loans contain rate caps. So the sponsors are protected from the large increase in rates. In fact, our average rate cap is about 200 basis points below where SOFR is today. Now that benefits the borrower, we still get the benefit of the higher rate. They just get the offset through the rate cap and the hedging that they've put in place. On the middle market loan portfolio, there's a couple of things at play here. First, these are largely service-oriented companies, which means they generate a fair amount of free cash flow. Now that's less free cash when you have a higher cost structure. But these companies have also been part of a growth strategy for the underlying sponsors who own these. So they've continued to perform well. They're continuing to grow. Margins have been relatively stable. And while cash flow may be reduced, they are taking actions to mitigate that. And the overall thesis for most of these companies remains intact.
Daniel Amos: This is Dan. I want to go back to one -- the question about the cancer insurance. Sorry took me a second to get my connection here. But we've got an aging society in Japan, cancer is a disease of age. I've been around since we got licensed in Japan, and I think there's more need and more emphasis on buying cancer insurance today than ever in Japan, and it only makes sense that, that should be the case because of it being a disease of age. And so not only do I disagree with that question, I feel very strong about that it's the opposite. People are wanting cancer insurance more. We've done a good job in buying it. But as you can imagine, it's the middle-aged people more than the younger ones. And our challenge there is how to get younger people involved, because they're not as frightened of cancer. And that's no different than it was in 1974. It's just a matter of being able to do that, and we've come up with some things to do that as well. But I think, if anything, I want to leave you with confidence that we feel like the market is more important now than it was in 1974.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first, just a question for Brad. On the real estate portfolio, commercial real estate, you mentioned a loan-to-value at origination of 60%. What would you guess that is now given that rates are higher since you've originated most of these loans? And then obviously, demand for office space has dropped over the past couple of years because the COVID is gone and work from home.
Brad Dyslin: Yes. Thank you, Jimmy. Actually, the average is 65% when we originated these. And when you look at the office portfolio, it really does depend on the specific asset, and it's driven in part by the overall occupancy, as well as other investment needed to boost the occupancy to get the asset relatively full. I will tell you that for those loans that are in the process of being revalued, we generally saw a decline based on input from our managers and the updated cap rates of 30% to 35%. Now those are -- I would caution those are unique to the assets that we are in the process of foreclosing. I'm not sure you can apply that across the universe of all office space, but that's what we saw in the specific loans that went through the revaluation process.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then fair to assume that the numbers are smaller, but there's a similar decline across the rest of the portfolio in terms of value as well?
Brad Dyslin: Again, it depends on the specific asset. We -- not all office in the portfolio is bad. We have some that are performing very, very strongly. They have good occupancy. The business plans are at or above plan. And we don't expect those have seen nearly the price decline is those that are -- have less occupancy and are resulting in us taking the keys.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I had is just on the potential impact if the yen rates or JGB yields, I should say, were to go up in a more significant way. I know you guys have provided the financial analyst brief meeting and so forth some sensitivities to your capital ratios. But could you maybe unpack how something like that would affect your business maybe across sales, like maybe the product mix. What are the ways that would impact your business?
Fred Crawford: This is Fred. From a business perspective, and I'll let Max comment on capital sensitivity, and I would invite in either Koide or Yoshizumi-san to comment on. But as you start to see rates recover, then you start to bring in some of the first sector savings products, particularly the yen-based products as potentially being able to price to offer up a more valuable value proposition, a better value proposition to the consumer. So you can see some of that, but it takes quite a while, because the way that reserve discounting works in Japan, you have to go for quite a while of rate recovery before you are able to price more appealing and make the product more appealing broadly. So you need to have consecutive years, if you will, of recovery. But it does add some added tailwind to those products. I don't think you see much of any impact to the other aspects of our business that are far less rate sensitive and are really more of a morbidity play, as you can imagine. Max, I'll let you comment on the SMR dynamics, ESR dynamics.
Max Broden: Well, Alex, you obviously know the sensitivities to SMR, ESR, RBC, et cetera. But I would make one comment, and that is that as we get closer to ESR adoption in Japan, that is going to make our business slightly less interest rate sensitive. And the reason I say that is that our yen interest rates are now going to be much more aligned between the assets and liabilities, which means that movements in interest rates are going to follow more the economics of it, i.e., the economic impact on our business is going to flow through and have an economic impact on our capital base as well. So that means that our sensitivity is somewhat less, which obviously then means that currently I can tell you that we do hold volatility capital associated with interest rate volatility. And to some extent, if you have a lower interest rate sensitivity going forward, that means that you obviously need slightly lower in terms of a volatility buffer. All of this is going to be optimized as we get closer to ESR adoption, so I'm not going to put a number on what that is, but I am encouraged by what I see in terms of the sensitivity to interest rates.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's helpful. And then for a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the additional benefits you were talking about for the U.S., some of the things you're doing to improve persistency. I mean, could you help us think through what some of those things may be. And I mean when I hear higher benefits and no additional costs, I would think maybe that would put pressure on the benefit ratio itself. But maybe I'm not thinking about that right.
Virgil Miller: First, good morning. this is Virgil from the U.S. Let me give you a perspective first on what are we doing to help improve our persistency. The first thing I'll say though is you saw the numbers, and given that the numbers reflect a 12-month rolling period, I will first start by saying that we did see improvement in our lapses during Q1. If you compare Q1 of this year to Q1 of last year, our lapses were down about 20% when it comes to related premium. What we've done though to ensure we continue to see a term with this though is we stood up an office of persistency. The intent there is to get a team of data-driven experts to look at the analytics behind what are some of the key drivers to help improve persistency, but also put together a framework and a governance framework to ensure there are actions going forward. Some things we've already done this year would be to drive utilization of benefits. You heard Fred allude to this in his comments, but we launched a wellness campaign in Q1. What we're really trying to do, a is really push preventive maintenance when it comes to helping our consumer base. But more importantly though, it is to drive utilization of the benefit. When people utilize the benefits, we generally see a higher persistency, generating more loyalty to the product and have them keep them longer. So during a five-week period, during the campaign, for the wellness benefit alone on the individual products, we saw a 27% increase in wellness utilization on that particular product line. You will see us continue to do things like that, but the premise would be driving utilization. Another key foundational effort would be, remember, our products are portable with a lot of movement in the job market, if you see someone leave one organization to go into another or perhaps no longer working with their current employer, you can keep your coverage with Aflac. We're making sure there's ease of portability, making sure we've improved our ways to collect money through billing mechanisms and making sure we have digital needs for people to go online to keep the available coverage. So those are some of the things I'll share right now, but overall, I am pleased to say that there is progress and we have a definitive focus on that going forward for the remainder of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. I know there's a traditional seasonal 4Q increase in the expense ratios, but there's also expense increases around product launches. So with the new cancer product being rolled out in Japan Post in the second quarter and are they any efforts really through that channel dated back before the pandemic, can you maybe talk about one-off efforts to train agents or any market partnership that we should be thinking about? Thank you.
Fred Crawford: John, I want to make sure I heard that last part of your -- you're on the track of expense ratio quarter-to-quarter related to product launches. But what's your last part of your question?
John Barnidge: Yes. Yes, so with the new cancer product being rolled out in Japan Post in the second quarter, are there any efforts to like retrain the agents or remarket the partnership and expenses associated with that, because big launch since before the pandemic [Indiscernible].
Fred Crawford: Understood. Why don't we do this? Let's go to Yoshizumi to talk about the training and rollout of training for Japan Post agents. And then Todd Daniels is with us and can comment on any implications for expense ratio. So why don't you go ahead, Yoshizumi-san?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] So regarding the Japan Post training, what we are doing is that the management layer or the management of both companies are very involved at each layer of the training. So what we are doing is going through the cycle plan, do check and action to make sure that things are going successfully. And through this planned do check and action cycle, we are trying to identify weaknesses and try to resolve those weaknesses and overcome them. And those are being monitored and also being taken action by both companies. And as one of the examples of having the checking process is this once in every three months or on a quarterly basis, we do have this strategic alliance committee where the top management of each company is involved to talk about these issues. [Foreign Language] And furthermore, in the associate channel, we are strengthening our training method.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] Now this is Aflac Japan Koide once again. Regarding expenses, normally, when we launch a new cancer product, we will be doing training or renewing our solicitation materials, et cetera. And this is sort of like a normal course of action that we normally take when launching a new product. So that's what we did for this new cancer product as well.
Fred Crawford: And Todd, I don't know if you have any color on timing of expenses. John, the premise of your question, that was correct. And that is, for example, this quarter, we had a pretty low expense ratio in Japan, but that oftentimes can move around with the timing of product launch and training and promotion costs. Todd, if you have any comments on that?
Todd Daniels: Yes. I agree, Fred. I think the first quarter is traditionally lower with expense ratio, and you see a higher expense ratio later in the year with IP and marketing spend. But we have been paying for the training and the marketing of the product all throughout the quarter, so a lot of that is cost. And now you have the sales of the product and most of the acquisition expenses will be amortized into DAC. So you should see a slightly higher expense ratio as expected in the second quarter, but not really materially a result of Japan Post.
Dan Amos: John, for the full-year, we would expect to have an expense ratio in the 20% to 22% range.
John Barnidge: Thank you so much for the answers.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I had a couple of questions for Brad on the CRE portfolio. And I was hoping you could talk more about the common factors among the loans that are entering foreclosure. And then also maybe talk about what's driving the $900 million of CRE loans you have in your watch list currently. Maybe how that watch list has changed in the past few months and what's the risk of that growing over time.
Brad Dyslin: Sure. Thanks, Erik. On the common factors, it's really a combination of the leasing velocity not being quick enough relative to the original business plan and the sponsors being unwilling to continue to support the asset. In many cases, we have an upcoming maturity. And when that happens, we have a couple of choices. We can enter into negotiations to extend and renew the loan. But in those examples, we always require additional protections. It usually involves a pay down of the loan to reflect the current market and current progress of the plan. It can include personal guarantees, cash sweeps, a variety of other things. Then we usually get paid a little more as well. And if the sponsor is unable to meet those, that's when we enter into a more intense workout process, which will usually lead to foreclosure. And that's been the bulk of the issue with the $500 million of current [NREO] (ph). I do want to mention though that of that $500 million, we do have occupancy. These are running on average about 60%, which obviously is lower than we would like and the sponsors would like. But these are not sitting there as empty buildings, they are functional, they do have tenants, it's just a matter of continuing to grow the tenant base and that has slowed in this current environment. As to the $900 million, that's just our forward look on loans where we do have maturities coming up. We do have some issues with the underlying business plan. We are in negotiations with the sponsor and we're still unclear on exactly how those situations will resolve. But if we thought they were imminent, they would have been included in that $500 million. So we're watching that $900 million very closely, but those are largely issues that are coming down later in the year.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then just to clarify, when you talked about the $200 million of reserves that could be needed in your stress scenario, is that the full capital impact? Or could there be any additional pressure from capital charge changes when you bring a property on to your balance sheet?
Max Broden: So the additional capital that you would also have on top of that would be, let's call it, rating migration. As you take ownership of a property, you obviously move from the capital charge of that being a loan to being an owned real estate equity and operated property. If you -- just to give you a sense for it, if we were to add $500 million of real estate-owned equity versus that being a mortgage loan, that would impact our SMR negatively by 5 points, a relatively modest number. If we were to add $100 million on our U.S. balance sheet going from a loan to real estate-owned equity, that would decrease our combined RBC ratio by 8 points. Keep in mind, these numbers are not going to be exactly linear, but it's going to -- that gives you a good flavor for our sensitivity.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just a few follow-ups on the real estate foreclosures. The $500 million that you're, I guess, in the process of foreclosing on, did you not take any reserves or losses on those? And is that -- and if not, is that just because of the value of the land still exceeds the value of the loans? That's my first question.
Brad Dyslin: Yes. We did -- that is where the $10 million of additional reserves came from. It was on that $500 million in process of foreclosure. And the reason it wasn't larger is because looking at the decline in the asset, both the physical property, as well as land or any other peripheral value, the declines were not severe enough to dip into our 65% loan to value.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. That makes sense. The -- what about lost NII? You were getting presumably 8% or 9% yields on these loans. Now as you -- as they become owned real estate assets, would you expect there to be a meaningful change in the yield on those assets? Sorry, go ahead.
Brad Dyslin: Sorry, Tom. Yes, it's a really good question. It's one we spend a lot of time on. These properties, by and large, are generating some income. There is an NOI coming off of them. It is going to be lower than the yield we're getting on the underlying loan, and that is baked into all of our projections and planning.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And Brad, any indication on the $500 million, are we talking about eight or nine going to four, six, two? Like some range would be helpful.
Brad Dyslin: Yes. Well, right now, it's currently nine properties. We think that is -- that reflects our current best estimate of the number. There are different levels of discussions going on in the workout process with the sponsors. We may have a couple of those break positively where they end up coming out of this bucket. But at this point, we think that's unlikely and we believe it was prudent to assume that this full $500 million are going to be foreclosed and become real estate-owned.
Operator: Next question comes from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Could you give an update on any plans to refresh the Japan medical product? I think it's about 18 months old, and you tend to refresh the product every two years or so.
Fred Crawford: Yes. As I mentioned in my comments, we're coming out and ready to be prepared to have that -- our new product in the market in the fourth quarter. And as I made comments in my script, the idea there is to have a simplified product that attracts younger and new policyholders as well as a more comprehensive version of the product that's attractive for existing policyholders, as well as older policyholders that seek more comprehensive coverage, that’s the basic game plan. I'll go to Yoshizumi-san to comment on the rollout of the medical product and any thoughts he has on how we're going to market with that product.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Okay, this is Yoshizumi once again. Thank you for the question. Well, regarding the Japanese medical market, what I can say is that it is very competitive. [Foreign Language] And especially the competition is in trying to acquire young to middle-aged customers, and that's where all the companies are aiming for. [Foreign Language] As a result, what is being asked by the market is to come up with something with reasonable premiums and simple benefit structure. [Foreign Language] And we are hoping to launch a new product that are focused on those points and will have competitive advantage. [Foreign Language] And especially by using this new product, the channel that where the competition is the most severe is a large, enormous collusive agencies channel, and that's where we would like to regain our share. [Foreign Language] Right now, we are collaborating between Japan and the U.S. to come up with a good product and we are in a full preparation mode. [Foreign Language] And that's all for me. Thank you very much.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And then just give a little bit of color on the WAYS and Child Endowment products. I know these products have been a little bit pressured in the past by fluctuations in interest rates. So maybe talk a little bit about why you feel like this is the right product for now and how it's different than earlier versions of the product.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I'll make just a couple of comments, and then I'll ask Koide-san and Yoshizumi-san to comment. But first, remember back when we were selling WAYS a number of years ago, 10 years ago, much of the volume of that sale -- those sales were through banks and particularly what we would call mega banks or the large banks and regional banks. And much of it is sold with discount advanced premium features. So products structured more for deposit like mining, meaning single premium-type short pay products, which can be much more attractive particularly in the banking channel. During our investor conference, we talked a bit about the approach we're taking here which is more of a level pay process product. And that level pay product is less appealing in the bank channel which is why we have rather muted expectations for volume. But it is -- it can be a useful tool and sell in our associate channel and more of a financial planning environment and attracts a younger policyholder in the process. And so that's where we came back in. From an engineering perspective, I'd also add that in the last 10-years, we've quite advanced our investment strategies and structures quite a bit under the leadership of Aflac Global Investments. And that is a nice weapon to have when looking at first sector savings products and dialing in investment strategy to back product and product pricing. And then as Max Broden has covered with you, we now have a reinsurance unit, and reinsurance is actively used to help manage capital returns over time of that product. So we have some engineering benefits that make it more attractive to come in at this time. Koide-san or Yoshizumi, maybe on the [Multiple Speakers]
Dan Amos: Yes, this is Dan. I want to make one comment about it is that one of the ways or the most important way we're judging WAYS and Child Endowment is our ability to add on our third sector product with that. So we're not just looking at sales. If you gave us nothing, but sales, although it's profitable and hit some of the targets we want, it's the ability to do that. It also is very helpful because of the premium that's involved for our agents to make commissions and getting them reengaged, which they had been off a little bit. So that's been very helpful, too. So it is a product we're watching carefully. But I think Fred's comments were good ones in that it's really the bank channel that we do not see as being the market for us, because of the single premium and the older ages. We want these younger people with lower premiums to get them engaged, and it has been working so far.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think that -- I think we've covered it here. I would say we're -- I believe roughly half of our sales are to individuals younger than -- even more than that, younger than 50-years old, that may be even north of that. And then I think we're achieving upwards of 40% cross-sell results to new and younger policyholders to Dan's point. So those are critical metrics, we want to see it attracting young and we want to see the cross-sell activity, because that's fundamental to the strategy of coming back in the market.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Koide from Aflac Japan. Well, let me just add a little bit information here. Last year, in October, we did change rates of Child Endowment and WAYS product. And the purpose of that time was to acquire new customers, as well as young customers using these products. And for that purpose, we have focused on selling level premium type of product. [Foreign Language] And as Fred mentioned, this level premium-focused product is very important for associates to sell. However, it is not so popular among the bank channel. [Foreign Language] And as a result, associates sales were our focus. And as Dan mentioned earlier, these products also go well in terms of doing cross-sell with third sector products. So we are using a lot of leverage where -- we are using these products as leverage to sell third sector. [Foreign Language] And the proportion of WAYS product being sold through banks is still maintained very low, and it will be very limited again this year. That's all for me.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] So let me just add a word as well, this is Yoshizumi speaking. [Foreign Language] So what I would like to say is that those customers that have actually purchased WAYS and Child Endowment are basically 40s and below. So those customers in their 30s and 40s account for 83% of all customers. [Foreign Language] And on top of that, as was mentioned, we are planning to sell third sector product using WAYS and Child Endowment by using this level premium product. That was our strategy. And right now, our sell rate is 47%. [Foreign Language] And so what I'd like to do going forward is to really expand and really sell more in third sector products by using Child Endowment and WAYS as a trigger and catalyst. That's it from me. Thank you
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Get back to this transitional real estate. A couple of questions. One is, can you -- what is the total people reserve specifically against the transitional real estate that you're holding at this point? And then I also just wanted to confirm that the $900 million on the watch list, is that in addition to the $500 million potentially foreclosed or is the $500 million the subset of the $900 million?
Brad Dyslin: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Let me start with the second question first. The $900 million does include the $500 million, so an incremental $400 million that we're watching. On the CECL reserves, essentially all of those reserves are related to the loan book. The split between middle market loan and TRE -- or real estate, generally, most of which is in TRE, it's about 35%, 40% of the total CECL reserve is related to mortgage loans.
Max Broden: And Ryan, our total CECL reserve was $250 million.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then I guess for Max, you have the 400% RBC target in the U.S. When you think about Japan, how would you frame kind of your targeted capital ratios there at this point? Because it's a bit more challenging from the outside to think about the cushion you have.
Max Broden: Yes. So we obviously operate with strong levels of capital, and you know our sensitivities to different, kind of, macro factors. We're also in this now transition over time from SMR into the new ESR world. As we do that transition, we obviously are going to find our way to, over time, optimize our capital base somewhat. But also every time you go through a transition, you actually want to do that with some additional level of capital in order to make sure that you have the flexibility to then down the road optimize your capital structure. So right now, we feel comfortable where we operate, both from a standpoint of it gives us flexibility to be opportunistic where we can, but also then obviously absorb any kind of losses that may come our way. And also it gives opportunities for us to also deploy capital organically into opportunities that we might see as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Ward of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Ward: Thank you, guys. And thank you for all the color on the loan books. Extremely helpful. So Brad, on the commercial mortgage loans, I think you mentioned the process of making office buildings more attractive for tenants and leases. I guess my understanding on office is that they, sort of, have to be super new and exciting to attract new leases. We've heard that the cost of that can be super expensive at times. So just curious if you have any thoughts on that and if the $10 million reserve math incorporates that.
Brad Dyslin: Yes. Thanks, Michael. You're right. In this environment, the leasing that is occurring is migrating towards newer properties with nicer amenities. About 80% plus of our total TRE book is in Class A properties. But keep in mind, too, the nature of transitional real estate is that transitional piece. These loans are providing that funding to reposition the asset. A lot of them are lease-up transitions. So our capital is going to refresh the asset. So through this process, we're getting, in most cases, the newest, most refreshed with the current amenities asset in the local submarkets. So that is one very good thing we have going for us. But in some cases, the business plans just need a little bit further work, and that's what's resulting in some of the foreclosures.
Michael Ward: Awesome. Thank you. And then on the rate caps. I was wondering if you can help us understand maybe the percentage of rate caps on the portfolio that have reset with the jump in rates over the last 12-months?
Brad Dyslin: The rate caps exist for the life of the loan. So only those that have reached maturity and are in some process of workout would have -- they would lose that protection. So the bulk of the portfolio prior to maturity is still protected by those rate caps. And for transitional real estate, it is essentially the entire book. And as I said for middle-market loans, it's a very small percent.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Wes Carmichael of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, thanks for taking my follow-up. I actually had a question for Dan, and it relates to succession. And I know you've had a couple of leaders transition, but I'm really thinking about your CEO role, how -- I know you've laid out some ‘25, ‘26 sales targets. But what are you thinking for your role in the timing on that and how we should think about transition.
Dan Amos: Well, I'm not going to be that good a retiree and I'm not in that big a hurry. I just had a physical at Emory and got a good report. So I plan on staying around a few more years. But I still think my number one responsibility is to make sure I have it prepared. We never know what can happen in life, and we've got to have a company ready to go and go uninterrupted. And so that's one of the things that I'm doing. I will say, for example, with Virgil and the changeover to Teresa, that's been smooth. I will say that Eric's changeover to Brad has been smooth. You go back to Koide, we've gone on interrupted on the -- as things take place. And to me, that's one of the things I have to make sure happens. And I promise you, I'm working toward that with the Board of Directors, who ultimately make the call. But we have very structured and very intense meetings about what goes on in regard to personnel and human resources at our August meeting. And so I'll be constantly updating on what's going on there. But I would say I'll be around a few more years. So unless the Board gets tired of me, look for me to be here.
Wes Carmichael: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. Just a few CRE follow-ups. Brad, the $900 million watch list, are those all ‘23 maturities? And can you comment on total maturities for both ‘23 and ‘24?
Brad Dyslin: Yes. Thanks, Tom. The $900 million on the watch list is predominantly near-term maturities. I will have to double check, but I don't believe we have anything out into 2024 on that watch list. But it is predominantly near-term maturities that we have to address. No, I'm sorry, what was your second question?
Tom Gallagher: Just what are the total maturities of your total...
Brad Dyslin: Sorry. Yes, these are very short-term loans. The -- at origination, they're generally three years in term with options for one-year extensions based on certain thresholds being met. So these do turn over pretty quick. We do have -- it's less than one-third of the total portfolio rolling over this year. But a big portion of those are what's on this watch list.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And then just one on, you mentioned your alts portfolio, you expected near-term returns to be volatile. Should we -- is the interpretation that 2Q alts return should be negative? Or just any perspective on that?
Brad Dyslin: It's really way too early to try to give any insight on second quarter. I think you're familiar with the lag we have in our marks. For first quarter, we're really reflecting broad market activity from third and fourth quarter just given the lag in the reporting to our managers and then the reporting to us and it gets extended a little bit longer in fourth quarter. So second quarter should correlate more closely with the general market activity we saw in fourth quarter and a little bit of first quarter, but it's just way too early to give you any direction on that.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, just a question for Fred on the implications of the May reclassification of COVID equivalent to influenza. What do you think the financial implications are? Because your margins in Japan have already been pretty good actually.
Fred Crawford: Well, really, the reclassification to five, the Class 5 influenza, is really more related to overall business activity, in other words. And you're starting to see it here in Japan. I would just tell you from a personal perspective, when I first got here, people inside office buildings, outside office buildings, in meetings, out of meetings, at restaurants, doing daily activities, you were talking about 3% to 5% of people not wearing a mask. That now has clearly freed up. And in fact, the Japanese government has been encouraging companies and hotel operators and office building managers to adjust their policies in accordance to guidelines from the Ministry of Health here in Japan, and companies are taking that to heart. And so you're starting to see less and less mask wearing, although still a considerable level of mask wearing. And so I wouldn't call it back to normal, but clearly has improved. And we think with that, there's improved face-to-face activity and improved economic activity overall. So we are seeing that, and that's really what we would point to. It's not anything related to, for example, benefit ratios and margins from that perspective. The whole deemed hospitalization issue is behind us. We've seen claims come back to their normal levels. Our operating platforms here in Japan are back to normal response times and volumes in the claims departments and call centers. And so we're through that episode. Maybe that answers your question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. So obviously, more of an implication for potential sales activity than…
Fred Crawford: That's right. And it’s gradual, but we certainly hope that's the case. Yes.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then for Max, the stress that you're seeing in your investment portfolio, specifically in CRE, is that causing you to reevaluate your capital plans, because you did buy back a decent amount of stock, and your overall capital levels, both in Japan and the U.S. are pretty healthy.
Max Broden: So obviously, we factor that into our capital plan. And obviously, the way we, sort of, think about buybacks, dividends, et cetera, it's all a combination of our current capital levels, our cash flow generation, any stresses that we see on the asset side of the balance sheet and the overall economy and the outlook for our business. And that all then boils down into the actions that we take. And we bought back $700 million of our own stock in the first quarter. And I do believe that, that is the most that the company has ever done in the history of the company. And I hope you should see that as a reflection of our view of both our business cash flow generation capital levels and any thoughts that we have around, sort of, future stress on the asset side of the balance sheet.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea, and thank you all for joining us this morning for our call. Please reach out to the Investor and Rating Agency Relations team if you have any questions. And we look forward to speaking with you soon, and wish you all continued good health. Have a good one.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Ratings Agency Relations and ESG. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to Aflac Incorporated's fourth quarter earnings call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, who is joining us from Japan, will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives. Yesterday, after the close, we posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com, along with a video for Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, who provided an update on our quarterly financial results and current capital and liquidity. Max will be joining us for the Q&A segment of the call, along with other members of our executive management; Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S,; Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Al Roziere, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our executive management team at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koichiro Yoshizumi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing and Alliance Strategy. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurances that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. And we encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com, and includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP U.S. measures. Please also note that after we file our 10-K, we plan to post, on our investor site, a recast quarterly financial supplement, showing the effects of the new long-duration targeted improvement accounting standard had it been applied to the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning. Thank you for joining us. Reflecting on 2022, our management team, employees and sales distribution have continued to be resilient stewards of our business, being there for the policyholders when they need us most, just as we promise. From an overall standpoint, pandemic conditions impacted operations in Japan, especially in the first half of 2022. But they are gradually improving. Meanwhile, pandemic conditions in the U.S. have largely subsided. Turning to our financials, when adjusting for material weakening in the yen, the Company delivered another quarter of solid earnings results that rounded out a year of overall strong performance, as Max addressed in this quarterly video update. For 2022, Aflac Incorporated reported adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of foreign currency, of $5.67, which was the Company's second best year in the history following a record 2021. Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results in 2022, with an extremely strong profit margin of 24.9%. One of the consistent key contributors to Aflac Japan's strong financial results is its persistency, which was 94.1% in 2022. As anticipated, our benefit ratio returned to a more normal level in the fourth quarter after seeing a spike due to the practice of deemed hospitalizations, the scope of which was narrowed last September. Throughout the year, we continued to navigate the waves of COVID in Japan. We expected sales would pick up in the second half of the year, especially in the quarter, and that's exactly what we saw happen. Sales in Japan rose 10.8% in the second half of the year, including an 11. 4% increase in the fourth quarter, which led to a full year sales coming in essentially flat. These results reflected the August launch through Associates of Wings, our new cancer insurance products. They also reflected our first sector product updates in the fourth quarter that better positioned Aflac Japan for future long-term sales opportunities. Recently, Prime Minister, Kishida announced that COVID would be downgraded to the same level as seasonal flu starting in mid-May. While we're encouraged by this announcement as a sign of daily life in Japan returning to pre-pandemic conditions, we will see how this evolves, but look to continue building on our sales momentum in 2023. In April, Aflac Japan will begin selling through Japan Post Group, our new cancer insurance product, and subject to FSA approval, [indiscernible] for serious diseases, which was developed in collaboration with Japan Post Group. We expect this close collaboration to produce continued gradual improvement of Aflac cancer insurance sales over the intermediate term and to further position the companies for long-term growth. Another element of our growth strategy is our intense focus on being there where consumers want to buy insurance. Our broad network of distribution channels, including agencies, alliance partners and banks continually optimized on opportunities to help provide financial protection to Japanese consumers and we are working hard to support each channel. Turning to the U.S., for 2022, we saw a solid profit margin of 20.4% in the fourth quarter. This result was driven by lower incurred benefits and higher adjusted net income, particularly offset by higher adjusted expenses. I'm pleased with the 17.4% sales increase in the fourth quarter, which reflected the largest amount of quarterly premium in the history of Aflac U.S. and continued to a 16.1% sales increase for the year. This reflects continued improvement in the productivity of our agents and brokers as well as contributions from the build-out of our acquired platforms, namely dental and vision, group life and disability. These are relatively small parts of our sales, but key elements of our growth strategy to sell in our core supplemental health policies. I'm encouraged by the continued improvement in the productivity of our sales associates and brokers. We are seeing success in our efforts to reengage veteran sales associates. And at a time, we're seeing strong growth through brokers. These results reflect continued adaptation to the pandemic conditions, growth in the core products and our investment and build-out of growth initiatives. I believe that the need for the products we offer is strong or stronger than ever before in both Japan and the United States. At the same time, we know consumers' habits and buying preferences have been evolving. We also know that our products are sold, not bought. As we communicate the value of our products, we know that a strong brand alone is not enough. We must paint a better picture of how our products help. In the latest commercial featuring the Aflac Duck and the Gap Goat, the goat personifies the gap that people face when they get medical treatment. Fortunately, the Aflac Duck is the hero who helps overcome the problem. I know this helps demonstrate the need for our products, thus helping our sales opportunities. We continue to work toward reinforcing our leading position and building on the momentum into 2023. Related to capital deployment, we placed significant importance on achieving strong capital ratios in the United States and Japan on behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. In addition, we have taken proactive steps in recent years to defend cash flows and deployable capital against the weakening yen. We pursue value creation through our balanced actions, including growth investments, stable dividend growth and disciplined tactical stock repurchase. With the fourth quarter's declaration, 2022 marks the 40th consecutive year of dividend increases. We treasure our track record of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. Additionally, the board reiterated its first quarter dividend increase of 5%. Our dividend track record is supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. At the same time, we have remained tactical in our approach to share repurchase, deploying $2.4 billion in capital to repurchase 39.2 million shares in 2022. Combined with dividends, this means we delivered $3.4 billion back to the shareholders in 2022. Keep in mind, in addition, we have among the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. We have also focused on integrating the growth investments we made in our platform. We also believe in the underlying strengths of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the United States, two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. We are well positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. I'm proud of what we've accomplished in terms of both our social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong long-term shareholder return. Before I turn it over to Fred, you may recall that the financial analyst briefing in November that I mentioned how Fred would be increasing his focus on Japan and spending more time over there to delve deeper into learning about the operations there. As David mentioned, he is joining us today from Japan where he's on assignment for the better part of 2023. As President and Chief Operating Officer, he is also continuing to focus on Aflac U.S. as well. I'll now turn it over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I'm joined here in Tokyo by our Aflac Japan leadership team led by Masatoshi Koide, President of Aflac Japan. Let me begin by saying 2022 was an important year of operational and strategic progress across the organization. Our U.S. growth platforms, dental and vision, group life and disability and consumer markets have moved from integration to full production, with comprehensive product portfolios that are broadly filed and marketed across the U.S. under the Aflac brand. These businesses have modernized operating platforms built to support the scale we anticipate in the future and are now fully contributing to sales and earned premium growth. In Japan, our refreshed cancer product is now further enhanced with the launch of our new [Yuriso] consulting support model after nearly a year of successful testing. We launched a revised and tactical approach to the sale of our WAYS and child endowment products, leveraging the strengthened product appeal to promote third sector cross-sell. While navigating difficult COVID conditions, we were proactive in addressing our expense structure, defending strong margins in the face of revenue pressure. From a corporate perspective, we remain focused on risk management and capital efficiency. Two areas of focus included our approach to hedging the U. S. dollar portfolio in Japan and efforts to improve enterprise return on equity and Japan product competitiveness with the launch of Aflac Re, our Bermuda-based reinsurer. Finally, across the organization, we launched a coordinated effort to address the balancing act of investing in and delivering on growth, reducing expenses simplifying our business model and improving overall customer experience. This includes comprehensive project governance, a network of agile teams and regular reporting up to the Board level. The financial goal is simple: to deliver on the outlook provided at this year's investor conference with respect to growth and margins in the U. S. and Japan. We're proud of our efforts, but it's clear from our results that we have worked to do in a few key areas. This includes addressing weak premium persistency in the U.S. and revitalizing our production platform in Japan. Furthermore, we need to address these issues while continuing to advance our technology and associated process improvement across the organization. With that quick review, let's turn to current conditions and what we're focused on in 2023, starting with Aflac Japan. As Dan noted, claims recovered in the fourth quarter, as did the benefit ratio, on January 20th, Prime Minister Kishida announced plans to downgrade under the law COVID-19 to the same level of seasonal influenza, which will be enacted in mid-May. Importantly, this removes the immediate option to implement quarantine and other restrictive measures, such as state of emergency orders. We believe this move is designed to signal and encourage a return to normal, including business activity. While claims processing volumes remain high, this is driven by a natural lag in reporting of claims generated during Japan's seventh wave of COVID under the old deemed hospitalization rules. You can think of this as working the IBNR claims that were financially recognized in the third quarter. Despite continued waves of COVID, we expect our team in Japan to improve on the performance in 2022 as COVID, like the common flu, appears destined to become a way of life in Japan and elsewhere. In that regard, we're focused on the following: First, in terms of distribution recovery and productivity across our channels, our powerful associates channel requires aggressive approach to training and development to drive new customers. Separately, we are working with Japan Post on a campaign surrounding the introduction of the new cancer product in the second quarter. As Dan noted, we have strong commitment at the top of Japan Post, and we are cooperating at levels throughout the organization. It should be noted late this January we also introduced the new cancer product in our Dai-Ichi alliance as well as the financial institutions channel, both of which have performed below our expectations in recent periods. Turning to core product refreshment, our new cancer product will add a critical illness lump sum benefit rider in April, available on old and new cancer products and through Japan Post Group and our associates channels. Cancer ecosystem development is moving from launch to expansion. When analyzing current call volume, over 50% of the calls that are coming into our consulted related service platform relate to treatment, thus suggesting a value proposition beyond the pure financial benefit of paying a claim. Our 2022 refreshed approach to first sector savings is yielding expected results, with approximately 80% of all sales representing customers who are under the age of 49 and approximately 50% of all new first sector customers purchasing a third sector product which is twice our target of 25% cross-sell. Finally, in the face of increased competition and focus on selling the new cancer product, we have seen our medical sales decline and have plans to refresh our product in the fourth quarter. When stepping back to consider these activities, we are and have been taking broad action across product and distribution with an eye towards returning to an ¥80 billion production platform in the 2025 and 2026 period. The path to that level of production will build over time. But as we look towards 2023, we expect the continuation of our experience in the second half of 2022, where we generated consistent growth in production. Meeting our long-term targets will require strong execution on all fronts, as well as supportive market conditions and the cooperation of third-party alliances and partners to aid in driving productivity improvement. Finally, while we have made progress, we seek further advancement in digitizing paper and manual processes for greater operating efficiency. This is not entirely an Aflac Japan issue. It's a Japan financial service industry issue. In recent years, we have moved from 30% to approximately 50% of our applications submitted in digital form, with only 10% of claims processed digitally. Over time, we seek to drive digital applications to 80% and digital claims processed to over 40%. This will allow us to take additional cost out of our operations, but requires the commitment of our distribution partners, their agents and customers to drive adoption. I'm here in Japan in part, recognizing this is an important time for Aflac Japan. We are engaged in transformative activities that have long-term franchise implications as we seek to leverage our financial strength and leading third sector position. My focus will be partnering with our leadership team in revitalizing our distribution, incubating new product end markets and digital adoption to drive down expenses and improve customer experience. Turning to the U.S., as Dan noted in his comments, we continue to deliver a balanced attack to the marketplace. Split by product class, group benefits were up 28%, individual benefits up 8%. Split by channel, agent sales were up 7% and broker up 25%. With respect to our expansion businesses, network dental and vision and premier life and disability sales were up 98% and 75%, respectively, for the full year. The underlying signs of momentum are encouraging. For example, in our agent small business franchise, average weekly producers are up 3%, the second consecutive year of growth after a period of steady decline. Dental and vision is proving out our thesis of cross-sell as roughly $0.80 of supplemental health and life products are sold with every dollar of dental and vision. Our life and disability platform, not only has strong sales, but a successful renewal year, and recorded 97% premium persistency. Now fully integrated and expanding, we see 2023 as a year of leveraging this platform to both defend and grow voluntary group business. While it was a difficult year industry-wide for direct-to-consumer sales, we are encouraged by consumer markets 5% increase in sales in the fourth quarter with new alliances coming online. Finally, it was a challenging year for persistency in the U.S. Persistency has stabilized in our individual business. However, weakness earlier in the year continues to impact our trailing 12-month metric. Group Voluntary, a smaller contributor to earned premium, drove most of the 260-basis-point decline in overall persistency. Account persistency across the organization has remained relatively flat, but we lost a few very large accounts during the year. The industry has experienced weakness in voluntary persistency, which tells us there are also labor force dynamics contributing. We have stepped up our focus on persistency, establishing a dedicated office to drive and oversee a series of efforts, including product development, client service, technology solutions and incentive designs. Turning to investment results, investment income in the quarter was stable, with strength from higher yields on floating rate portfolios offset by increased hedge costs and anticipated weakness in alternative investment income. As expected and discussed last quarter, our alternative investment portfolio remained under pressure, posting a loss of $21 million in the quarter. By comparison, last year's quarter enjoyed $127 million in gains. This decline was anticipated given the natural correlation to the public equity markets and the lag in private equity reporting. Despite losses in the quarter, year-to-date, the alternative portfolio generated $103 million in income following an exceptional 2021. Throughout the year, we have refined our hedging strategy, reducing $2 billion in notional currency forwards in exchange for options that reduced hedge costs while protecting capital against material moves in the yen. Overall, as we look at 2023, we are staying the course with respect to our strategic and tactical asset allocations as we watch closely the risk of economic slowdown driven by Fed action to fight inflation. We are also watching the Bank of Japan as they introduce a new governor this spring which many believe could lead to a change in policy. Before turning the call back to David, it's worth following up on Max's recorded comments to reinforce how we are positioned with respect to potential for a period of U.S. or global weakness. Our morbidity-based insurance model is defensive in nature, with relative stability in sales, earned premium and profit margins through economic cycles. Among traditional life insurance peers, we maintain low asset leverage as defined by the ratio of general account assets to regulatory capital, particularly if you exclude our concentration in JGBs. We believe our portfolio is well positioned to weather the current economic uncertainty, recognizing we would anticipate some pressure on our $12 billion loan portfolios. We work closely with our external managers for middle market and real estate loans and have conducted a comprehensive stress test designed to apply recessionary pressure to these portfolios. Our approach included a moderate and severe recession, applying loss rates consistent with past economic cycles. Both scenarios resulted in elevated, but manageable losses, with no immediate need to change our disciplined approach to these asset classes and putting new money to work. When looking at the impact of core capital ratios, we developed a market pricing, ratings migration and loss scenario that falls in between a mild and severe recession and includes the entirety of our general account assets. When applying these stress tests, our core ratios of RBC, SMR and ESR all came out the other side well above are minimum thresholds. While it is wide to proceed with caution -- wise is to proceed with caution, we do not see recessionary conditions as disruptive to our capital deployment plans. I'll now hand the call back to David for Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions. But first, let me ask you to please limit yourself to one initial question followed by a related question. And then get back in the queue to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. We'll now take the first question, Andrea?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JP Morgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: So I had a question for Fred on long-term Japan sales outlook. I think you mentioned ¥80 billion in the '25 period. If we look back historically, that's still -- while it's up a lot from here, it's still consistent with what you had in 2019 and a lower number than '18. So is it that the market opportunity is less than it was before? Or do you think -- or should we assume that your market share has declined?
Fred Crawford: I think really -- so first of all, over the long run that is beyond 2025 and '26 we obviously would expect to continue some level of growth pattern. We simply stopped the timing around that time frame as a reasonable forecasting period. But there's no doubt, in the short run, meaning the next three to four years, that one of the shortfall compared to pre-pandemic levels was strength in the Japan Post distribution platform, including some very strong years of introducing new cancer in that platform. And it's clear to us at this point in time that while that platform is recovering, it's going to recover in a more linear fashion over time as opposed to a step function with dramatic increases. And that's because Japan Post is under a very diligent program of improving and investing in their platform, retraining their sales force and recovering from effectively halting and being out of the market for a period of time, as you know. So I think it's more of that gradual approach to the build that we expect that is playing on the slower growth rate. Now having said that, we're doing a lot of different things, as you know, we're refreshing our cancer product. We're adding to that cancer product competitiveness with our [Yuriso] consulting practice. We're also adding lump sum critical illness benefits, and we continue to focus on our other product development, including refreshing our medical product, particularly with an eye towards competing better in non-exclusive channels that are very competitive on the medical product, and we need to compete better there and build share. And then we're excited actually about the developments with WAYS and child endowment, particularly with WAYS. While it is not as high a return product as our other third sector, we're very pleased with the cross-sell activity, and it's also serving to build a little bit of momentum back in our core associate channel who needs more product to generate more commission and have more opportunity to recruit and build the sales force. So, so far, it's very early in that program. We're only a few months into reviving the WAYS product, but so far, the data is very supportive of the halo effect, if you will, particularly cross-sell. So we're doing a lot of different things here in Japan. But ultimately, the reason you see muted recovery is when we look at the throughput of these new products and capabilities, meaning the throughput through agents at Japan Post, agents at Dai-Ichi, agents and agencies in our associate channel, they're busy recovering from COVID, getting back out into the marketplace with face-to-face meetings. And of course, Japan Post is going through their own dynamics of recovery. So it's really the recovery in those third-party platforms that's causing us to be more cautious.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the change in classification of COVID as a seasonal flu beginning, I think, you said mid-May, how should we think about the impact of that on your claims and potentially sales?
Fred Crawford: I think from a claims perspective, you're seeing the recovery already, and that is we're expecting it to recover back to previous traditional levels of claims activity. I think I mentioned to you last quarter, a normal week in Japan for us is processing something in the neighborhood of 30,000 claims in our operating center. That rose to north of 90, 000 claims a week during the deemed hospitalization period and seventh wave of COVID. So we've seen that dramatically come back down to normal levels with the exception of working the backlog that I mentioned in my comments. So I think the idea is to return back down to normal levels of benefit ratios, and that's the answer there. In terms of new sales, we have Yoshizumi-san here and Koide-san and they can add their commentary. I think the trickier thing is, when you're talking about thousands of agents, some of whom were forced into quarantine conditions during COVID, the issue becomes not only are more agents out there able to produce and share numbers undisrupted by COVID, but will there be a recovery in face-to-face activity, which is more effective. This is still an extremely cautious society here. As we sit here today, we are all wearing masks on the way into work, on the way home from work, while at work and while walking the streets of Tokyo. So there's still some time to take place to recover the full normal activity. Yoshizumi-san, I don't know if you feel differently or have anything to add about COVID conditions.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: First of all, this COVID environment last year in the first quarter between January and March, sales have been severely impacted. And following that, the next peak, or the largest peak was between July and August, and many of the sales offices and branches were forced to shut down. However, the environment gradually changed, of course, at the timing of cancer launch, the things have been changing. And at the same time, agencies and sales agent activities became much more active. And as you've seen in our sales results, you can see that our new cancer insurance sales, is increasing and there's been a great momentum in sales as a result. And the result is that compared with 2021, we have about 30% increase in cancer sales. And also, our product strategy really was successful. For example, we were able to propose to customers more comprehensively of our products using WAYS. And as a result, third sector product sales increased because sales were done in a more cross-sell way. And as a result, we were able to exceed our second half 2021 sales in 2022. And as we enter this year, the COVID situation has been improving. And as a result, the agency's activities are even more active. And we are seeing that we now are gaining really good momentum with our strategies related to products plus the channel strategy in this new environment and in this environment with living with COVID. So what I am thinking now is that we are starting to really see an environment where we would like to be aiming for ¥80 billion in 2025 or 2026 time frame. That's all from me.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: My question is around the paperless initiatives that have been moved to digital and claims. You mentioned, I think it was 10% of claims digitally now moving higher, I think. Can you maybe talk about how this may impact benefits ratios over time for maybe a one-day pay style approach to digital?
Fred Crawford: Well, I think the primary benefit, there is certainly an ease -- customer ease element to moving to digital. But the primary motivation of moving to digital is increased agent productivity, yes, ease of doing business with the customer and the agent. There is, in fact, speed of processing claims that would pick up. For example, imagine paper-based claims processing when your claims went from 30,000 to over 90,000 a week during the last seventh wave of COVID. Had we been -- frankly, as an industry, this is not an Aflac thing. Had the industry been far more digitized in the level of claims they process digitally, you would have had much greater speed of claims adjudication. Normally, we'll pay a claim on average in around three days or so in Japan, sometimes four days. It had gone up to around 12 days during that peak level. It's now come down to around five days, so we've recovered quite a bit. But if you are in a digital environment, there's no doubt, John that you could speed that up and also protect against elevated claims periods to keep the speed and turnaround time faster. But I will tell you, a big motivation on our part to move to paperless is taking cost out of our structure. So when you're dealing with paper applications and paper claims processing and a heavy call volume related to customer service activities, all of that adds to cost structure. And in order for us to get that cost structure down, we've got to move it to digital, and that's what we're on a path to doing.
John Barnidge: Okay. That's fantastic. And then my follow-up question, if we can stick with expenses. You had talked about a joint work with Japan Post for cancer launch. And then you talked about that backlog of claims from that seventh wave being the review mirror. But with that joint work on the cancer launch, are there any planned onetime expenses we should be thinking about?
Fred Crawford: Not materially. I'm looking at Todd Daniel's here, our CFO, and no, we wouldn't expect that. It's not unusual, however, when we launch a new cancer product in general and then launch in a major system that there is, in fact, a level of marketing expense that comes into play and launch expense. But quite candidly, while you may see it have modest implications to your expenses and expense ratio, it's not material and it's nothing I would characterize as a onetime thing that would pop out on our financials. It's just sort of normal way of doing business and normal business activity. So I wouldn't anticipate that, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: I just wanted to get an updated view on just capital management and capital management priorities. Just looking at even just in the U.S., I mean, how strong the RBC ratio is, I mean I think there's companies that run with around half of your RBC level. There's seemingly a lot of excess capital around the organization. So, I was just interested in your views on that and how that's evolving?
Max Broden: Thank you, Alex. So, we have, obviously, throughout the COVID times, we made an active decision to hold capital in the subsidiaries given that we initially didn't know exactly where our benefit ratios and underlying profitability were going to go. So we opted to hold capital at a high level, both in Japan and in our U.S. subsidiaries. Coming out of COVID obviously, realizing that we are now operating at a high level, especially in the U.S. with an RBC ratio, on a combined basis, north of 60%, we do agree that, that's an excess capital position and that, over time, we would expect to operate our U.S. entities closer to 400%. That means that there will be capital coming out of those entities over the next couple of years. But we will do it when we sort of need it, and we will hold capital where we think it makes the most sense. There are times when it makes more sense to hold the capital centrally at the holding company, and other times when it makes more sense to holding at the subsidiary level. And we will, over time, optimize that.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then the second question I had, I think it was mentioned earlier that Fred was going to be in Japan for some time. And I'd just be interested in sort of what the focus is for you, Fred, as you're over there? It sounded like maybe a year or something. What is your focus? What are your key objectives as you spent some time over there?
Fred Crawford: Sure. Yes, this is the result of Dan and I sitting down in the few months or so leading up to the year-end, and why Dan signaled that fab that I'd be shifting a bit of my weight to focus a bit on Japan. To be clear, I'm spending effectively 2023 in Japan. It started mid-January and will run through mid-December. There'll be times where I'll be back in the States for critical activities and other Board-related activities, et cetera, in the U.S. So I won't be here entirely. And very importantly, I haven't changed any of my job description. And so a s Dan mentioned, I remain actively involved in driving U.S. activities. But the main reason I'm here in Japan is that it's a recognition that, at Aflac, this is very different in how we operate Japan is not a subsidiary in what you would consider to be a normal global corporate company. Japan is intertwined in the fabric of the entirety of Aflac. There's extremely coordinated and close activities shared governance committees, shared intellectual capital around technology, digitization, product development techniques of going to market. We're really, in many respects, one company despite being 13, now 14 time zones away from each other. And so in order for me to do my job effectively, that is being President and Chief Operating Officer of this company, you've got to immerse yourself in understanding the Japan marketplace, our business model and the unique dynamics that drive this business. And you really -- you can do some of that making four to six trips a year for one week at a time or two weeks at a time, which I've done for seven years, eight years -- coming on eight years now. But it's entirely different when you immerse yourself in living here and working day-to-day with the groups. And where my focus is, is real simple. It's where you would expect when you look at our results. Number one, it's partnering with Koide-san and Yoshizumi-san to help revitalize the distribution platform of this company. We need to make a leg up. We need to address certain parts of the distribution, and we're going to have to execute and deliver to bring back that path to ¥80 billion. I think we have a wonderful opportunity to leverage the brand, our scale, being in one in four households where we can drive some of the new products and capabilities that we have been incubating in recent years. And so, I'll be focused on that. And then this move to digital, realize this is a significant effort. This is not as simple as looking at your operations and moving away from paper and moving to digital. This is really not about the technology. The technology is in place. This is about partnering with third-party distribution partners, everything from Japan Post and Dai-Ichi to our associate channel to banks to move them towards more digital adoption through campaigns and programs that increase that adoption. You have to realize this is not an Aflac issue. This is quite literally no different than what the rest of the financial service industry is trying to do. And so when we talk about moving from 10% to 40% of claims or 50% to 80% of applications, that's not just an Aflac issue to handle, it is attempting to move forward and beyond the rest of the industry that is plagued by paper. You don't realize this, but many insurance companies in Japan quite literally never went remote in their operating platforms because they couldn't during COVID. They had to keep bringing their people back in because they were tied to paper and processing. That was not our situation. We were able to go to 50% remote, but even 50% remote was a bit high -- a bit low, if you will, high in terms of bringing people in. So, there's a real need to do this, and it's transformative. So anytime you use the word transformation on distribution and transformation on operations, it's very important for somebody like me and my capacity to be here on the ground spending time in Japan.
Dan Amos: This is Dan. I want to make a comment is that actually, I wanted Fred to go in 2020. And of all things, as you know, that was the year he got promoted to Chief Operating Officer and then COVID. So the year really is behind because I just thought -- it was actually his idea to stay there. My idea was to go there and live three months. And so that just shows how committed he is to the Company and doing well, and at the same time, working with the U.S. So I'm very pleased with Fred being over there. And that knowledge you cannot buy. It takes being over there, either the way I've been going for 40 -- over 40 years of the Fred's doing in the last seven. So thank you, Fred, and... David?
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: On the Japan sales, can you give a sense of how much of those sales represent to the lapse and reissue -- and when we think about the sales metric that you show in your supplement, is that a sort of a gross number? Or is that a net number when we think about policies that may be lapsing?
Fred Crawford: When you look at sales, it's a gross number. So it includes the sale of policies to new customers or customers without the policies and replacement policies. At the same time, a replacement policy also counts towards lapsation. So in other words, yes, it counts as a sale on a gross basis, but also a replacement policy is considered a lapsed policy as well. So you end up having higher lapse rates and higher sales when you have replacement activity. That's why, in fact, you see our amortization expense pop up in the fourth quarter when we launch a new cancer product or a new medical product because you effectively have a greater level of lapsation. But there's nothing wrong with a replacement policy. It's really nothing more than going out to a customer and saying, you may benefit from an upgraded structure of benefits and pricing and other additive writers, et cetera., and there's nothing wrong with that. The issue isn't the lapse and replacement policy. The issue is when it's too much of what you sell, meaning you want to be driving more new customers and have the proportion of your lapsed and reissued or replacement policies be a lower percentage of your overall sales. That's why you're seeing what we're doing, developing coming back out with WAYS, which attracts a younger, as I mentioned, and newer cohort of investors. Creating products like the disability or income products that are sold and now small businesses to employees who lack that type of coverage, and elderly care product, which is a growing market, albeit a slow growing market. All of this is designed to try to attract and develop new customers. And we believe we can make progress on that. But right now, the lapse reissue is naturally higher when you launch a new cancer product. And that's really typical of what we've seen in the past.
Max Broden: And just to add, Suneet, to how this impacts our P&L, it obviously impacts our benefit ratio and expense ratio as well. The benefit ratio was lower by about 90 basis points in the quarter from increased lapse and reissue activity, and our expense ratio was roughly 50 basis points higher because of higher DAC monetization that Fred referenced.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. I think last quarter, you had said that the lapse reissue is over 50%. Is that kind of still where it's running in Japan?
Todd Daniels: Yes, Suneet, this is Todd. It's still running around that rate. We saw it a little higher in the third quarter when we launched. And naturally, that rate starts to come down. So I think as a whole, over the first six months or so, we anticipate being around 50%.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Could you talk a little bit more about what you saw in terms of the elevated U. S. lab activity in the fourth quarter? And then, also if you can provide any commentary on if that's continued into January or is settled down?
Fred Crawford: I commented in my script, this is Fred, about the lapse rates in the U.S., and it really mimics what I said. And there's really two categories to look at it. One is our individual products. You can think of these as our traditional products sold to small businesses, the largest portion of our in-force and sales. And that lapse rate was down around 1% and, honestly, down 1.5-or-so early in the year and then slowly recovered to where, by the fourth quarter, it was down more modestly.
Dan Amos: Yes, Fred, Steve's got some numbers here on that, I think. Steve?
Steve Beaver: Yes, I would just add that Fred's script and talking points were spot on. We did see account lapses in the fourth quarter, particularly in our group business. not attributable to anything specific or systemic. We do have -- we did experience some large account lapses. We did pick up, as Fred highlighted, in the third quarter, some large accounts through the last half of the year. But net-net, we were down through the last half of the year at group. I would just add that looking forward into 2023, we are going to -- we have this office on persistency where we're going to approach this experience that we had in 2022 through product development, client service, technology solutions and incentive designs, but moderating that or modifying that to how the economy performs in 2023. That's an important thing for us to make sure that we use data to drive our actions in 2023 to get persistency back online.
Max Broden: Yes. We certainly expect the continued decent velocity of the labor force and so that will continue to be there. But at the same time, we do expect the recovery overall in our persistency going into 2023 relative to 2022.
Fred Crawford: I think you have to put it in perspective, too. This was largely focused on large accounts, the loss of large accounts, which will happen from time to time in the group business and the group business represents 15% of our earned premium. So in other words, look at our earned premium. It was down 0.2% in the fourth quarter. It was down 0.8% or less than 1% for the full year. That's not what we want. We want growth in earned premium. But we can recover from periods of week persistency. We have to focus on it. We have to bring it back. But the largest lapse rates were in the group business, which currently represents a smaller portion of our earned premium and is the fastest-growing part of our company so generated tremendous sales, which helps make up for some of that lapse rate. So we're trying to hold the line on earned premium, which is the most important component to manage.
Ryan Krueger: And then just one question on the critical illness rider that you're going to be operating in Japan. Can you help frame how big of an opportunity that is? And it seems like trying -- I know that Japan Post is in a gradual recovery mode, but it seems like that would be a fairly meaningful opportunity given that you can add it to the existing policies.
Dan Amos: Yes, I'd like Kite to answer that or Yoshizumi to cover that.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: This is Yishizumi. I will cover your question. We are currently planning to launch this lump-sum serious disease rider in April in Atria. But then that assumes that this product will be approved by the SSA, This product responds to customers' needs of having to want to prepare against, not only cancer, but also for cerebral vascular diseases as well as heart diseases. And the Japan Post Group as well as with Aflac, we are trying to fully prepare to launch this product. And as you know, the Japan Post sales is gradually recovering. And what we are expecting is that this new rider will also help accelerate sales and recovery of the Japan Post.
Masatoshi Koide: So let me just add a little bit here. This is Koide. And this new rider that is to be attached to cancer product was jointly developed by Aflac and the Japan Post Group as part of our strategic alliance collaboration. That's all from me.
Operator: The next question comes from...
Dan Amos: Excuse me, let me just make one other comment. I don't think the rider is going to be that much premium. But what it does is it gives an opportunity to get with the salespeople and go back to everyone telling them what we've got, which will ultimately help sales of the cancer policy as well. So I would look at it that way. Now that's just my viewpoint. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: This is Wilma. Maybe you could give us some color on how modestly higher interest rates in Japan will impact Aflac in the longer run.
Fred Crawford: I think it may be good for Brad island to talk about that. It's largely an investment question.
Brad Dyslin: Wilma, thanks for the question. We are expecting to see a little bit of volatility in rates in first quarter. As you're probably aware, there is an expected change in the governorship scheduled for February. And there is a lot of expectation that, that could lead to a policy change -- we saw a bit of a move in December when they widened the range on the 10-year JGBs by 25 basis points. So the magnitude of the opportunity is really going to depend on how much rates move. Remember, we are still at very low levels. And while a 25- or 50-basis-point move is certainly welcome, it's unlikely to result in a very big left or right turn on our asset allocation. But of course, yen assets are very important to us for the obvious asset liability management reasons, and we'll be keeping a close look as well as any opportunities to swap JGBs into higher-yielding yen credit assets.
Max Broden: And Rima, just a reminder in terms of the impact on our capital ratios, our SMR sensitivity to 100 basis points shift in the yen yield curve is 35-point -- negative 35 points on our SMR. Our ESR, more importantly, goes the other way. And obviously, higher yen rates are positive to our ESR. So a 100-basis-point shift in the gain yield curve would increase our ESR by 34 points.
Wilma Burdis: And I guess could you give us a more specific examples of the lapses in the U.S. and some of the things you're doing to address it address those?
Dan Amos: Virgil?
Virgil Miller: I'm sorry -- this is Virgil Miller, coming off mute. So Steve talked a little bit about it, let me give a little bit more color though. At the end of the day, when Steve and Fred both mentioned the office of persistency, what we're really looking at is, how do we drive utilization so that people understand the benefits they even acquired? When we're looking at selling our products, we do so making sure that our products are benefit-rich and -- but also that they're being utilized, so some of the things you'll hear us talk about is activity to make sure people have a knowledge and education around the benefits of how do we partner with our brokers, how we partner with our agents out there, and then with the employer to help drive utilization. We know that when they actually use the benefits, they have more of a tendency to keep it. And so you'll hear us talk a little bit of share more results around activities like that.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you all for joining our call this morning. And I just want to say, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to the investor and rating agency relations team. We look forward to speaking with you soon, and wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Aflac Inc. Third Quarter and Total Year 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to David Young. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Aflac Incorporated's third quarter earnings call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives. Yesterday, after the close, we posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com, along with a video from Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, who provided an update on our quarterly financial results and current capital and liquidity. Max will be joining us for the Q&A segment of the call, along with other members of our executive management, including Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, Deputy President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Brad Dyslin, Deputy Global Chief Investment Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO of Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Koichiro Yoshizumi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing and Alliance Strategy. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Well, good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that the third quarter of 2022 concluded a solid first nine months for the Company. Aflac Incorporated reported net earnings per diluted share for the third quarter of $2.53 and $6.25 year-to-date. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.15 in the third quarter and 4.03% for the first nine months. These results are solid despite the impact of significantly elevated COVID claims in Japan during the third quarter due to the industry practice of deemed hospitalization. Overall, I am pleased with where we stand at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We remain on track for another good year of financial results, and we expect continued sales momentum in both markets. As we have communicated in the second quarter, we anticipated a sharp third quarter increase in COVID claims in Japan, and we experienced that increase. We are now seeing more normalized COVID claims during the fourth quarter. Reflecting on the third quarter, our management team, employees and sales force have continued to be resilient while being there for the policyholders when they need us most, just as we promised. Looking at our operations in Japan in the quarter, Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results with a profit margin of 21.6%. One of the key contributors to Aflac Japan's strong financial results is its persistency, which has remained consistently strong at 94.3% for the past four quarters. New annualized premium sales continued to improve in the quarter with the launch of our new cancer insurance product through agencies in late August, which drove a 32.6% increase in cancer insurance sales in the quarter. This contributed to an overall sales increase of 10.2%. I just recently returned from my trip to Japan this year. As you'll recall, I traveled to Japan in June and had a successful meeting with the management at Japan Post Holding, Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance. This most recent trip in mid-October was geared toward connecting with our agencies, where I went to five different cities across Japan, and it was equally successful. As you know, we strive to be where consumers want to buy insurance, and this is accomplished through all the distribution channels, agencies, alliance partners and banks. We continue to closely track how pandemic conditions are evolving, particularly because of its correlation with the opportunities for face-to-face sales, which is key to the recovery in sales. I arrived home from Japan excited by the energy at the agencies with whom I met and feel very good about our ability to sell new policies as we emerge from the pandemic. As I mentioned, we have seen our benefit ratio normalize so far in the fourth quarter given the narrow scope of deemed hospitalizations introduced towards the end of the third quarter. We continue to expect stronger sales momentum in the fourth quarter, assuming that productivity continues to improve at Japan Post Group and that we execute on our product introduction and refreshment plans. We will start selling our new cancer insurance product through Japan Post Group in the second quarter of 2023. Turning to Aflac U.S., we saw solid profit margin of 19.3%. I am pleased that we again generated sales growth with an 11.8% sales increase in the third quarter and a 15.2% increase year-to-date. I am encouraged by the continued improvement in the productivity of our sales associates and brokers with the strength of both channels approaching pre-pandemic levels, as we enter what trends, excuse me, to be our strongest quarter of the year. We are seeing success in our efforts to reengage better in sales associates. And at the same time, we are seeing strong growth through brokers. These results reflect continued adaptation of the pandemic conditions, growth in our core products and investments and build-out of our growth initiatives. While Aflac Dental and Vision and Group Premier Life Management and Disability Solutions, which we now call PLADS, a relatively small part of our sales, we are pleased with how they're contributing to our growth, and opening opportunities to sell our core supplemental health products. We continue to work toward reinforcing our leading position and generating stronger sales for the fourth quarter. I believe that the need for the products that we offer is strong or stronger than ever before in both Japan and the United States. At the same time, we know consumer habits and buying preferences have been evolving. We remain focused on being able to sell and service customers whether in person. This is part of the ongoing strategy to increase access, penetration and retention. Turning to capital deployment. We place significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and Japan of behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. We continue to generate strong investment results while remaining in a defensive position as we monitor evolving economic conditions. In addition, we have taken proactive steps in recent years to defend cash flows and deployable capital against a weakening yen. When it comes to capital deployment, we pursue value creation through a balance of actions, including growth investments, stable dividend growth, and discipline and tactical stock repurchase. With fourth quarter's declaration, 2022 will mark the 40th consecutive year of dividend increases. We treasure our track record of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it, supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. We have remained in the market repurchasing shares with a tactical approach. Year-to-date, Aflac Incorporated deployed $1.8 billion in capital to repurchase 30.3 million of our shares. Combined with dividends, that means that we delivered $2.6 billion back to the shareholders for the first nine months. With this approach, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership. Keep in mind, in addition, we have among the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. We have also focused on integrating the growth investments we have made. We are well positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to the policyholders. I am proud of what we've accomplished in terms of both social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong long-term shareholder return. We also believe in underlying strengths of the business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the U.S., the two largest life insurance markets in the world. Throughout the uncertainty of the last few years, I think we've done a good job in maintaining our focus on controlling the things that we have the power to control. We can and will control our efforts to build our business and take care of those who depend upon us, our policyholders, our shareholders, our customers, our employees, our distribution and the communities in which we operate. In closing, you've heard me say many times this before of how I believe that one of my key roles as CEO in conjunction with the Board is to develop our leaders to lay a groundwork for strong succession planning. This approach enables continuity and expertise in strategic execution. You saw that succession planning in action recently with the two deputy positions moving to the next level. The announcement last week of Brad Dyslin, who will assume the role of Chief Investment Officer in January of 2023 as well as the August announcement of Virgil Miller, assuming the role of President of Aflac U.S. I want to thank Eric for his vision and expertise in building a world-class investment organization that has performed at a high level. I also want to thank Brad for his new leadership role. Brad has proven himself as a distinguished leader collaborating with Eric and the team to deliver strong results and enhancing the reputation of Aflac Global investment. I also am grateful for Teresa's 24 years of outstanding leadership and contribution to Aflac, most recently as President of Aflac U.S. for the last eight years. As Virgil assumes his role, I know he is well suited to lead Aflac U.S. with a seamless transition as Aflac continues to build on its path toward delivering efficiencies, innovation and growth. These are great examples of how we place a high priority on ensuring that we have the right people in the right place at the right time. In doing so, we have continued our focus on building a strong, deep bench of leaders preparing to take on more responsibility. Thank you all for joining us this morning, and I'll turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Last quarter, I commented on how we are positioned as a company when considering current U.S. and global economic conditions. The impact of inflation does apply upward pressure to expenses. However, this is mitigated by rising rates and additional investment income. In terms of the risk of recession, our morbidity-based insurance model is generally defensive in nature with relative stability in sales and earned premium through the economic cycles, low asset leverage, and exposure to risk assets. Finally, while certainly not immune to volatility in foreign exchange, we have put in place defensive measures to combat the economic impact of a weakening yen. Overall, we like how we are positioned and see no material adjustments to our operating or capital plans. Turning to Japan. We witnessed COVID cases surging in what is now referred to as Japan's seventh wave of infections. Daily new cases in the quarter reached a peak of 260,000 in August with the wave concentrated in the July through September time frame, effectively running its course in the third quarter. Daily cases have now slowed to a seven-day average of roughly 40,000. As we signaled last quarter, we experienced elevated COVID incurred claims, driven by its designation as an infectious disease and the industry practice of deemed hospitalization, which allows for payment of claims for care outside of the hospital. To give you an idea of the magnitude, before the seventh wave, our weekly COVID claims were in the 7,000 to 13,000 range. During the recent wave, we peaked at approximately 47,000 weekly COVID claims. Hospitalization remains low, and this lack of severity has resulted in the government of Japan changing the definition of deemed hospitalization. Effective September 26, the scope has been narrowed to the elderly, those requiring hospitalization and individuals more vulnerable to severe symptoms. This change in policy, together with lower overall rates of infection will greatly reduce the volume of new claim submissions. While more volatile than usual, we have established reserves for claims incurred in the period, but not yet reported. Therefore, we expect pressure on Japan's benefit ratio to subside in the fourth quarter. Dan mentioned his trip to Japan. I also traveled to Japan in the last few weeks. The general population remains very cautious with respect to the potential for COVID infection. For example, if you walk the busy streets of Tokyo, you'll stand out if you're not wearing a mask outside. While difficult to measure, we believe this remains a headwind for proposal volume and sales; however, our view is conditions are improving. Despite these conditions, we remain focused on the following: distribution recovery and productivity across all channels, core product refreshment and product line expansion, cancer and elderly care ecosystem development through Hatch Healthcare and digitizing paper and manual processes for greater operating efficiency. We will develop these themes in more detail at our financial analyst briefing later this month. Before I jump to the U.S., let me also extend my gratitude to Teresa White. She's been a trusted adviser to me and helped me acclimate into this new role of mine and getting educated on the U.S. platform, and I also look forward to working with Virgil as we're off to a great start in 2022. Turning to the U.S. As Dan noted in his comments, we continue to deliver a balanced attack to the marketplace. Split by product class, group benefits were up nearly 28%, individual benefits up 4%. Split by channel, agent sales were up 6% and broker up 20%. With respect to our expansion businesses, Network Dental and Vision and Premier Life and Disability were up 120% and 39%, respectively, for the quarter. Consumer markets continues to struggle down 13% and somewhat expected given the cost of lead generation and timing related to the rollout of new product. We remain bullish on this building business, having recently launched our direct-to-consumer dental and vision products as well as new alliances introducing senior and core Aflac products on third-party platforms. Persistency has recovered in our individual business as labor markets appear to have stabilized; however, group persistency has been weak throughout 2022. Our group business represents about 15% of our U.S. earned premium and has traditionally lower persistency compared to individual. There are no systemic drivers, but this segment can be more volatile, and we have experienced the loss of a few larger accounts this year. Our focus in the U.S. remains the following: recovery in our agent-driven small business model post COVID, maintaining momentum in our group voluntary business, building out our expansion businesses and realizing the halo effect in associated voluntary sales, and bending the expense ratio curve, transitioning from investment to benefit realization. Again, we will develop these themes at a briefing later this month. Turning to global investments. Let me first add my sincere gratitude to Eric for his years of leadership and trusted counsel in managing not only our investments, but contributing to many of the key financial strategies that have positioned us well today. Congratulations to Brad. I can't think of a better prepared executive to ensure continuity and carry-forward our record of strong investment performance. In terms of investment conditions, with the rise in short-term interest rates, we are actively managing the interplay of net investment income and the cost of currency hedging. Given the material increase in LIBOR forward curves, we elected to lock-in a large portion of our floating rate portfolio to protect against future rate declines. A portion remains floating and will benefit if rates continue higher. We believe this balanced approach to managing interest rate risk in our floating rate book positions us well for future rate volatility. We maintain our traditional approach to rolling foreign currency hedges on a portion of our U.S. dollar portfolio in Aflac Japan. We also continue to hold options against our unhedged dollar assets, a strategy that protects our Aflac Japan capital position against a large weakening of the dollar. While hedge costs are on the rise and will impact Japan segment earnings, the combination of floating rate investment income and offsetting hedge instruments at the holding company, serve to largely neutralize the impact to enterprise earnings. Our alternative investment portfolio pressured results in the quarter, recording a $40 million loss from our third quarter valuation marks. This was anticipated given the natural correlation to the public equity markets and the lag in private equity reporting. Despite losses in the quarter, year-to-date, the alternative portfolio has generated $125 million in income following a very strong year in 2021. We expect continued pressure on alternatives in the fourth quarter as the markets remain volatile, but fully intend to invest through the cycle and capture the long-term return benefits of this strategy. Offsetting our variable investment income results was a negotiated prepayment of a private security and large amount of associated make-whole income. This -- we call this out in our results as the event contributed a one-time boost of $84 million pretax to investment income. Our middle market and transitional real estate loan portfolios continue to perform well. We have reserves set up for these loans, which have increased modestly, reflecting potential softening of economic conditions. We are closely monitoring the risk of recession. We maintain a defensive position to risk assets and feel good about how we're positioned. We continue to seek attractive opportunities recognizing the near-term risk of a global slowdown and do not have any acute de-risking activity planned at this time. I'll now hand back to David to take us to Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. We're ready to take your questions, but before we do, I ask please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up to allow others an opportunity to ask a question, and you may get back in the queue as well. Jason, we'll now take the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: My question, you announced in October Dental, Vision and Hearing plans available to individuals outside of the traditional work site. Can you talk about how you're going to meet the customer, how sizable an opportunity is and how you think about acquisition costs there, please?
Fred Crawford: So the -- what we announced was the launching of Dental and Vision and Hearing on our direct-to-consumer platform. And so this is really what we mean by outside the work site is our direct-to-consumer platform is designed specifically to go after potential customers outside the normal work site pay or W-2 employee environment, meaning the gig economy, individuals who are -- work outside traditional W-2 environment, self-employed, for example, and then also to some degree, the senior markets who are naturally concentrated outside the work site. So, this is really a strategy to enhance our product lineup the direct-to-consumer platform. We think the Dental and Vision piece of it is important really for two reasons. One is, of course, the ability to generate sales through that channel, but the other is Dental and Vision and Hearing is a heavier searched item by individuals. And by putting product on our platform that caters to more search activity, it offers up an opportunity to cross-sell some of our traditional supplemental health products, which are less searched for. So that's effectively the strategy, John. Did I answer your question? Or do you have a second question there?
John Barnidge: Yes, Fred, that was fantastic briefly, the related follow-up. Can you talk about the initial tech rollout of the group benefits package? I know the fourth quarter of '22 is the big rollout since it has pet insurance?
Fred Crawford: So, on the topic of pet insurance, we have, in fact, rolled out the pet insurance alliance. This is the Aflac Pet insurance powered by Trupanion. We have focused on the larger broker-driven case size for that product. We characterize that as our premier broker relationships, which tend to travel in the 1,000 employee and up case size. It is really just getting off the floor. I think we have been awarded four accounts so far and are in the process of building that out. I would characterize this year as still somewhat of a proof-of-concept year in terms of getting out there with the product, successfully landing accounts, integrating those accounts between the two parties, our partnership with Trupanion and then making any tweaks or adjustments that we think are necessary to better compete as we roll towards 2023. But we are up running and launched. We're filed in all the states. The product is ready to go but concentrated in the large case market. So we will have, obviously, a fairly small level of sales this year. Also be mindful of this is really earned premium and economics for Trupanion. Our play from a pet insurance perspective is to fill out our portfolio, as you suggest, to where we're able to offer a broader array of benefits to brokerage clients, who desire that plus also their end clients. Other than that, I would say our product upgrades have been relatively routine in nature, meaning natural upgrades, covering things like mental health and other dynamics that have become more important to the broker and the consumer this year, and we continue to do that as a normal part of our business activities.
Dan Amos: This is Dan. Let me make one comment is that, for example, with Dental and Vision, it's not so much selling that product as it is open the door to sell our existing products. And for every five Dental and Vision products we sell, we sell an additional three supplemental health insurance products. So that's what we're really looking towards. The other is gravy of how we're doing those other things, and we like that, and I'm glad to have it. But it's being on the front page of the benefit section of the employers' HR that really makes the difference, and this is what we're counting on long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: So I just wanted to start on the new cancer product. How long should we expect this product to boost all -- it seems like product lifecycles have shortened, perhaps to only a quarter or two. So we'll be interested whether that's consistent with the view for this product. And also if you can touch on additional product introductions you have slated for 2023, you mentioned the Cantor product for Japan Post. Are there other products also due to be refreshed next year?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Thank you for the question. This is Yoshizumi. Let me answer your question. Well, in terms of the cancer insurance, we have launched our new product in -- on August 22. The channel that we have launched the new product is in the general agencies channel and live channel. And the sales through these channels between August and September this year have been quite successful. The actual sales was up 50%, 5-0% year-on-year. And we are seeing a great momentum still in the fourth quarter as well regarding this cancer insurance. And we are seeing about 47% increase year-on-year at the moment. And also from January 2023, we will start offering more comprehensive support related to cancer called Cancer consolidation service. This is a new service that would comprehensively support the patients or the policyholders from the time they develop cancer and up to the point they recover to their work. And this is the first of its kind in the industry. And this service will be able to respond to all the struggles and all the things that the patient as well as the family members have difficulties with. This is a great differentiator against other cancer insurance. And regarding the sales to start in the Japan Post Group, we are hoping to have it launched in the second quarter next year. We are thinking of working closely together with the Japan Post Group to increase the actual sales channel or sales route as well as training. And in terms of the other channels such as financial institutions and Dai-ichi Life, we are planning to launch the cancer product in January next year. And we will be actively and aggressively selling cancer insurance in the fourth quarter this year as well as the first quarter next year, and that's all for me.
Nigel Dally: That's great. Then just as a follow-up, I saw a bit of a step up in the pace of buybacks this quarter. I just wanted to understand what's. Your excess capital position seems to be at a level where you could easily continue at that pace, conversely with the risk of recession, maybe you want to hold on to some more capital. So just some comments as to how we should be thinking about buybacks?
Max Broden: Thank you, Nigel. It's Max. So $650 million in the quarter, and as always, we look at our capital levels, the capital generation, current and future that we expect from our subsidiaries in the overall enterprise, as well as the opportunity set that we see in terms of deploying capital, that being through dividends, buybacks, opportunistic deployment, et cetera. And that's really what sort of drives how much of buybacks we are doing at any point in time. And generally speaking, we want to deploy capital where we see good IRRs, and the buybacks that you saw in the quarter was a reflection of that. In terms of looking forward, we feel good about our overall capital position and liquidity as well despite the very significant movement that we've seen in the yen.
Operator: Next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Teresa and Eric, good luck in the future. So first on a question just on policy usage in the U.S. The benefits ratio has been lower than normal through the pandemic, and it was fairly low in 3Q as well. Do you feel that you're still benefiting from low usage in the U.S.? Or is the benefits ratio reflective of what you expect it to be going forward?
Max Broden: Yes. It's Max again. I would just say that overall claims utilization continues to be at a relatively low level in the U.S. And especially on some lines of business, like accident, hospital, et cetera, we have been a little bit surprised that we haven't sort of come back to the full normal levels, as well as cancer that have not gone sort of above the pre-pandemic trend. We would expect that to actually happen for a short period of time, simply because there's some catching up to do in terms of cancers that should be detected and also some severity come through as well. We have not seen that yet. We do expect that in the cancer lines of business, but overall, we have seen favorable claims utilization in the quarter and throughout the full year so far. And I ask the U.S. team and Teresa and Virgil to sort of fill in with your comments as well.
Teresa White: Yes. I'll just add to that. You're absolutely spot on with your comments. We are seeing lower hospital benefits as well coming out of the pandemic and more outpatient-focused therapies wherever possible. So, we're seeing first occurrence benefits to rebound to 2019 levels, but hospitalization has lagged. That's really all I wanted to add to that.
Jimmy Bhullar: And Fred, you had commented in your prepared remarks about, I think you implied that people wearing masks, is still a hindrance to sales in Japan. Are you seeing lower appointments than normal? And are there other things besides just masking, like social distancing, people not coming back to work full time that are also weighing on sales results?
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think there's a couple of things going on. One is, yes, there is a general headwind to face-to-face communication unless necessary. And so that persists in Japan, although as I mentioned, it is improving. And in fact, the actual government of Japan is now coming out and encouraging people to open up a little bit and get back to traditional business. So, it's not at pre-COVID levels of activity. And that's what I mean by remains a headwind, but it certainly is improving. I think the other dynamic that we mentioned last quarter that remained the case during the third quarter is when you have a high level of cases and a high level of infection rates of COVID, you naturally are going to have actual agents that are infected and impacted and are pulled out of the field, so to speak, unable to meet with clients or meet effectively with clients. And so that has played into it. You're talking about our distribution model through third parties has several thousand agents that we sell through. And so when you have something as widespread as the third quarter level of COVID cases, you naturally will see less feet on the street, so to speak selling. Again, we think this will naturally improve for the same reasons we see our benefit ratio and claims activity improving in the fourth quarter.
Dan Amos: And Fred and I have discussed this, but one other point is, just remember, Japanese were wearing the mask before COVID. So I don't think I went anywhere that I saw anyone that did not have on the mask, but it begins to look more normal. And so we'll have to wait and see. But everyone's -- I hardly ever see anybody with mask, except at hospitals and other places in the U.S., but they're still wearing them, but they're beginning to function. And I think that's the point that we're both making is, is that things are moving back to normal. But if you take a snapshot, you're going to see everybody with mask on and you're going to say, Oh, well, it's awful. Well, it's their culture too. So don't not think about that as you're a little going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Just on the Japan cancer sales. Can you give a sense of what percentage of the sales were lapsed reissue and how that compares to prior product launches?
Todd Daniels: Suneet, this is Todd. I think I'll take that. It takes time for us to look back and know exactly how to identify the lapse and reissue. We don't see it until the lapse actually is processed. So right now, we're seeing slightly higher lapse and reissue rates over 50%. And we believe that this could go higher as we look backwards, but this is within our expectation.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Got it. And then I guess, just curious on the timing of when you're going to start sales through Japan Post in the second quarter. I think that's probably the start of their fiscal year. So maybe that's the reason. But any color on what the client overlap is between Japan Post and some of your other distribution channels?
Fred Crawford: I don't know if you'll see Yoshizumi-san or Koide-san have any color they can provide on the overlap.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: So, this is Yoshizumi once again. In regards to the Japan Post sales of new cancer, we are thinking of it to start in the second quarter. And in other channels, we are thinking of having the product launched in January such as in bank channel or the Dai-ichi Life channel. And I'm not quite sure whether I'm answering to your question or not, but because of the overlapping of the channel's launch or the timing difference of the launch in each channel, there will be smooth launching of products from one channel to another.
Masatoshi Koide: Okay, this is Koide. Let me just add a little bit. And of course, in each channel, there are some overlaps of customers. And although I did mention that there are some overlaps of customers between channels, at the same time, each channel has its own specific customer base. Therefore, for example, in Japan Post Group, the other channels may start selling the product before the Japan Post Group, because the Japan Post will not start its sales until the second quarter. However, because Japan Post Group has a very solid customer base on its own, there should be a great sales from there as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Wilma Burdis from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: My understanding of the 940 basis points of higher Japan benefits ratio from the hospitalizations, about half of that was reported, and the other half as IBNR. This feels a little bit conservative. I don't know if you agree. Is it possible that some of this could be reversed in 4Q? Or is that -- just help us think about the benefit ratio in 4Q between releases and what's going on there?
Max Broden: Let me kick off, and I'll have Al or Todd sort of add their comments as well. So for the full year, we would expect to have a Japan benefit ratio in the range of 69% to 70%. And we were sitting at 69.8% as of the first nine months. That obviously means that we are expecting a more normal benefit ratio in the fourth quarter if you then compare to where our underlying run rate has been more recently. So I'll stop there, and I'll have Al and Todd to sort of give their thoughts on the IBNR that we put up in the quarter.
Al Riggieri: Yes. It's Al Riggieri. I'll give you a quick comment. I think it's much around the common sense on the IBNR. If you think about that peak in claims happening around August when you think about how long it takes for it to actually come through our peak infections during August coming through our financials. Approximately 60 days later, it's going to start really washing its way through. So the 50-50 split in the third quarter is pretty reasonable in the sense that half of the claims that you saw in the quarter are actually cash and the other half is sitting there and will be cleared during the fourth quarter, sort of a rough estimate of how that 50-50 will play out during the fourth quarter.
Todd Daniels: Yes. And this is Todd. Just to give you an idea of how the claims are coming through. Our peak of paid claims was in the middle of September. And for the last two weeks, we've been running at about 60% of that level. So, we anticipate, as Al said, with the six-week to two-month time period, these claims will begin to come down. And then with the change of definition at the end of September, they should come down even further.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. Another question. Could you talk about the potential impact of a recession on the group disability business and maybe talk about why this is or isn't a good time to get into that business?
Fred Crawford: One thing that's important -- thank you for the question. Generally speaking, when you enter into weak economic conditions, you would find some weakness in loss ratios related to disability, short and long term. That has not traditionally been the case with our more voluntary sold, small business, short-term disability. And remember, even though we have acquired the Zurich business a few years ago, in terms of the amount of premium that we're running through that business, which I think is approaching $300 million, it is a relatively small business as compared to our total in-force business in the U.S. Obviously, we're seeking to change that over time and are working actively to do that. But right now, we're not a company that is particularly exposed to the disability volatility that comes with a recession. And again, our voluntary business tends not to see that type of loss ratio behavior, at least by historical measurements.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: First I have a view is just a follow-up on capital deployment. When I think about your yen hedging strategy, a big part of it is a capital hedge. And at least my crude understanding of it is that the yen is weakening, your capital position in Japan is getting stronger. And so in my mind, to sort of offset the dilution in earnings, some of that capital has got to be redeployed. So when you answered the question earlier, I didn't gather from that response that there was a whole lot of incremental capital deployment being considered. So I just wanted to probe there a bit and see if you could help me understand the way that works. And is there a lag? Or am I thinking about it right that there would or should be more capital deployed as a result of that strategy in the yen weakening?
Max Broden: So Alex, you're right in your thinking that, generally speaking, given the significant dollar assets that we hold in Japan, that works relatively well as a capital hedge. And in fact, to your point, it strengthens the SMR ratio and the ESR ratio in a weakening yen scenario that we now have been in. That means that over time, the dividend capacity of Aflac Japan, all things being equal, is slightly higher than before. And you should then expect that over time more capital to find its way up to the holding company. Now that is not immediate, and it's coming through over time. So over time, you would then see a liquidity and capital at the holding company build unless we were to deploy that. And obviously, if you want to have sort of a restored EPS trajectory, you would need to deploy that capital either through dividends, buybacks or an opportunistic deployment. And obviously, we try to deploy that as best as we can to obviously generate an IRR that is north of our cost of capital and preferably with a cushion significantly above our cost of capital. Also, when you think about the capital hedge that is sitting at the holding company, the two components there, which is the first one, the yen debt that that we have, that is currently, we hold about $3.8 billion of equivalent debt denominated in yen. Right now, our leverage then obviously has declined and it's below our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. But I also know that the yen could strengthen and it could strengthen sharply and then all of a sudden, our leverage will move up sharply as well. So, we need to be quite thoughtful and sensitive to what our underlying and really look through debt capacity, yes. And I wanted to give you one number that I actually kind of look at and I find interesting. So if you take our leverage right now and you -- what sort of yen move would take us to the middle of the range, i.e., 22.5%. And that's roughly an immediate move of the yen dollar to $102. So that gives you a little bit of a sense for how we sort of think about what our debt capacity potentially could be. And then the -- the last piece as well is the forwards that we have at the holding company. They are spread out in terms of maturities. And obviously, they are in a net gain position, so they will settle into cash, but that will occur over the next 24 months, and it's fairly spread out. So, the increased cash flow to the holding company from a weakening Yen is not immediate. On a mark-to-market basis, they are, but I don't count that until they have fully settled and we have received all that cash. That's when we move the cash to become unencumbered in terms of definition. So if I take all of this and sort of wrap it up, I would say that there is a lag in terms of the cash flow to find its way to the hold the Company from all these capital hedges. And that means that you have a little bit of a lag in terms of capital deployment that would then ultimately lead to your sort of restored EPS capacity on a run rate basis. And we are currently in that sort of lag period, i.e., our reported EPS has dipped because of the gain. But then we will -- if the Yen stays at these levels, the capital hedges will start to kick in. And then over time, as we deploy that capital, that should restore our earnings power on an EPS basis going forward. That was a long answer, but I hope that was helpful.
Alex Scott: Yes. No, that was very helpful. Second question I had is on net investment income. With your net investment income, there's some more ins and outs for us to think about in terms of hedge costs, two currencies, having a floating rate portfolio, offsetting some and so forth. So, I was hoping maybe you could help us just think about when we think about all those different things, higher yields. What is your sensitivity to higher yields? I mean how would you think about the benefit in net investment income from increasing yields in the U.S. and how we should be forecasting that as we look into the future?
Dan Amos: How about Eric and Brad take that?
Eric Kirsch: Thanks, Fred. Thank you, Alex. It's Eric. I'll start, and then Brad can supplement. In terms of higher yields, those are really good tailwinds for us. We do get the benefit in the floating rate portfolio. As Fred mentioned, some of that is hedged, a good portion of it is, but we're still enjoying the upside. Right now, our reinvestment yields are higher, more or less than our redemption yields. So it's really this interest rate environment and where we're investing is accretive to net investment income. Obviously, there are some offsets and headwinds as well, headwinds being higher hedge costs for next year that we expect, but those will be offset by higher income. And of course, we have the offset of ink from the forwards that Max mentioned. And then variable net investment income, we'll just have to see. We expect some pressure in the fourth quarter given where public equity markets are, and we'll have to see for next year, if equity markets start to stabilize, we would expect to see a positive trend there again. I'll also mention, as was mentioned, we had that significant amount of call income this past quarter. So that's not going to replicate obviously. But net-net, higher rates are generally going to be accretive towards our net investment income. The last thing I'll mention is the weakening yen, obviously lowers income in dollar terms. So that's a headwind for us as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: I had a follow-up on Alex's last question. I guess, first on the floaters. Could you give us a sense of, how much is hedged? And then, and I guess, how much additional upside you could have from here based on the forward curve on the unhedged fees?
Dan Amos: Sure thing, it's approximately 70%. That number can fluctuate based on market values and the movement in interest rates, but it's approximately 70%. In terms of the sensitivity, we still have upside, but I think when we get to fab, we'll be able to illustrate that better for you in terms of some sensitivities.
Fred Crawford: I realize when one thing also to realize is that when Eric uses the 70% term, specific to the floating rate book, obviously, then 30% of it left free to enjoy downside of rates. But in addition to that, we have a fairly good amount of liquidity at the holding company, which is not hedged or remains largely floating and enjoying our rate movement. So we look at both on a combined basis to just judge our overall enterprise exposure to floating and locking in.
Ryan Krueger: And my follow-up is also related to this. Can you update us on where the yen hedge costs are running at this point? And then how to think about the offset to that from the forward of the holding company?
Eric Kirsch: Then Max may want to make some comments as well. For this year, as you know, for 2022, we locked in most of our hedge costs at the beginning of the year. And if you go back to the beginning of the year, LIBOR and hedge costs were very, very low. So I think we're running this year around 80-some-odd basis points, if I recollect right. Now if you look at the market today for one year forward, you're in the neighborhood of high 4s, low 500 basis points. So, there will be a significant pickup in our hedge costs in '23. Having said that, remember for the Japan entity where our forward sit, we've got floaters against those. So that floating rate income is going up. And even though it's 70% hedged, as we said a moment ago, that 30% unhedged should track the amount of that -- those hedge costs increase, if not even exceed those. And then finally, for the enterprise, because at Inc., we have offsetting hedges, for the enterprise, the cost increase should be relatively neutral, not exact obviously, but pretty well offset.
Max Broden: Yes. Just adding to Eric's very good memory in terms of hedge costs. Just in terms of notional, the forwards in Japan that we are rolling into this higher hedge cost environment is $4.1 billion of notional. And then at the holding company, we have $5 billion of notional that obviously benefits from the higher hedge costs and that runs through as positive net investment income at the Corporate & Other segment. That will not be immediate as those are spread out and some of that have already started to earn in, but the real impact also at the Corporate & Other segment will sort of occur in the in the 2023 time frame. But overall, this is also designed to make sure that we are not as an enterprise too exposed to any significant movements in hedge costs up or down, quite frankly. So net-net, we are actually $0.9 billion positively exposed in terms of the notional balance to the higher interest rate differential between the yen and the dollar.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Can you provide some more color on the group voluntary benefits case lapse as you alluded to about this quarter and year-to-date. Is there any common trend that you're seeing? And should we expect any more case movement during 4Q enrollment?
Fred Crawford: Thanks, Eric. It's Fred. Yes, the -- as I mentioned in my comments, we've been seeing a little bit of weaker persistency on the group side this year, individual having recovered, but there's no systemic -- when we look at each of the case losses, we don't see anything systemic in them. They vary from one of the large cases, for example, that we lost, there wasn't really a loss to competition. The Company in question simply decided to reduce the number of payroll deduction slots, if you will, for voluntary product, and so they eliminated some of their voluntary product holdings period. And in another case, there was a merger of one large company and another and we ended up not being on the winning side of that merger, which will happen from time to time. And then normal competitive landscape will come into play. And so the themes are varied, but not, frankly, unusual. What can be unusual from time to time is it can be lumpy. There are years where some of the cases that laps are not particularly sizable as compared to the cases one. There are other years where you might have lumpiness with the loss of a larger case. We are, in fact, starting to gain ground in larger case wins. And so, we're starting to build out some larger cases on our platform, which is good. And we've won several large cases this year, as you can see in some of our sales results on the group side. And so with those larger cases, you'll naturally have some lumpiness realizing this is just 15% of our earned premium. So it doesn't take much in the way of a large case to move the lapse rate on the group side, but nothing systemic. I would note one thing to, I think, Jimmy's earlier question around benefit ratio, realize that there is an interplay between lapse rates, benefit ratio and expense ratio. When you go through a period of higher lapsation, you will normally find downward pressure on your benefit ratio and upward pressure on your expense ratio. These are not big movers, which is why we don't call it out, but there is a relationship between the two. It's not necessarily a profit loss or profit on dynamic you usually on a lapse case, simply end up releasing reserves, but also writing off DAC for a somewhat net neutral impact to profitability, sometimes even a benefit to profitability, although that's not the design of what we like. So, it's not really a P&L or margin issue, but we are going to spend more time and make sure that we do what we need to do to improve persistency over time. That's a major focus of ours because we know it's something that represents opportunity.
Erik Bass: And then maybe a follow-up on Alex' question a little bit. But based on the SMR sensitivities that you provided at last year's fab, it seems like the most challenging scenario would be higher interest rates globally, wider credit spreads in a strengthening yen. And year-to-date, we haven't really seen that because of the DOJ's actions, but how do you think about the potential scenario where the BOJ eases its commitment to yield curve control and JGB yields rise and the currency appreciates. Is that a risk? Or are there other mitigating offsets?
Max Broden: It's absolutely a risk and that's why we obviously run stress tests on our SMR ratio and capital base all the time, quite frankly, and we think about these kind of scenarios, and we manage our capital accordingly. Fred mentioned, for example, that we have a significant portion significant notional level of put options protecting us from any severe strengthening of the yen that could happen in the kind of scenario that you just outlined. And we have that in place in order to protect our capital base. So, it is real. And we always have to manage for that. We make sure that we always have a strong capital ratio, so we can continue to write business and capital does not become a constraining factor for our businesses.
Fred Crawford: Something that on the topic of capital in Japan, something that will no doubt touch on at our investor conference, but you're starting to find the industry, not just Aflac slowly migrate and turn their attention more significantly to ESR and away from SMR. SMR will not fade to black or become insignificant for the industry anytime soon, but as we creep towards 2025 and the adoption of ESR, we're starting to pay more and more attention to that economic ratio, and that ratio is far less sensitive to these mark-to-market rate spread dynamics and will help with stabilizing capital position. As you know, we maintain a very strong ESR.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Just a question on Japan sales. If you're tracking up 47% quarter-to-date is what I believe I heard in an earlier response. And that was, I think, just for general agency and Daido Life. Can you just comment on what proportion of sales are those channels? And sort of taking that all together, would you expect a big increase in Q4 Japan sales overall? Any perspective there is appreciated.
David Young: Tom, this is David. I think we can say that those are mostly agency barrels.
Fred Crawford: In other words, the contribution from cancer.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: This is Yoshizumi. You're right. 47% is the agency channel sales. And we believe that we will be able to maintain this momentum in the fourth quarter as well. And that's all for me.
Tom Gallagher: And just a follow up on that. Any perspective on what this means for 4Q sales? And I'm not asking for a specific forecast, but are we looking at a pretty big sequential inflection in sales, because the launch of the new product was August, as you said. So, I just want to make sure I'm understanding the numbers here correctly, if we're looking at kind of a big outlook for sales or is it not broad enough yet to move the needle overall?
Dan Amos: I think -- this is Dan. I think what we're saying is that it is a significant increase, but it was expected. Our fourth quarter is our biggest quarter. We are expecting that as we go against the fourth quarter last year. But all in all, it's well within what we expected to do for the year -- for the quarter and for the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Ward from Citi. Please go ahead.
Mike Ward: Kind of similar to Tom's question, just wondering on U.S. sales. Growth still solid and recovering though, I guess, decelerating a little bit. Wondering if we should think about U.S. sales as maybe at pre-COVID levels yet? Or I guess, in addition, could you comment on any visibility into 4Q? I think that's the most important quarter.
Dan Amos: Virgil, why don't you take that?
Virgil Miller: Okay. Thank you, Dan. This is Virgil. Yes, we are optimistic we will see continued momentum in Q4. I remember just because of seasonality, Q4 would be our largest sales quarter. But I'm also anticipating it'd be our largest in terms of growth -- percent growth. So overall, you can expect that momentum to carry forward and again, looking for a strong performance in Q4.
Mike Ward: Okay. Do you think we're back sort of at pre-COVID levels going forward?
Virgil Miller: Yes. I'll be specific on that. So, we finished third quarter at 97% of pre-pandemic sales, and I'm expected to be over 100% in Q4, and that will carry forward throughout 2023.
David Young: All right, Jason. I think that's our last question in the line, and I appreciate everybody joining us today. I want to remind you that we will have our financial analyst briefing in New York on November 15 at the NYSE. There will also be a webcast for those who can't join in person, and registration is still open. In the interim, please reach out to Investor and Rating Agency Relations. If you have any questions, we'll be happy to help and look forward to talking to you soon. Take care.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Ratings Agency Relations and ESG. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives.  Yesterday, after the close, we posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com along with a video with Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, providing an update on our quarterly financial results and current capital and liquidity. Max will also be joining us for the Q&A segment of the call along with other members of our U.S. executive management: Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, Deputy President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Brad Dyslin, Deputy Global Chief Investment Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S.  We are also joined by members of our executive management team at Aflac Life Insurance Japan: Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; Koichiro Yoshizumi, Director, Deputy President and Director of Sales and Marketing.  Before we begin, some statements in the teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results.  As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures.  I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. As I reflect on the second quarter of 2022, our management team, employees and sales force have continued to adapt more tirelessly to be there for the policy holders when they need us the most, just as we promised.  Aflac Incorporated reported solid results for the second quarter with net earnings per diluted share of $2.16 and $3.73 year-to-date. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were solid at $1.46 in the second quarter and $2.88 for the first 6 months, supported in part by the continuation of the low benefit ratio associated with the pandemic conditions. Also contributing was a better-than-expected investment income, including returns from alternative investments. We remain cautiously optimistic as our efforts focus on growth and efficiency initiatives amid this evolving pandemic backdrop.  Looking at our operation in Japan in the second quarter. Aflac Japan generated strong overall financial results with a profit margin of 27.4%. This was again above the outlook range we provided at the November 2021 financial analyst briefing. Persistency remains strong. However, sales continued to be somewhat constrained as the pandemic conditions that impact our ability to meet face-to-face with customers. Also contributed to the quarterly results was the 2021 comparison following the launch of our new medical product.  Regarding Japan Post strategic alliance, as part of our ongoing collaboration and governance framework, I traveled to Japan towards the end of June to meet with Japan Post Holdings' CEO, Mr. Masuda, along with the presidents of Japan Post Postal and Insurance Companies. We had an understanding and productive visit discussing our plans. This included a renewed commitment from executive management to drive sales with a focus on distribution, growth and marketing of cancer insurance.  Aflac Japan has continued to offer sales support to Japan Post, especially after the new fiscal year began in April of 2022 and following Japan Post sales structure transformation. This support includes further aligning of our sales offices with Japan Post regional offices to strengthen support and to share our best practices. As you may recall, under the new structure, sales employees focus solely on selling Japan Post insurance products and Aflac Japan's cancer insurance product.  We have made gradual progress towards providing cancer insurance protection to more consumers, demonstrated by the increased proposal activity and sequential monthly sales growth during the second quarter. There is more progress to be made, and we continue to work to strengthen the strategic alliance to create a sustained cycle of growth for both companies. We believe that sales through Japan Post Group will improve in the second half of the year as sales employees gain more experience and momentum.  As we look forward to 2023, we will introduce our new cancer insurance product through Japan Post likely in the second quarter. This will allow both entities to invest in a more complex, coordinated required by the distribution system of this size. We plan to launch our revised cancer product and agencies in the second half of 2022, and we continue to expect stronger overall sales in the second quarter of the year. This assumes that pandemic conditions do not escalate and that sales productivity continues to improve at Japan Post Group and that we execute on our product introductions and refreshment plans.  Turning to the U.S., we saw a solid profit margin of 21.4%. I'm pleased with the U.S. sales momentum has continued with a 15.6% sales increase in the second quarter. This reflects continued adaptation to the pandemic conditions, growth in the core products and our investment and build-out of growth initiatives. While Aflac network dental and vision and group premier life, asset management and disability solutions, which we call PLADS, a relatively small part of our sales, we are pleased with how they are contributing to our growth.  Our growth initiatives modestly impacted the top line in the short term, but also tend to be accompanied by the sale of our core supplemental health products. In combination with our core products, they also better position Aflac U.S. for future long-term success. The need for our products we offer is as strong or stronger than ever before. At the same time, we know consumers' habits and buying preferences have been evolving. We remain focused on being able to sell and service customers whether in person or virtually. This is part of the ongoing strategy to increase access, penetration and retention.  Turning to capital deployment. We placed significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and Japan on behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. We continue to generate strong investment results while remaining in a defensive position as we monitor evolving economic conditions. In addition, we've taken proactive steps in recent years to defend cash flow and deployable capital against a weakening yen. When it comes to capital deployment, we pursue value creation through a balance of actions, including growth investments, stable dividend growth and disciplined and tactical stock repurchase. It goes without saying that we treasure our 39-year track record of dividend growth, and we remain committed to extending it, supported by the strength of capital and cash flows.  In 2022, we remained in the market repurchasing shares with a tactical approach. In the second quarter, Aflac Incorporated deployed $650 million in capital to repurchase 11.2 million of its common shares, bringing the 6-month total to $1.15 billion in purchase and 19.2 million of the shares. With this approach, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership. Keep in mind, in addition, we have among the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry.  We've also focused on integrating the growth investments that we've made. We are well positioned as we work towards achieving long-term growth while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to the policyholders. I don't think it's a coincidence that we have achieved success while focusing on doing the right things for the policyholders, shareholders, employees, sales distribution, business partners and communities. I'm proud of what we've accomplished in terms of both our social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong long-term shareholder return.  We also believe that the underlying strength of our business and our potential for continued growth in Japan and the United States, the 2 of the largest life insurance markets in the world. Thank you again for joining us this morning. And now I'm going to turn it over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Before commenting on our results, let me start with some perspective on how we're positioned when considering current U.S. economic conditions. We have not witnessed this level of inflation in the U.S. in many years, and we are closely monitoring conditions. Wage inflation and full employment is generally supportive of growth in worksite benefits. However, when considering voluntary product, there is a question as to how much of any increased income is available for supplemental products as real wages are likely neutral to down.  Our benefits are defined at time of purchase and do not adjust for health care inflation. Therefore, we do not expect any measurable impact on claims. In terms of recruiting and retaining agents, it can be more of a challenge as agents are commission-only and need to keep pace with any increase in costs. When looking at enterprise margins, the impact of inflation does apply upward pressure on expenses. However, this is mitigated by rising rates and additional investment income, having built a significant floating rate loan portfolio.  In terms of the risk of economic slowdown and recession, our business model is generally defensive in nature with low asset leverage and exposure to risk assets. Profits and cash flow are driven largely by morbidity margins that tend to remain stable during periods of economic volatility. While employment levels may decrease, we often benefit in the recruiting side during an economic slowdown versus today's tight labor markets.  Max spoke in his recorded comments to the work we have done to defend our cash flow from weakness in the yen, we have built a sizable unhedged US-dollar portfolio in Japan, shifted most of our senior debt to yen for both hedging and cost of capital purposes and maintain a flexible hedging position at the holding company. It's important to understand what makes all this possible: significant economic value, strong capital ratios and predictable cash flow out of Japan.  Overall, in recognizing the balance we have in operating in the U.S. and Japan, we like how we are positioned to defend our performance under today's U.S. inflationary conditions and the potential for economic slowdown. We see no interruption in our core margins and return of capital to shareholders, including dividend pattern and share repurchase.  Turning back to our businesses and beginning with Japan. COVID cases have surged again with daily new cases reaching 200,000, up significantly from already elevated levels earlier in July and considerably higher than levels experienced in the second quarter. However, hospitalization and deaths remain low. Based on commentary from the Japanese government, there does not appear to be plans to introduce a nationwide state of emergency, which are typically triggered by both increasing cases and declining hospital capacity.  We continue to experience elevated COVID-incurred claims, driven by its designation as an infectious disease and deemed hospitalization, which allows for payment of claims for care outside the hospital. We would expect the recent surge in COVID cases to apply pressure to near-term benefit ratios. While not guaranteed, this may be partially offset by other drivers of hospitalization and care, which have remained low during periods of higher COVID. Our data suggests this is driven by increased and less expensive outpatient treatments as policyholders and their doctors seek to avoid going to the hospital with COVID cases on the rise.  With respect to COVID's classification under the Infectious Disease law, August 1, a special committee of the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare started reviewing COVID's classification under the law. Revision of the classification requires amending the law, which is expected to be discussed at the extraordinary Diet session beginning in September at the earliest.  Having just spent a few weeks in Japan, the general population remains cautious with respect to the potential for COVID infection. With widespread infection, this is not simply a matter of customer behavior and face-to-face interaction but also agents who are sidelined temporarily with COVID. As a result, we typically experience reduced proposal volumes during periods of elevated cases, an early indication of potential sales weakness.  While COVID conditions remain outside our control, our work continues to position Japan for sales recovery in the second half of the year and as we move into 2023. These actions include items that Dan referenced in his comments, such as accelerating the launch of our new cancer product, direct marketing campaigns more closely tied to targeted TV advertising and adjusting our distribution model for better alignment with our third-party partners.  We continue to review our broader product portfolio, both first and third sector, for enhancements designed to increase the value proposition for our policyholders, offer a broad product lineup for our core distribution partners and secure our competitive position in the market. We have been making investments in technology and in working with our distribution partners to reduce launch costs associated with product refreshment and development. It's becoming clear that both the competitive environment and our broader product line creates a product refreshment cycle that is more continuous in nature.  Separately, our incubated businesses continue to develop. We are seeing favorable results piloting Hatch Healthcare, our provider of noninsurance support, to develop the ecosystem for both cancer and nursing care policyholders and expect to expand availability in early 2023. Our short-term insurance subsidiary, Sidachi, was launched in early 2021 and currently offers 2 products: a substandard medical product and a disability product aimed at the contingent or freelance workforce in Japan. Sidachi serves 2 strategic purposes: to grow and develop these specialized markets; and second, as a proof-of-concept platform for product innovation that may become more broadly popular in the future. We can't control COVID conditions but we are not standing still. We will develop these themes in more detail at our financial analyst briefing in November.  Turning to the U.S., and as you are aware, COVID conditions are also elevated. This is not currently causing any issue in terms of either our operations or distribution in the U.S. We saw persistency recover to more normal levels when isolating results in the quarter and accounting for seasonality. Account persistency has remained stable through the year. So we believe this is driven by an increase in employee turnover with tight labor markets. There are moving parts when looking year-over-year, including the retirement of state mandates that serve to reduce lapsation.  As Dan noted in his comments, we continue to deliver a balanced performance. We see recovery in the small business market with growth in veteran average weekly producers while also continuing to strengthen relationships with our broker partners. For example, split by product type, group voluntary was up 16%; individual benefits, up 11%; split by channel, agent sales were up 11% and broker up 22%.  The combination of network dental and vision and premier life and disability were ahead of our plan as we continue to see strong performance with our buy-to-build properties. We were up 175%, albeit off a smaller but building base. Direct-to-consumer is down 7% and largely the result of the increase in costs associated with organically generating, purchasing and converting leads and meeting our return expectations.  In terms of the U.S. expense ratio, it's important to identify the impact of our build investments. We have 3 important business initiatives underway that are essential to the future growth of the company. These investments include group life, disability and asset management, network dental and vision and having a digital direct-to-consumer platform to reach consumers that are outside the traditional workforce.  In the quarter, investment in these efforts impacted our expense ratio by 280 basis points, and we would expect this pace of investment to continue for the rest of 2022 and into 2023. Our 2021 outlook for a 3% to 5% compound annual growth rate in revenue through 2026 is largely driven by these 3 growth platforms and related halo impact of cross-sell and retention of core voluntary products.  In the next 3 years, we expect a natural swing in these platforms from contributing to an elevated expense ratio to being the principal driver of returning to more normalized levels. In the interim, we are navigating investment in the future growth, advancements in our digital platform while maintaining strong profitability.  Turning to Global Investments. With the rise in short-term interest rates driven by Federal Reserve as they combat inflation, together with deployment activity, net investment income generated from our $12 billion floating rate portfolio is currently estimated to increase approximately $160 million for the year as compared to our original plan. As mentioned last quarter, we have locked in the favorable LIBOR curve on a large portion of our portfolio and expect continued tailwinds to floating rate income going into 2023. Along with being an attractive asset class and strategic to our U.S. dollar program in Japan, our floating rate book acts as a logical hedge against inflationary cost pressure.  We maintain a book of foreign exchange hedge instruments on our U.S. dollar portfolio in Japan that is also impacted by inflation as the cost of these forward contracts are generally aligned with short-term rates in the U.S. However, we have locked in those costs for 2022 and have offsetting hedge instruments at the holding company that serve to neutralize the impact to the enterprise.  Our alternatives portfolio continues to deliver strong results. We fully expect lower valuations of these portfolios in the second half of the year as private equity marks track public equity valuations, likely resulting in giving back much of their 2022 gains. There is a well-understood lag in reporting numbers on private equity, and this is a natural expectation given private equity's correlation to the public equity returns.  Naturally, we are closely monitoring economic conditions and the chance of recession. We maintain a defensive position to risk assets in terms of private and real estate equity, our investment thesis and risk appetite remains the same. We are willing to accept some equity market volatility to earn 10-plus percent over the long term, adding to NII or net investment income, on a risk-adjusted basis. We maintain a conservative allocation of under 3% of our invested assets with marginal growth expected over the next 5 years.  We closely monitor our middle market and transitional real estate portfolios where recessionary impacts could be felt sooner. We expect these portfolios to perform well given their senior, secured, first lien structure, protective covenants, reasonable leverage and private equity sponsorship for middle-market loans as well as a high degree of diversification. The portfolio has performed well during the stressful period of COVID, and we expect they will continue to.  I'll now hand the call back to David to take us to Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Andrea will now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: So I wanted to touch on U.S. losses. Last quarter, it was a little troubling. In this quarter it seems to have returned to more normal levels. Can you talk a little more about what was driving that? Was it purely just macro conditions? Or -- I know you're looking at various initiatives to help improve it. Was that a play as well? And then also looking forward, do you expect higher inflation have an impact on activity as well?
Frederick Crawford: Nigel, it's Fred. Let me comment on lapse rates. When we talk about -- as you know, we report our lapse rates on a trailing 12-month basis. And as a result, you'll see pressure in our reported lapse ratios year-over-year. And so what we have done is looked at our quarterly lapse rates seasonally adjusted when we make our comments about a recovery in lapse rates. And let me give you an idea.  Our lapse rate in the quarter, or said differently, our persistency in the quarter -- for the second quarter only was around 79%. And that is approximately equal to the pre-COVID levels of lapse rates that we tend to enjoy or persistency that we tend to enjoy in the second quarter. To give you an idea, before COVID, we would travel again around that 79% rate. It rose up into the 81% territory over the last couple of years, and we believe that's largely related to the state mandates that require keeping policies in place. As those started to expire and have now largely expired, we've traveled back into normal persistency.  In the first quarter, what spooked us is that our persistency in that quarter was around 74.5%, and that seasonally adjusted was about 200 basis points lower than we expect. We always expect the first quarter persistency to be lower because it has implications. It's timed related to annual enrollment process and year-end process, so it's normally a lower persisting quarter. But in this case, it traveled about 200 basis points lower than we would have expected, and that's what gave rise to our comments last quarter. So we're very pleased to see it recover back to normal seasonal adjustments in the second quarter, and that would be my comment there. We'll have to obviously monitor it as we go forward.  To my comments on inflation, I would tell you that we don't see necessarily the implications of inflation impacting lapse rates, per se. Right now, we haven't seen any evidence of that. But it's a very unusual inflationary period, and quite honestly, we don't have a lot of history of inflation at these levels and watching how our business behaves. And that's why I have some of the cautionary language. Thus far, I would tell you, we don't see any acute implications from inflation, but we simply want to note the fact that we're going to monitor that. Again, we see offsetting dynamics related to inflation, so we don't see this as having an impact to overall U.S. financial performance.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan Securities.
Jamminder Bhullar: So I had a question on sales trends in the U.S. and in Japan, and if you could talk about how sales trended through the quarter. And specifically on Japan, it seems like your comments are pretty positive on an expected improvement in sales. Are you seeing that? Or are you just hopeful that things will get better? And then just relatedly, any impact that you're seeing on your production activities in Japan because of the recent increase in COVID cases?
Daniel Amos: Let me let ask Yoshizumi to answer that.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: This is Yoshizumi. Let me answer your question. For the second quarter of 2022, so a downturn continuing from first quarter, as sales of the new medical insurance product had run its course after its release in January last year. Additionally, COVID-19 continue to have a negative impact on sales activities as the number of new cases increased 8.2x compared to the same period last year, although intensive infection prevention measures have been lifted.  While COVID-19 infections have been rapidly increasing since the start of July, Japan is experiencing its seventh wave and uncertainty remains. While having said that, from the third quarter, we are hopeful that sales will exceed last year's results, building on the new cancer insurance product launch and the gradual recovery of Japan Post Group sales. That's all for me.
Teresa White: I'll ask Virgil to respond to the U.S. sales question.
Virgil Miller: Thank you, Teresa. As Fred and Dan shared earlier, we did see a 15.6% increase in sales. Very pleased with the second quarter performance. I think Fred said it well, though. It's a combination of what we're seeing from our distribution channels. If you think about the small market, which was disrupted quite heavily at the beginning from COVID, we've seen a solid recovery. It's really driven by our veterans returning to producing. We saw another increase in our veteran average week of producers, and we saw an increase in productivity from our veterans.  And then when you look at the large case space, it was less disrupted by COVID. We continue to see great performance from our broker partners in that space. We saw a 24% quarter-over-quarter increase in production from our brokers. So when you look at it, how we're going to the market in large with our brokers, large case space with our brokers and continue to see recovery in the small market with our veterans, overall, we're pleased with that quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Scott: First one I had is on the Japan benefit ratios. I guess when I think about the, I think it was 190 basis points you caught out of unfavorable COVID claims and -- but then the normalized benefit ratio that's materially higher, could you help us think through, I think it was over a 400 basis point delta associated with these IBNR releases, when you sort of go through that. And I struggle with it because I know you guys have had favorable IBNR over time. I mean, do you have any way of sort of breaking that apart a little for us and helping us think through like what portion of it is more the outpatient treatments associated with COVID specifically? I mean, any help with how to sort of figure out where things should be on a run rate basis.
Max Broden: Thank you, Alex. If you start with -- obviously, you make the walk from the reported benefit ratio of 67.4% to adjusting for all the sort of special factors in the quarter, you get to 69.8%. What I think is reasonable to sort of add back is the sort of run rate more permanent or somewhat permanent reserve releases that we have experienced from favorable hospitalization trends, et cetera. Those added up in the quarter to about 170 basis points. And that's what we have seen historically run through our results.  So if I were to adjust for that to sort of get to -- sort of adding back what we normally see as an ongoing reserve release in each quarter, you get back to 68.1% in sort of an adjusted underlying benefit ratio for the quarter. Going forward, over time, these reserve releases have been running relatively high recently, and we would expect those to continue, maybe not at the level of 170 basis points, but we certainly expect an element of that going forward.
Alexander Scott: Got it. That was really helpful. Next one I had is just on inflation and the expenses. I heard some of the comments that, that could put upward pressure on expenses. I mean, is that material enough for us to think about maybe a different range for expense ratios? I know things are a little more focused on the back half or expenses as well. So I was just wondering if there's any update to sort of the expense ratio guide that you guys have out there.
Frederick Crawford: I think essentially, where we face inflation is in just a couple of areas. One, predominantly is simply wage inflation, so your overall headcount and what we're all experiencing and seeing in the market with wage inflation and salary inflation. And we've got to do that. We've got to fall in line to retain and keep our talent, and we'll do so.  Having said that, for a company our size, our employment levels are quite manageable. I mean, we're a very large U.S. and Japan company, but we have 5,300 employees in the U.S. and approximately 7,000 in Japan. And so we don't have the type of business model that is overly concentrated from that perspective. And so therefore, the wage inflation numbers, while they do apply pressure, they're more manageable.  There's also certain contracts that we have, and quite frankly, the industry has that will have inflation riders. And so certain IT and servicing contracts often have inflationary provisions that kick into place when inflation gets out of control. That can also calm back down as inflation gets back into control. Overall, what I would tell you is inflation in and of itself is not causing us to rethink our guidance on expense ratios.  The bigger moves on expense ratios is what I noted in the fact that we're heavily investing in growth platforms. We're very pleased to see that the growth is coming through in those platforms, as I mentioned in my comments. But it's going to -- that's really going to weigh on expense ratios in the U.S. more than inflationary pressure issues.
Max Broden: And just to add one reminder. Obviously, expense ratio, it's a ratio. And you have net investment income coming into play here as well, and it helps boost the top line, and therefore, gives you some relief on the expense ratio when you think about the inflationary pressures. And the last piece is that, yes, we do obviously acknowledge that it is putting upward pressure on expenses in dollar terms as well, and we are taking active actions in order to combat that as well.
Daniel Amos: And I'll also remind you that 1.5 years ago, we had a voluntary program for retirement in the U.S., and about 10% of our workforce retired. So we -- this is not something that has not been top of mind. [Technical Difficulty].
Max Broden: Operator?
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was hoping you can provide a little bit more detail on the NII outlook. I think Fred mentioned $160 million of higher expected NII in 2022 than the original plan. Just wanted to confirm, is this gross or net of hedge costs? And then how should we think about the impact moving into 2023 when, I guess, floating rate NII should continue to build but hedge costs will also reset and probably move higher?
Eric Kirsch: Fred, would you like me to take that?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, please, Eric.
Eric Kirsch: Sure thing. The numbers that Fred quoted are gross of currency hedge costs. They are net of interest rate hedging because we've done some interest rate hedging with respect to the floating rate book. So I just want to bifurcate those two buckets. And as a reminder, for this year, our FX hedge costs are primarily locked in, like 95%, 98% of those hedge costs are pretty locked in. Clearly, going into next year, the cost of hedging is substantially higher, and we still carry about $4.1 billion or so forwards on the Japan dollar program. So the hedge costs next year will certainly go up. But as a reminder, we have what we call the back-to-back program or sort of countering forwards at inc.  So for the enterprise, the FX hedge cost from a forward perspective should stay relatively stable on a net basis. We do have some FX options on the book as well that help us with tail protection for the unhedged portion of the dollar program in Japan. And those are based on options pricing. We do expect those to go up, which won't necessarily have an offset, but we do often look at our hedge ratios and how much we want hedged. So the amount of that could be a variable but we would expect the option costs to go up as well.  And then more broadly speaking, when you look at next year's forecast from the perspective of where do we think our floating rate income is going, as Fred said, we still expect tailwinds. The forward curve for LIBOR is still upward sloping. We're all watching the Fed. And assuming it stays where it is, we would expect further tailwinds in floating rate income for next year. But again, the Fed is moving with inflation in the markets. The latest Fed meeting was a little bit more dovish than hawkish for the future. So it's -- so that's going to be a moving target, if you will.  However, having said that, and we reported on this before, on our floating rate book, we have put on interest rate hedges. And we did that because at the beginning of the year with the aggressive Fed hikes, an increase in LIBOR, when we do our financial planning over a 3- and 5-year period, we saw that there's a substantial increase based on the forward curves in that floating rate income over that time period. But we also know that there's no guarantee we'll get that. It all depends on where LIBOR is at that time.  So the purpose of the interest rate hedge was to say, given that potential large increase in income, why not lock in a good portion of it and put better surety around that, which we did. So it gives us great protection now in case in the future there's recession and the Fed starts to lower rates. But we didn't hedge all of it. So we still have some upside as well if rates should continue to go up. So that's a picture, if you will, of the future and some specifics on the hedge cost.
Erik Bass: That's helpful. And just to confirm then, given the back-to-back program, should we really think of most of the kind of NII uplift from the higher floating rate yields dropping to the bottom line at an enterprise level, realizing it may not -- you may see less of an impact in the Japan segment and more of it in corporate?
Frederick Crawford: That's correct. Basically, you would see as the locked-in hedge costs roll off and we go into a new level of hedge costs in Japan, you would see those hedge costs increase. But then that same increase would be offset by increased hedge income at the corporate level so that there'd be no effective impact to the enterprise. And then also keep in mind what Eric said, that of the $12 billion in floating rate portfolio, our hedge instruments are around $4 billion notional. And so we still have an ability to enjoy outside net investment income despite the rise in hedge costs.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Just a follow-up on Eric's question. So if we're getting $160 million of higher NII from the floaters, does that influence your thinking around expense initiatives, maybe an opportunity to accelerate that in order to generate maybe faster growth going forward?
Frederick Crawford: Well, they are two different topics. What I would tell you -- if what you're saying is would you accelerate your initiatives and actually increase the pace of investment with added net investment income, we're not really adjusting our plans around NII up or down. The plans we have around investing in our platform are really related to core growth in earned premium, policies in force, sales and overall efficiency measures. So it really would not render any impact on those plans.  And I do want to highlight, as Dan mentioned in his comments, we are very much at work in terms of addressing the long-term expense structure, both in Japan and in the U.S., and have several initiatives underway to drive productivity improvements and efficiency improvements. Those do require near-term investment, but we have plans in place to help our expense dynamics and certainly combat any inflationary pressure as we go forward. But none of that, Suneet, is really impacted by watching NII move up and down.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Got it. And then just shifting to Japan. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on this COVID as an infectious disease policy that the government has. Maybe what are your expectations for the, I guess, early September conversation around this that the government will have? And I believe that your products have certain caps in terms of number of days where benefits can be drawn. Is there any risk to potentially that changing in the future?
Frederick Crawford: I think perhaps Koide-san can address that. We can add our color here in the U.S., But Koide-san, maybe address your views of the Diet conversation in September.
Masatoshi Koide: Yes. This is Aflac Japan, Koide. So as Fred mentioned earlier, the discussion and deliberation related to COVID-19 infection disease law discussion is really gaining momentum. And in light of the situation, experts from the government subcommittee on countermeasures against infectious disease [indiscernible] coronavirus and the National Governors Association have proposed a review of the classification.  And also, as Fred mentioned earlier, starting from August 1, a special committee of the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare started reviewing COVID-19's classification under the law. And revision of the classification under the infectious disease law requires amending the law, which is expected to be discussed at the extraordinary Diet session beginning in September at the earliest.  So we cannot predict the outcome of the Diet discussion, and we would highlight that it is not focused on the insurance industry. Rather, it is focused on how the law has pressured the overall health care system. However, we feel it is a positive development that a dialogue is taking place on the issue. That's all for me.
Frederick Crawford: So I would also just note something that I think is perhaps obvious, but just to be clear. This is really not uniquely an Aflac issue. The major insurance companies in Japan are all facing substantial increased claims activity on medical policies. In fact, we're not even among the top few in terms of the volume of claims we have relative to other peers in the industry, domestic insurers with large platforms. So this is really broadly based.  We can't confirm some of these statistics, but there's been recent news articles suggesting that the amount of claims paid in the month of June, for example, under medical policies was up nearly twelvefold over the same time period last year this time. So it is absolutely pressuring the system. And we think that the legislative community in Japan is taking this under consideration and realizing they've got to contemplate a change in the law.
Daniel Amos: While saying that, we're still very comfortable with our projections for 2022. So I want to make sure you grasp that.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I guess, first, could you just give us some sense of how much NII uplift in the current quarter did you realize from higher short-term rates on the floating portfolio?
Frederick Crawford: Go ahead, Eric.
Eric Kirsch: It's Eric. It was about $38 million for the quarter, but that's in total for the portfolio. But just from rates alone, it's around $2 million to $4 million. And that's pretty logical because if you think about the ascent of LIBOR, it really didn't start increasing until February, March, April, and these are 1 month of quarterly reset. So the impact from just rates alone on the floaters was rather small, but we did have other portfolio activity around deployment. The new money yield on deployment was better than planned. We were able to purchase some floating rate assets ahead of plan from a particular provider. So a number of portfolio activities really added to most of that increase. But as the year goes by, the impact from rates alone just continues to get higher because of that substantial rise in LIBOR.
Ryan Krueger: I guess just to clarify, is the $38 million part of the $160 million? Or should we think about the $2 million to $3 million as...
Eric Kirsch: $38 million is part of the $160 million, that's just for the second quarter. And the $160 million is for the full year forecast.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Understood. And then I guess, in the U.S. did you see any normalization in the benefit ratio as we went through the quarter or it was pretty spread throughout?
Max Broden: I think it's relatively well spread out over the quarter. There was no specific movements between the different reporting months in the quarter.
Frederick Crawford: One thing back on Japan to just make sure that you're capturing is, again, when it comes to these COVID cases we're talking about, just want to make sure you take to heart Max's comments and Dan's comments and my script comments, and that is the very same dynamic that is giving rise to these higher infectious disease COVID claims, we believe are absolutely impacting the rate of hospitalization on other claims activities, not the least of which is cancer insurance related claims.  And remember, again, as you all know, we are a dominant cancer insurance provider. And so when the world of Japan health care moves to more outpatient treatment, that has material implications for your cancer claims and how they trend over time. So this is why, despite all of the comments around COVID claims and increases in medical claims, you still see a low benefit ratio in Japan even by historical standards. There's no guarantee of that direct correlation, but it's certainly what we have seen in the data thus far.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher: First question, back on the floating rate portfolio. The -- so the $12 billion floating rate portfolio in the transitional real estate, Eric, how do you feel about the quality of those portfolios if we do enter into a recession? Would you expect the higher yield you're getting on to keep the higher yield on a net basis? Or would you expect some portion of that is going to be given back through impairments? And are you looking to grow that portfolio or you're keeping it steady?
Eric Kirsch: Sure thing. And Tom, actually, since we have Brad Dyslin on the call, who's my deputy but also in charge of credit, I'm going to shift that question over to Brad.
Bradley Dyslin: Thank you, Eric. And thank you for the question, Tom. We're definitely paying very close attention to both of these portfolios. As I think Fred mentioned in his opening comments, we think this is where as the economy slows down, we could see the first sign of any issues. We're really focused, as you would expect, on their ability -- especially in our middle-market loan portfolio, their ability to pass along these cost increases and absorb higher financing costs.  We've worked very closely with our managers. We stressed the portfolio for some very severe outcomes, and we think any potential loss is going to be very manageable. When you look across the space, we feel we have a relatively high-quality portfolio across middle-market lending. It's all first lien. We have modest leverage. It's a very well-diversified portfolio.  We think there's some inherent characteristics that allowed us to perform well during COVID, and we -- the COVID shock, and we think it will continue to support the portfolio with a downturn. Now of course, we don't expect to come through entirely unscathed. We would be surprised that we didn't have a few losses if we get the kind of downturn that is possible. But we don't expect it to be overly material.  In the real estate portfolio, again, it all boils down to the quality of assets you underwrite, the leverage you have, and in the case of transitional real estate, how well we underwrite the actual transition of the asset, the strength of the sponsor and the strength of the business plan. Again, we stressed this portfolio with our managers and we feel really good about how we're positioned and don't currently expect we'll have any losses in real estate. But of course, we're keeping a very close eye on it.
Eric Kirsch: Tom, I would also just add to Brad's remarks. Just as a reminder, for our TREs and middle-market loans, these are first lien, senior secured assets. We take a more conservative approach to those asset classes. We definitely earn higher yields and spreads, but that's to offset the risk that we're taking. The other reminder is just from a financial standpoint, we do take a CECL reserve for these asset classes. And those are, generally speaking, based on long-term historical default rates.  Based on Brad's comments and our actual expected performance, while certainly we won't come out of this unscathed, my suspicion is we will outperform those CECL reserves. And in essence, while there could be some losses in the future depending on how deep a recession is, how long it will be, it will be much better performance than the expected CECL reserves that we've taken already.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Just one quick follow-up. The U.S. earned premium is still modestly declined despite the sales recovery and some improved persistency, and I know there's a bit of a lag here in terms of how that earns in. But based on what you're seeing now, would you expect earned premium to begin to grow again in the second half and then maybe pick up in 2023?
Max Broden: We would expect an improvement throughout the year and then that it really picks up in 2023 as lapses come down and we continue to see sales growth.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Can you maybe talk about foot traffic in shops in Japan in 2Q versus 1Q? Because I know that's a metric you've discussed previously.
Frederick Crawford: Are you talking about our walk-in shops and shop traffic? Is that the question?
John Barnidge: Yes, that's correct.
Frederick Crawford: Yes. I think I would ask Yoshizumi-san in Japan to answer that question. I don't have that data right in front of me. Yoshizumi-san, do you have any data on the level of traffic through our retail shops?
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Thank you, Fred. Let me answer the question. This is Yoshizumi. Well, the number of customers in-store or the shop in the second quarter was at the same level as the previous year, and which indicates a recovery from the first quarter when we had a negative 9.3%. That said, this figure has not yet returned to pre-COVID-19 levels, and we will continue monitoring the trend in the number of visiting customers. That's all for me.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Ward of Citi.
Michael Ward: I just wanted to expand on the concept of delayed cancer screenings. I think Dan was actually talking about this on CNBC this morning. But just wondering if you could maybe give an update on what you're seeing in terms of cancer severity and the impact -- potential impact from delayed screening in the U.S. and Japan?
Daniel Amos: Well, I mentioned it on CNBC when I was talking to Joe. And we have not seen an enormous jump of any kind that was not actuarially computated. So we're falling within our ranges. Saying that, it's now getting -- from the original, it's getting out to be 2.5 years it's been. So I think the chances are less and less as we move forward. But at the same time, it's just to show you how you don't know what you have ahead of you. And -- but all of our tracking says that we should have seen more if it was going to really spike by now. And I've got a guy that knows all the actuarial computation is shaking his head, that's correct. So that's the answer.
Max Broden: One thing I would add to that answer is that we have seen first occurrence coming back to more normal levels. And obviously, that tends to be -- should be a leading indicator for our overall total cancer claims. So overall, we're still running a little bit low where we would expect to be in the low pre-pandemic levels, but in component of first diagnosis and first occurrence, is generally back both in the U.S. and in Japan to more normal levels.  And we've said before and we still expect that there is sort of a level of cancer out there to be detected within our policyholder base that we think will come our way at some point. We just haven't seen the full impact of that yet. And all of that is incorporated in our guidance for benefit ratios going forward.
Daniel Amos: But I think most people that were going to the doctor and, whatever, they were having checkups, are now back to normal. And it's been going on probably for a year or so. So we feel pretty good about those numbers. And that's one reason we said, overall, we feel good about even the issue in Japan regarding the government's move here and how we can handle those claims. So we feel well positioned.
David Young: All right. Thank you, Mike, and thank you, Andrea. I believe that was our last question, and we're a little past the top of the hour. I want to thank you all for joining us. I hope you'll mark your calendars for Tuesday, November 15, for our financial analyst briefing. And we look forward to seeing and talking to you then. Until then, please reach out to Investor and Rating Agency Relations with any questions that you may have, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Take care.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Rating Agency Relations and ESG. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea. And good morning. Welcome all to Aflac Incorporated's first quarter earnings call. This morning we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives.  Yesterday after the close we posted our earnings release and financial supplements to investors.aflac.com along with a video with Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, who provided an update on our quarterly financial results and current capital and liquidity. Max will be joining us for the Q&A segment of the call along with other members of our U.S. Executive Management. Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, Deputy President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments. Brad Dyslin, Deputy Global Chief Investment Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our Executive Management Team at Aflac Life Insurance Japan. Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO, Koichiro Yoshizumi, Director, Deputy President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we began, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. And we encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David and good morning. Thank you for joining us. As I reflect on the first quarter of 2022. I'm thankful for the dedication, compassion and hard work of our committed Aflac team in the United States and Japan. Our management team, employees, sales force have continued to work tirelessly to be there for the policyholders when they need us most, just as we promise. As Max highlighted in his video update, Aflac Incorporated reported first quarter net earnings per diluted share of $1.58 in the first quarter of 2022. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were solid at $1.42 in the first quarter, supported in part by the continuation of a low benefit ratio associated with the pandemic conditions. Also contributed were better than expected returns from alternative investments, despite the weakening of the yen. We remain cautiously optimistic as we continue to navigate the pandemic. Looking at the operations in Japan in the first quarter, Aflac Japan generated strong overall financial results with a profit margin of 25.3%. This was above the outlook range that we provided at the November 2021 financial analyst briefing. Persistency remains strong, however, sales were constrained as a quasi-states of emergency remained in place through mid-March. This impacted our ability to meet face-to-face with customers also contributing to the decline in the quarter were comparisons of the first quarter of 2021 When our new medical product was launched. Aflac Japan has continued to offer support to Japan Post Group as it gears up for the start of the new fiscal year of April 2022. This included the transfer of approximately 10,000 Japan Post company sales employees to Japan Post insurance. These sales employees will focus solely on selling Japan Post insurance products and Aflac's Japan's cancer insurance product. Since it may take some time for these employees to ramp up sales activities under the new framework, we anticipate sales momentum picking up in the second half of the year. On that note, as part of the ongoing collaboration and governance framework of the strategic alliance. I'm excited to be traveling to Japan towards the end of June to meet with Mr. Masuda Japan Post Holding CEO along with the President of Japan Post Postal and insurance companies. Given this we expect stronger overall sales in the second half of the year, assuming that the pandemic conditions do not escalate that we execute on our product introductions and refreshment plans, and the sales productivity continues to improve in Japan Post Group. Turning to Aflac U.S., we saw a solid profit margin of 19.8%. This results was also above the outlook range that we provided at the Financial Analyst Briefing. I'm pleased that our U.S. sales momentum has continued from the fourth quarter with a 19% annual sales increase in the first quarter. This reflects continued improvements in the pandemic conditions, growth in our core products and investment in a build out of growth initiatives. While Aflac Dental and Vision and Group Premier Life, Absent Management and Disability Solutions, which we call plants are relatively small part of our sales. We are very pleased with how they're contributing to our growth. Our growth initiatives modestly impacted the top-line in the short-term, but also tend to comp -- excuse me, they tend to be accompanied by the sale of our core supplemental health products, as Fred will explain in a moment. In combination with our core products they also better position Aflac U.S. for future long-term success. The need for the products we offer is as strong or stronger than ever before. At the same time, we know that consumers habits and buying preferences have been evolving. We remain focused on being able to sell and service customers, whether in person or virtually. This is part of our ongoing strategy to increase access, penetration and retention. Turning to capital deployment, we play significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the United States and Japan on behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. When it comes to capital deployment. We pursue value creation through a balance of actions, including growth investments, stable dividend growth, a discipline and tactical stock repurchase. It goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth. The fourth quarters declaration marked our 39th consecutive year of dividend increases. This is a record we seek to extend demonstrated by our 21.2% increase in the first quarter cash dividend. 2020 will remain in the market purchasing shares with a tactical approach. In the first quarter Aflac Incorporated deployed $500 million in capital to repurchase $8 million of its common shares. With this approach, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership. Keep in mind, in addition, we have among the highest return on capital and lowest cost of capital in the industry. We have also focused on integrating the growth investments we've made. I don't think it's a coincidence that we've achieved success, while focusing on doing the right things for our policyholders, shareholders, employees, sales distribution, business partners and communities. I'm proud of what we've accomplished in terms of both our social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong, long-term shareholder return. We also believe in the underlying strength of our business and our potential for continued growth in the U.S. and Japan, the two of the largest life insurance markets in the world. Thank you for joining us this morning. And now turn the program over to Fred, Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I'm going to focus my comments today on efforts to drive growth. I'll also provide some perspective on market and economic conditions in Japan and in the U.S., beginning with Japan, COVID related critical illness, daily deaths and hospitalization remains at very low levels. While weekly new cases were elevated for much of the quarter, they have come down in the last month and the government's intensive infection prevention measures were lifted as of March 21. However, for much of the quarter, we felt the ongoing COVID impact and as evidenced, a further 17% decline in traffic through our retail insurance shops as compared to 2021. We have seen COVID incurred claims increase despite the lower rate of hospitalization. This is driven by the rising cases along with COVID designation as an infectious disease or deemed hospitalization, which allows for payment of claims for care outside of the hospital. To give you a perspective, we estimate over 80% of our COVID related claims in the quarter were considered deemed hospitalization. In the meantime, and despite the increase in COVID claims, third sector benefit ratios remain very low. Sales in the quarter were weaker than we had hoped for provided COVID dynamics continued to trend positive, we remain confident we will hit our internal expectations for the year. While COVID conditions partially explain the weakness, we are taking additional action to strengthen the associate channel to include renewed investment in our exclusive agency platform and efforts designed to build market share with non-exclusive agencies where we have low market share. With this in mind, we are accelerating our Cancer Insurance refreshment timing, and plan to launch in the second half of 2022. With respect to Japan Post, we have experienced sequential growth in sales with increased proposal activity as we continue to roll out a successful pilot program launched late last year. As Dan mentioned, the April transfer of 10,000 sales employees to Japan Post Insurance was completed without disruption. Our alliance now is best characterized as distribution through 20,000 post offices, 10,000 sales employees selling from 223 locations within the Japan Post Insurance network, and 88 Japan Post Insurance branches focused on corporate sales. Importantly, cancer sales targets have been communicated to the regional offices of both the postal system and within Japan Post Insurance for the first time in three years. With respect to our elderly care product, sales were softer in the first quarter after our initial promotional period. This market is still relatively small, roughly one-tenth the size of the medical product industry. The market is further divided into two distinct and equally sized classes of product, protection and savings. We are focused on the Protection segment of the market, where we have quickly captured market share in the high teens. We are well positioned with competitive product, should the government of Japan contemplate shifting more of the burden to individuals. Turning to the U.S., the markets for voluntary and other worksite benefits have effectively recovered to pre-pandemic conditions. However, we are navigating inflation and a challenging labor market. When we reflect on the U.S. economic environment, we are especially focused on two areas of impact to our U.S. model, recruiting and persistency. Tight labor markets create difficulty in recruiting to a full-time commission based profession. We are therefore focused on improving conversion rates of new recruits to producing agents and reengaging veteran agents who are less productive during the pandemic. Our strategy has been successful, driving a 7% increase in average weekly producers year-over-year. In addition, veteran agents are better equipped to leverage our recent product expansion and strategy to grow within the small business brokers. In terms of persistency, it's important to note our account persistency was stable in the quarter. However policyholder persistency was weak and broad based, which leads us to believe it's partially attributable to the extreme movement in the labor markets. We track the Labor Department's quit rate, which had been declining during the pandemic then jumped in the first quarter to levels not seen in recent history. While higher turnover in the small business sector is common, the so called great resignation along with COVID and return to office dynamics is driving higher turnover. Unfortunately, when employees leave their place of work, they often leave their policies behind. With this backdrop, what is most impressive about the sales results, Dan covered is the balance. Split by product type, group voluntary was up 23%, individual benefits up 17%, split by channel, agent sales were up 15% and broker up 25%. Our buy-to-build platforms were all up year-over-year with the combination of network Dental and Vision, Premier life and disability and consumer markets up 65% albeit off a small but building base. We track the halo impact of Dental and Vision sales and for every dollar of Dental and Vision sales, we were able to cross sell $0.57 of other voluntary products. Finally, we launched Aflac Pet insurance powered by Trupanion targeting the larger case market and are busy responding to request for proposals. It's the balance in our results that give us added confidence that performance should continue throughout the year. Turning to our investment operations, we do not have any direct exposure in Russia, or Ukraine. Of course, our large global credit portfolio does include multinational companies with business interests in the impacted region, but nothing significant enough to cause us concern among what are generally large, high quality credits. We're closely watching secondary risks, namely the impact to the European energy sector, the conflicts impact to existing supply chain and inflation risks and a risk of recession in Europe. While increasing yields erode some of our unrealized gain in the bond portfolio, we also have benefits from rising interest rate environment, rising rates obviously provide a tailwind for new money investments. Further, our sizable floating rate portfolio will benefit directly from aggressive Fed rate hikes as their interest rate resets are based of short-term rates. Given the significant move in the forward rate curve, we expect we elected to lock in a portion of the expected rate increases by increasing the notional of our interest rate swap strategy such that now approximately 70% of our income is protected from changes in short-term interest rates over the next five years. In addition, the holding company holds short-term investments that will benefit with rising short-term yields. Our alternative portfolio continues to deliver strong results, we understand these portfolios could very well give back some of the gains as the year goes on. But we're off to a strong start in generating the favorable returns expected from these portfolios. Finally, Max provided helpful perspective on our exposure to the weakening Yen in his recorded comments. In short, while there are GAAP reported impacts, we are well protected from an economic perspective and do not see the weakness in the Yen is altering our investment strategy, hedging strategy, or overall capital deployment activities. There are certainly no implications to our business model, which reinforces our strategic focus on currency neutral outcomes. And I'll hand the call back to David to take us to Q&A, David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. [Operator Instructions] Andrea, we will now take the first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally: Great, thanks, good morning. So once we start in the U.S., I know there's some potential seasonality in the life, but if that has remained high, are you considering some potential strategies to improve persistency? And if so, what are some of the options that you have available?
Daniel Amos: We have an outlet, Teresa and Virgil comment on this, but we have had for a while a number of strategies under a way to help over the long run persistency, not the least of which has been our expanding product portfolio. As you know, we believe Dental and Vision for example will over time contribute to better persistency just by the very nature of the product and how that works. However, we think that much of the persistency issue that we're seeing right now is a combination of number one, the fall off -- the final fall off of state regulations that were requiring policies to remain in place. But on a larger scale, we think this labor force in motion is contributing to a lot of the lapse rates, and we would expect or anticipate that to eventually calm down. In the meantime, we remain focused on activities that drive better persistency. But we think right now, there's certain market conditions influencing it. Virgil, Teresa, if you have any comments.
Teresa White: I'll just mentioned, you mailed it, as it relates to some of the high level things that we're doing. But we also, in addition to the stickiness of the product, which you talked about with the product mix. We're also from an operational perspective, making sure that we stabilize account retention or account persistency, because when we do that, we know that our premium persistency is generally stable as well. But as you said, what we're seeing today is a lot of what we think might be labor market or labor force impacts based on what's going on. And so we're thinking that that's what's going on with our premium persistency at this point, and so more to come on that.
Nigel Dally: Great. Then, as a follow-up just on Japan sales. The sales decline, I think was -- that's a little worse than some of us were expecting medical appear particularly weak. So perhaps you can discuss why that was the case. And with your expectation the sales will recover in the back half. Should we expect that mostly to being canceled or given your product refresh? Or you also expect to rebound in medical as well?
Frederick Crawford: I think we'll let Koide san and Yoshizumi san answer that question. But you have in fact identified some of the issues. Number one realize the first quarter last year medical was during a fresh launch period. And we normally see medical sales calm down really sales of all products calm down after that initial launch period. However, there's no question that COVID conditions are really impacting across the board results. Cancer held up better for the simple reason that we're seeing some increased momentum slowly within the Japan Post System and that offset things. But generally speaking, you have it right. And then I'll Koide san and Yoshizumi san talk about the types of things we're looking at in the second half of the year to improve sales results and addition to our cancer launch.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language]. Yes, this is Yoshizumi. Thank you, Fred. Let me answer the question. [Foreign Language]. In Japan in the first quarter with explosive infection increase we have been infected very much. [Foreign Language] And that goes to both the salespeople who visit the customers as well as those customers who visit our agency shops. For example, in February the number of people, the customers visiting our insurance shops decreased by 22%. [Foreign Language] And we are also gathering information from various associates to analyze what actually had occurred. And as far as we hear, it seems like the appointments that we -- that our agencies are trying to make for a visit to customers has been declined by like 30%. [Foreign Language] And I believe your question was related to medical. [Foreign Language] And in regards to the medical insurance, we did launch a new product last year. [Foreign Language] And since it's been a year, since we launched the product I think we have gone through a cycle of customers. [Foreign Language] And we did have a plan that our medical insurance in the first quarter sales will decrease. [Foreign Language] And the fact is that the actual sales was even lower than what we had expected, because of the impact of Omicron. [Foreign Language] And as for the future sales measures, we would like to further promote our sales activities through online sales. [Foreign Language]. And we would also like to be proposing more comprehensively our coverage and benefits to our customers using the new products such as nursing care product, and our work lead product. [Foreign Language] And the rest are basically what Fred had said. And then now regarding in Japan Post Group. [Foreign Language] There was bit organizational change there. [Foreign Language] And what that means is that the sales consultants from this town post company, this is a post office company has been transferred it to the Japan Post insurance company. [Foreign Language] And the preparation to move this many people over to the pampers to insurance took place in a first quarter and they are fully prepared. And they have gotten a very good start in April. [Foreign Language]. And the Japan Post Group will resume their sales under the new organization now that they have a good infrastructure in place for sale. [Foreign Language] That's off for me.
Daniel Amos: But let me make one comment. This is Dan. And what I think you're seeing evolve here with sales in the U.S. and in Japan, is that we've got one more quarter the second quarter of things adjusting. But I see things moving back to a new normal. What that normal is I'm not exactly sure. But I don't think it's going to be that different from the way we've been rolling in the past. And I think you'll see that in the second half of the year. And I have not been to Japan in quite a while and I can't wait to get back. But I have been talking all of us have with Japan constantly. And I don't think you can underestimate the impact of those cost of moves that they had in terms of restrictions. And but they are over right now. And assuming that we don't see it come back in any great degree, I think you're going to see the second half, and the second quarter start to improve. But the second half really be more like the past in terms of our selling ability. Because as they mentioned, people coming into the offices was down 22% some other things. And those are just reflections. And they affect everything, they affect recruiting, they affects new sales, they affect every aspect.
Nigel Dally: That's great. Appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. I wanted to start with Japan again. Just as we think about these new product refreshes and launches, it seems to us that the shelf life post these launches has been shortening over time. Maybe years ago, you had a couple of years of runway now it feels like it's a couple of quarters if that. So I'm wondering one, if you think that's a fair observation. And two, is some of what we're seeing in Japan due to increased competition. In other words, do you have any data on your market share and medical and how that's changed over time?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, I think let's have Japan maybe comment on it. But what I would tell you Suneet is in general, your comments, I think hold up a bit and I think it is in fact largely due to the competitive environment. One of the things that I would tell you just as an observation is in 2016, when the Bank of Japan went to their negative interest rate environment. We saw a slow and steady migration of shift towards third sector not a first sector not surprisingly. But for a period of time you had firms that were moving into currency product, and then all of a sudden rate movements and other reserving dynamics rendered currency product to be less attractive and so that started to back off. And now you have companies, including domestic companies that have subsidiaries that often specialize in third sector of business. Even by the way, property casualty insurance companies that have life and health related subsidiaries are getting into the action as a way to drive more business. Competition and intense competition is not new that's been around and we've navigated that for years and years. But there's no question that has become more intensified, which means your product cycle product refreshment, and the nimble nature of how you go at product has to speed up and be quicker. So yes, the life expectancy of a new product is shorter, but that simply means that you have to be quicker to revise and refresh products, then maybe the old two year cycles for medical and four year cycles for cancer. That's my perspective based on talking with our Japan colleagues. But I'll let Koide san or Yoshizumi san to comment. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you very much, again this is Yoshizumi. [Foreign Language] And that's we just mentioned the market is becoming very, very competitive. [Foreign Language] And especially the medical insurance market is really evolving or changing almost every day. [Foreign Language] And what we are saying is that the good the data until it's good is short become shorter and shorter. [Foreign Language] On the other hand, since we do have very good sales and solicitation platform. [Foreign Language] And using that base [Foreign Language] we do believe that we can still grow this area. [Foreign Language] With our overwhelming brand very strong brand. [Foreign Language] And we also have very good advertisement capability. [Foreign Language] And even with this very severe competition, I think we can work towards expanding the market and really make efforts and perform. [Foreign Language] Now let me go into cancer insurance. [Foreign Language] And regarding new product for cancer insurance, we are thinking of it, because it is still before the approval of the authority we cannot say -- tell you about the details. [Foreign Language] We are thinking of a product that that will differentiate ourselves from competitors by having very competitive benefit, as well as various services that would support the cancer patients from the time of when they start developing cancer until these patients recover to society or work. [Foreign Language] That's all for me.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. All right. And then I just wanted to pivot. Fred, you've made a comment in your prepared remarks about the floating rate portfolio and having the income on that locked in for five years, or 70% have been locked in for five years? Can you just go into a little bit more detail on that? I'm just trying to think through, if the fed is really aggressive. Does that mean that you've limited some of the upside? Or just how do we think about that?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, and we have Eric and Brad Dyslin here that can provide color, but just a couple of points to be to be very clear on. Remember, what we're doing effectively is locking in the forward curve, not current rates. In other words, we're locking in the expectation in the marketplace for aggressive fed action. And so that's the very nature of the swaps. So we're not losing out, if you will on that aggressive forward, what we're doing is we're protecting against the risk of that reversing or calming down or not meeting the expectations that are embedded in the forward curve. Also note that we've got about $10 billion of floating rate, floaters if you will, in our general account, and another $2 billion at the holding company. And so we still remain relatively exposed if you want to define it that way to taking advantage of a rate environment that exceeds the forward curve expectation. So we haven't taken it all off the table. But I'll get either Eric or Brad to comment.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, thanks, Fred. And that's an excellent start, I would just dive a little deeper to have you understand. When we do our planning, if you will, which is of course, the current year. Plus, we look out over five years. For the floating rate buck, we typically use forward curves. The last set of financial plans we did, were back in November, which Max then uses as part of the overall franchise's EPS, if you will. But the forward curves, as you know, because of the fed change and policy has substantially increased. So if you just look at a projecting based on the flow occurs, where the floating rate income will be over the next five years, significantly higher than what our plan was. Having said that we all know forward curves are never realized. So we have an opportunity to basically say, we don't really know what's going to happen in years, two, three, four, and five, but what we do know is, if the forward curves became true, there's a significant amount of pickup in income. What we've chosen to do is take about 70% of that book, and do a fixed or floating rate swaps, such that we've locked in a good portion of that upside, if the forward curves end up coming down. An example of that would be and many people are talking about recession, in the U.S. next year. Those forward curves will likely never be realized in years three, four, and five, because the fed will then change policy. If rates continue to go up, because the fed is even more aggressive. Fortunately, we've got a good portion of the book about a third that's not covered by the swap. So we'll still enjoy some upside, as well. And then of course over the next few years, we continue to invest potentially in more floating rate assets. So we've got good exposure to rising rates as well.
Suneet Kamath: Would you be willing to size the pickup just from November to March on that portion that you've locked in?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, I think we would have to kind of give some thought to that. The pickup this year, is relatively modest. It's not insignificant. But remember, all we're really doing is locking in the pickup that's there anyway, if you will. We're trying to. So I think let us give some thought to that. I don't have the numbers right in front of me, because we've looked at it more on a present value over the life of the swap what it has done, but it's not in material to net investment income.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, and I would further say there is a pickup in income from our floating rate book this year. But when we talk about the forward curves, as an example, LIBOR started the year at 10 or 17 basis points one and three month LIBOR. It's currently three months LIBOR is like 120. So we get a pickup this year. Now, the forward curves and we went out, if you look at the forward curves for years three, four and five LIBOR is projected to be 2.5% that debt the fed goes through with all these aggressive rate hikes. So there is a positive tailwind to our income from the floating rate book this year, but we'd have to come back to size it.
Suneet Kamath: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you. What percent of sales in the first quarter was consumer markets in buy-to-build products? We've with 10% last year expected to grow this year? Thanks.
Frederick Crawford: So, no. Go ahead, Teresa.
Teresa White: I'll Virgil response to that.
Virgil Miller: Okay, thank you, Teresa. So 6% to 7% in between 6% and 7% for Q1. Remember, there's seasonality on our numbers. So when you've talking about 10%, our numbers grow, especially during the fourth quarter, which give us a high annual average. So we're anticipating this year that when you combine all the buy-to-build, we'll end up between 10% and 50% again this year. Again, first quarter though solid growth with the 6% to 7% it was more than we had anticipated. So we're starting to gain traction out in the market with those products now.
John Barnidge: Great. That might follow-up. [Indiscernible] in the U.S. capture on FAB. What it ended up coming in higher than anticipated? Thanks.
Frederick Crawford: Would you ask that question again?
John Barnidge: Sure, how much of the higher lapse station rates in the U.S. were captured into the guidance reflected at the FAB in November? Or did lapse rates end up coming in higher than anticipated?
Brad Dyslin: Yes, we did see a higher lapse station that we plan for -- at FAB of last year. So there's obviously an impact going on here running through our financials and across the benefit ratio expense ratio, and also the bottom-line through lower and premium as well. But the net impact on all of those three combined is a favorable $5 million in the quarter. So that's the way I would think about it. Overall obviously, it lowers future net earned premiums. And because we're sitting with slightly lower policies enforced than what we otherwise would have expected. So from an embedded value standpoint, it's clearly a negative. That being said, our sales were off to a strong start this year, and that builds an embedded value for us for the future as well. So there's a number of puts and takes, but in the quarter, there was a bottom-line $5 million positive impact from higher than expected lapses.
Daniel Amos: Hey, let's come back to the swap, because we pulled up some of the numbers. And so we can answer that question more directly. So Eric, why don't you kind of give us a little bit an idea.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, our current projection for the year, and this assumes the forward curve. So this year, materializes about an extra $39 million of income from our floating rate bucks versus our plan.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I was hoping maybe you could talk about kind of the other moving piece in NII, which would be that hedge costs. And so could you talk about the outlook for hedge costs and the Aflac Japan business? And as these move higher are you still able to lock and generate the same level of spread on U.S. dollar assets? Are you making any changes to your investment approach?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, thank you very much for the question. First talking about this year, as you'll recollect for a number of years. Now, our strategy has been at the beginning of the year to lock in our hedge costs. For the majority of the buck, there are moving parts. So that was very good for us this year, because our hedge costs were locked in on the forwards at about 89 basis points. And on the FX options we do at around 44 basis points. And altogether, I think about $110 million so estimated hedge costs for this year. Obviously, hedge costs are higher with short-term rates going up significantly. So just to give you a flavor of the differential and this really wouldn't impact us till 2023. Forward costs today for 12 months forwards around 256 basis points versus what we're paying this year of 89. So a significant increase and we expect that from what's happening with interest rates. And similarly, options would probably cost us around two times more than what we paid, given increased FX volatility and overall levels at the end. So when we get to next year, if rates stay where they are, hedge costs would be significantly up probably by about 125% or so on the book. Now having said that, our book does change over time. So I can assure you the balances in all of our asset classes or even when we revisit our hedge ratio, that may change as well. But that's just looking at it as a static book. The other thing to remind you of though, as well, on our forward book, which is much reduced than what it was, those forwards are applied against our floating rate assets. So those floating rate assets as we just discussed with question, their income is going up substantially. So the income, while not 100% correlation will go up pretty close to the amount of the hedge costs going up. So the net should stay pretty even with the one variable being the level of spreads on the assets and those spreads have generally been going up. So on a net basis, at least on the forward book, it should be pretty neutral, but the actual line item of hedge costs would definitely go up.
Daniel Amos: But I want to make a comment is, I've always said I like evolution, not revolution. And for you that have been following our stock for 10 years or more, I just want to tell you, what a sophisticated model we have today and how it's evolved, not only from Eric and Brad and the team and what they've done, but also our board and specifically, Tom is Chairman of what they've done from an investment standpoint. It is very gratifying to hear as we get into such volatility and change in the last year or so, even in the last three months with the Yen. And yet we have prepared for and to hear these answers, I just want all of you to know what hard work and dedication they've done through Fred and Max. And what's gone on. So, Max, I think you were going to make a comment.
Max Brodén: Yes, I wanted to add one more comment. So Eric, when you think about these four words in our flag, Japan, so that's about $4.5 billion of notional at the end of the quarter. At the holding company, we also have $5 billion of notional going the other way. So even in a scenario where you would have dislocation in the marketplace that could significantly increase the hedge costs perhaps like Japan, you would have an associated increased hedge income as the holding company. So from an enterprise standpoint, we're somewhat reduce the exposure to volatility and hedge costs as well.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you, and I guess putting it all together. So you talked about the benefits to NII this year kind of the floating rates being higher? It sounds like the hedge costs are locked in. So maybe those, is that a net benefit you'd expect this year? And then the comment on 2023 based on what you've locked in for the floating rates expectation for hedging costs, and then what happens in corporate that kind of putting it all together is sort of a neutral impact.
Max Brodén: I think putting it all together, it's a positive impact, yes. We realize we got a $30 billion, $30 billion, $31 billion U.S. dollar portfolio, and I think we have $6 billion of it hedged. So you got $10 billion of floaters. We've locked in 70% of it. I mean, it's a positive catalyst. There's no question.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a question following up on, I think Dan, your comment on the environment sort of returning to normal, as you think about sort of the whole sales process in the U.S., how close to normal is it in terms or are there still ongoing headwinds, whether it's people working from home, or businesses less interested in letting agents come in and pitching to their employees or schedule meetings? So how do you think about like return to normal pre-pandemic versus ongoing headwinds that might preclude sales from getting to pre-pandemic levels in over the next year or so?
Daniel Amos: Well, I'm going to let Virgil but let me just say, just take our company, for example. Today, we really have our first officer meeting, after for lunch today. And we've got about 150 people coming and that is normally, that includes our Directors, and our Directors. And that's about a little lower than what we normally have that pre-pandemic, maybe we would have had up to 200. So it gives you an idea of how things are getting back to normal. They're not quite there. But as I said, I look forward to happen in the second half, I look for everything to kind of move back, but it will be a new normal. I mean, there will be a certain amount of people that will work from home. But things are moving back. So let me let Virgil because I'm real pleased of what Teresa and Virgil had done in terms of having an impact on sales. And I've been very pleased with persistency until this issue that just came up in the first quarter. And I know they'll address it and fix that problem too as we go forward. So go ahead, Virgil, you can start and if Teresa wants to make comments, she can do whatever she wants. She's the boss.
Virgil Miller: Thank you so much, Dan. Yes, so do a few anecdotal comments. I'm going to support it with some numbers. So one of our key focuses was to return to normal by driving out culture. So as Dan mentioned, we got back last year to a lot of normal things we do. That includes like having sales meetings, we gather our top producing sales agents, our veterans out there to make sure that they were informed along strategies and kept that momentum going. They were very, very pleased to bring everybody back together, as well as our brokers, working with our broker sales professional teams, which is when our company is out in the market and bringing in those broker partners, we still had our events where we sat around and taught stress to them, make sure we're collecting their feedback and make sure we've got the right model to support the service levels they need going forward. Having said that, you also mentioned about how things have changed about face-to-face, and being able to support virtually. So I will tell you this, that we're able to provide the level of service. However, whether it's face-to-face, whether it's virtual, whether it is self-enrollment, I'll share a couple of numbers with you to support that, one back looking at pre-COVID 2019, 95% of our sales were face-to-face. As you saw the height of the pandemic in 2020, our face-to-face sales were at 80%, the rest of them were doing virtual enrollment, a hybrid type model, or self-service. And now as I look at Q1, 85% of our sales are back to being face-to-face. So to sum that up, of course, we were more face-to-face, pre-pandemic, we saw a tremendous drop in that and we were able to accommodate still getting our product sold through other means. And now you can see that number of face-to-face going back up. So I hope that helps. But overall, I can tell you, there's a lot of momentum in the sales force right now, I expect more the same. The hit when we spoke about earlier that Fred mentioned was around recruiting. Again, recruiting was important, but we did adjust our model to reengage our veterans, our average week of reducers are up, our productivity is up across all lines and our conversions, we saw 11% increase in converting veterans who have been here more than five years in Q1. So as you can see the confidence in the voice here, feeling very good about we're going to see the remainder of the year.
Teresa White: Yes, and that I've just mentioned, we're just well positioned to address many of the headwinds that we were seeing in the environment, specifically, due to our financial strength, our distribution model, and our digital solutions. And so you hear the energy in Virgil's comments. And that's because there is a tremendous amount of momentum in our sales force today. And so we're going to ride that momentum. And we'll continue to address any issues that we see come up in the market.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just in terms of progression of sales for the year, the last couple of years, obviously, have been off because of COVID. But prior to that, typically your second quarter used to be higher in sales than the first quarter and obviously fourth quarter, you got a lot of local sales, should we assume a similar pattern this year as well? Or is there something else that would affect the results?
Daniel Amos: Yes, so I'll say that the first quarter is certainly higher than we anticipated, I think and more higher than most anticipated for us. So we're very pleased with that, we certainly will see the same seasonality definitely in the third and fourth quarters, where you'll see the majority of our production. Again, we're looking to maintain this consistency in the second quarter. But I will tell you that the momentum, and in a lot of has to do with two the contributing factors we mentioned earlier that have come from our buy-to-build, with our premier life and absence products and disability, those products really is the selling season right now early in the year. And those sales will come through in Q4, so the growth and the seasonality of the highest impact, you'll see is definitely going to be in Q4. We'll look to maintain this consistent momentum from Q1 going into Q2. But again, I expect more on the third and fourth quarters.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hey, good morning. First one I had is on Capital deployment. When I think about what you're saying on the economic hedge and how it's not just the GAAP EPS impact we got to think about here. It's also this economic hedge. My understanding of that hedge is with the Yen weakening, it would actually make your capital in Japan stronger. And just in general, I think the capital of the overall business stronger. And if that's the case, I think it'll give you maybe GAAP EPS is short-term hurt, but then you have like more capital deployment opportunities as a result of that. Am I understanding that correct? And if I am what are your priorities for deploying that capital if the Yen remains weaker, and you have that flexibility?
Daniel Amos: Yes, Alex, I think that the way you sort of described it is a reasonable description of how our long-term hedging model actually works. Capital in Japan obviously is stronger with a weakening Yen and you know SMR sensitivities, you can go back to our fab disclosures, and we give those sensitivities there. So you can sort of calculate what the impact is on the capital position in Japan. And also, if you travel over to the holding company in this quarter alone because we issue debt denominated in Yen, you saw our leverage dropped 60 basis points simply because of FX move in the first quarter. So that ultimately leads to a somewhat higher debt capacity over time, and then you should also expect that over time as the $5 billion of forwards as they settle, they convert into cash. At the end of the first quarter, we had $3.6 billion of unencumbered cash at the holding company. And I use the term unencumbered, and that's actually quite important in this context, because it excludes any collateral receipt that we have. And obviously, that will add to that pile of cash, if the FX rate continues to be at this current level, we have forwards that the settlements will spread out, there's no specific sort of tower as generally settle, we got some forward settle every month. So over time, this hedging program will then convert into cash. So short-term, you're going to see our EPS obviously get hit by it from the translation impact. But over time, it leads to deployment opportunities, by lower leverage, FX words converted into cash. And then also long-term, you have a higher capital position in Japan, associated with the dollar portfolio that we have in Japan that strengthens the SMR in a scenario, weakening Yen, all these sort of balances out to some extent over the long-term. As it relates to deployment of additional capital, it follows the same criteria that we have for all deployments of capital that we deploy, where we see a good risk return based on an IRR basis.
Alex Scott: Got it. And maybe a little more of a housekeeping question, in Corporate, yes how should we expect that to trend from here? I guess it's just a lot of moving parts, because you have this offsetting derivatives that are sort of housed in corporate I believe. So I mean, could you help us think through where the run rate of earnings for that segment would be or even how to maybe we can do that, just how to think about net investment income in corporate?
Daniel Amos: Yes, so first of all the derivatives housed at the corporate level, the mark to marketing pack does not run through the GAAP EPS number, but the amortize hedge income does. And that's a fairly stable number. So if you look at the results for corporate this quarter, we're running a little bit high on expenses in the quarter, and a little bit low on NII in the quarter, the NII was somewhat depressed by our tax credit investments, that run as a negative -- that run as a negative through the NII line. But then obviously, you have a favorable offsetting impact on the tax credit line. As discussed earlier, we do have most of the assets at the holding company are floating rate in nature. So obviously, that means that as the short-end of the yield curve now has increased and come up, you're going to see a little bit of a pickup in NII over time. So if you look at the results of this quarter, there's some puts and takes and a lot of moving parts, but generally, I think it's a decent run rate for the current.
Alex Scott: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question, Fred, just to come back to the underlying benefit ratio in Japan, the 69.1%. I think excluding the extraordinary IBNR releases. That's a little bit above the range that you've guided to, I think you explain why it happened, just elevated medical COVID claims, is it fair to expect that this is going to drop back down to within the range for the balance of the year as COVID cases go down?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, let me actually give you some perspective, if you don't mind, just over the last few quarters on incurred claims related to COVID. Because it'll really illustrate what's going on with this most recent Omicron. If you go back to the first quarter of last year, our incurred claims were around ¥800 million in the second quarter and picked up to about ¥1.3 billion, obviously, very small numbers. In the third quarter, it picked up to ¥2.3 billion, and that was actually the Delta peak. That was right when that Delta peak took place, and we had claims coming in, then they dropped down in the fourth quarter to about ¥100 million, so almost non-existent. And then in the first quarter, ¥8.3 billion. And so what I think if you're living and working in the U.S., and if you're following largely U.S. companies and economy, I think many don't realize just what a peak of Omicron we saw here in Japan, you're talking about case levels, that were running at around 100,000 a week, two, three times at least, the level of peak that what you saw during the Delta. Now fortunately, it's a very mild version of Omicron. And fortunately, vaccination rates, particularly among the elderly, in Japan, are very high. And so as a result, you haven't really seen hospitalization, nor have you seen deaths pick up in Japan. But don't think for a moment that that's because things calmed down, it's quite the opposite. This is the most severe peak of infection rates, particularly in that February time period that Japan has seen throughout the entirety of the COVID environment. As a result, that's why you're seeing some of the face-to-face dynamics. And what Dan mentioned about on again, off again, states of emergency going on. Now, the reason I pointed out the nature of our claims was that this deemed hospitalization issue, essentially the life insurance industry at Japan got together and agreed with the government, the COVID-19 and versions, variants of COVID-19 as an infectious disease. And when you do that, you're allowed to cover if you will, you're allowed as a doctor to diagnose and allow for at home treatment, and cover the claims related to at home. The reason for that is Japan does not want infectious disease to cause hospital capacity issues. And so they allow more degrees of freedom as to where that care takes place. So we're seeing claims go up not because of the severity, but because of the sheer volume or frequency of cases and at home treatment, we would expect that to calm down over time, because we've seen cases calm down, but there's a lagging effect. Right now in April, in May, for example, we're seeing claims coming in that are likely related to two, three months ago, related peak levels. So we think that's probably going to continue, I would say into the second quarter, it's early, we don't really know at the end of the day, what it may mean for the benefit ratio in the second quarter. But we should see COVID claims continue. But then calm down as the year goes on. And again, remember, while this is all going on, and you have lower activity levels, lower face-to-face, you're seeing other types of medical claims not come in. And so you don't necessarily see your benefit ratio moving the wrong direction. It's just the mix of claims have shifted during this period of time. So it's quite interesting. And we've been busting down this data and looking at it very carefully. But you should expect claims and COVID to continue, I would say into the second quarter given the lagging effect, but not necessarily be dramatic upward pressure on benefit ratio, I would not anticipate that.
Daniel Amos: And Tom, just to give you some more color on it, if you take the incurred impact from COVID in the quarter on our normalized benefit ratio was a little bit north of 100 basis points. So if you take that and you isolate that component, that will take your normalized benefit ratio in the first quarter smack in the middle of our range of 67% to 69%.
Tom Gallagher: Got you, that's helpful guys. Thanks for that color. My follow-up is with the recruiting numbers down so much in the U.S. on both agents and brokers, and knowing there's a lag in terms of recruits converting into sales but then taking that together with your comment about improvement in productivity gains based on some of those initiatives. What do you think that all if you add all that up does to sales, if you look out, I don't know two, three quarters from now, do you think you can maintain the strong momentum you're seeing in the U.S., it sounded like from what Virgil said, he thought so. But I'm just curious if you think just given the severity of the drop in recruiting, whether you think that's going to start to impact your sales?
Daniel Amos: Well, if they don't, they won't make bonuses. So it's going certainly going to impact them. But Virgil, you want to comment?
Virgil Miller: Yes, thank you, Dan. So if you look at the numbers, we still recruited over 10,000 crew agents last year, and over 5,000, close to 6,000 of small brokers that we do business with. And when I talked about the focus where the focus was converting on them, so think about it coming out of Q4 last year, which is our busiest time of the year, we put a lot of focus on getting those converted. And I'll tell you 70%, we had a 70% increase in broker conversions in Q1. So that strategy is working. Now, having said that, that's not to say that recruiting is important, you know, it's a formula, you can add it up, you can look at productivity, you can look at conversion rates into and tell you, how many people we need to hit our numbers. Right now we're solid, because we are seeing again, when those veterans come back and reengage the veterans produce at a higher rate. So I've ran these numbers over and over, we are optimistic about how we're going to look, not to say that we're not going to still recruit. So I can tell you right now, we've got some additional efforts going on in 2Q and I look at it on a weekly basis. If I look, week over week, back in March, seeing progress in the final few weeks of March and that progress is translating over into April.
Daniel Amos: And one thing I would add and Virgil can add color to it, but one column that you may be looking at in the recruiting is the recruited agents through brokers. And remember to some of our comments at year-end in this past quarter, we're focusing on driving sales now through small business brokers as well, which has not been historically a focused effort of our company. And as a result, you saw the recruiting level of broker agents go up dramatically in 2021, averaging over upwards of 1,200 to 1,500. Now, what does that mean, when you recruit a small business broker, what it means is you've appointed them, and they've appointed you to be eligible to sell product through that broker, it doesn't mean you're selling product through that broker. And so one of the things that Virgil is talking about when he uses the term conversion is that we're now working on those large amount of brokers that were signed up and appointed last year, we're now focusing on converting them into actually generating sales through their brokerage platform. So that's a big piece, and there's a lot of runway yet to go on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, good morning. I was just curious if you could give it, I know you can give it back quantification, but if you could give any qualitative commentary on how much you think Japan Post could contribute as they begin more actively selling cancer products again, maybe one metric, you could help us think about it, I think I believe Japan Post was about a third of your cancer production, prior to the mis-selling issue. If you could give any thoughts on what percentage of your cancer sales you think they could build back up to?
Daniel Amos: Well, we can't go into any detail regarding Japan Post. They've always been, you know since inception of Japan Post, they have asked us to never go into detail or go into detail. Basically they stopped last year, and they have regained a position but it's still very low. And all I can tell you is they have committed to us that they are dedicated to seeing a return to stronger production. And I'm expecting that that as you all know there are large shareholders, I feel like that's important. And the message that I've been saying is, those two tasks gather with them and so we'll have to wait and see. But I'm encouraged about the production, but I can't if this give you any more detail other than to say, we have a wonderful relationship. They know what we want, they want to help us. It's just the timing and how to do it. But there's no problem that I can tell you, other than just getting it started again. There's absolutely nothing. They're happy with us. We're happy with them and but we want to see the production now.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, understood. Appreciate the comments.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea. And I want to thank all of you for joining our call this morning. If you have any follow-up questions, I'll be happy to take them, please contact me via email or the phone and look forward to speaking to you all soon. Till then, take care.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Aflac Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Young: Good morning, and welcome to Aflac Inc.'s fourth quarter earnings call. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will begin with an overview of our operations in both countries. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives, including how we are navigating the pandemic. Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of quarterly financial results and current capital and liquidity. Members of our U.S. executive management team joining us for the Q&A segment of the call are Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, President of Individual and Group Benefits; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Brad Dyslin, Deputy Global Chief Investment Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our executive management team at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koichiro Yoshizumi, Director, Deputy President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Good morning and thank you for joining us. 2021 was another year of uncertainty with vaccines incrementally gaining some momentum as the year progressed. There were hopes that the severity of COVID-19 would fade and allow us to return to some type of normalcy. Unfortunately, one year in several variants later the normalcy has been yet it did not remain idle. We have worked hard to adapt using virtual technology and seize the opportunity to accelerate investments in our platform. Considering what the global and national business landscape has experienced over the last two years, I think Aflac has been very fortunate with some tailwinds while simultaneously working hard to achieve our objectives and continue our strong earnings performance. While Max will address the quarter in more detail, I'd like to highlight some of the items for the year. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of foreign currency, increased 21% in 2021. This result was largely supported by the continuation of the low benefit ratios associated with the pandemic conditions and better-than-expected returns on alternative investments. We were pleased with this result, especially when you consider the pandemic pressure on revenues, accelerated investment in our core technology platforms and initiatives to drive future earned premium growth and efficiency. 2021, Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results with an extremely strong profit margin of 20.2% and solid premium persistency of 94.3%. We continue to navigate Japan's evolving pandemic conditions, including various degrees of COVID-19-related restrictions that created headwinds for our face-to-face sales opportunities. Especially given this backdrop, I am encouraged by Aflac Japan's annual sales increase of 7.7%. This reflected the first quarter introduction of our medical product, EVER Prime, and the September launch of our new nursing care product. Amid evolving pandemic conditions, we continue to enhance and actively leverage our virtual sales technology to connect with customers as we monitor the recovery of face-to-face sales. Our goal in Japan is to be the leading company for living in your own way. This approach captures how we tailor our products to fill consumers' needs during the various stages of their lives, reaching them where and how they prefer to purchase insurance. This includes through our agencies, strategic alliance and banks as well as virtually. Aflac Japan continues to offer various measures of support to Japan Post Group as they gradually increase proactive sales activities in GEAR Up for the start of their new fiscal year in April of 2022. This will include the transfer of approximately 10,000 Japan Post company employees to Japan Post in terms. These employees will handle only Japan Post insurance products and most importantly, for us, Aflac Japan's insurance or cancer insurance. We expect this continued collaboration to further position the companies for the long-term growth and gradual improvement of Aflac cancer insurance sales in the interim. Turning to Aflac U.S. We saw a strong profit margin of 22.8%. This result was driven by lower incurred benefits and higher adjusted net investment income, partially offset by higher adjusted expenses. I am pleased with the 16.9% annual sales increase, especially considering the constraint face-to-face activities continues to be somewhat of a headwind in the U.S. as well. Aflac U.S. also continued to generate strong premium persistency of nearly 80%. In the U.S. small businesses have gained some incremental ground toward recovery, and we expect this to continue gradually. Within the challenging and small business and labor market, we continue to engage our veteran agents. At the same time, larger businesses appear to be more resilient given their traditional reliance on online virtual self-enrollment tools and we are making ongoing investments in the group platform. Excluding our acquired platforms 2021 group sales or more than 104% of 2019 group sales, we remain focused on being able to sell and service customers whether in person or virtually. s part of the Vision 2025, we seek to further develop a world where people are better prepared for unexpected health expenses. Fred will provide more detail, but as we seek to fill the needs of customers, businesses and our distribution, we continue to build out our U.S. product portfolio with Aflac network Dental and Vision and premier life and disability. These new lines modestly impact the top line in the short term. In combination with our core products, they are better positioned Aflac U.S. for future long-term success. Depending on continued progress in the pandemic conditions, we remain cautiously optimistic for continued sales improvement in the U.S. The need for our products we offer is as strong or stronger than it has ever been. At the same time, we know consumers' habits and buying preferences have been evolving, and we are looking to reach them in ways other than traditional media and outside the work site. This is part of the strategy to increase access, penetration and retention. I've always said that the true test of strength is how one handles adversity. While the pandemic has been and continues to be this type of test, I am pleased that 2021 confirms what we all knew. Aflac is strong, adaptable and resilient in both Japan and the United States we look for ways to be where people want to purchase insurance. Related to capital deployment, we placed significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and Japan on behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. When it comes to capital deployment, we pursue value creation through a balance of actions, including growth investments, stable dividend growth and disciplined and tactical stock repurchase. It goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth. The fourth quarter's declaration marks the 39th consecutive year of dividend increases. Additionally, the Board approved a first quarter dividend increase of 21.2%. Our dividend track record is supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. At the same time, we remain tactical in our approach to share repurchase, deploying $2.3 billion in capital to repurchase 43.3 million of the shares in 2021. Keep in mind, in addition, we have among the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. We have also focused on integrating the growth investments we have made in our platform. As always, we are working to achieve our earnings per share objective, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to the policyholders. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership. I want to point out that the world has changed in many ways that surprises even the most cynical, but what it hasn't changed is the fact that the pandemic or no pandemic, people are facing the same illnesses, accidents and health conditions every day only now COVID has been added. This means that the need for our products is even greater now. And we are committed to being there for them in their time of need. I don't think it's coincidental that we've achieved success while focusing on doing the right things for the policyholders, the shareholders, the employees, the distribution channel, the business partners and the communities. I am proud of what we've accomplished in terms of both our social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong long-term shareholder return. Now, I'll turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I'll reflect briefly on 2021, but we'll focus my comments on growth and efficiency initiatives in 2022. Beginning with Japan, COVID conditions continue to negatively impact our business. We expect sales to build from 2021 levels. However, there are currently 34 prefectures and soon to be 35 prefectures subject to COVID prevention measures that can have the effect of restricting economic activity. There are no restrictions that directly impact the sale of insurance or our operations. However, consumers are naturally more reluctant to engage in face-to-face meetings with prevention measures in place. As we look to 2022, we're focused on the following: first, strengthening of our associates channel through increased policy solicitations at the worksite, marketing new products to existing policyholders and building market share in non-exclusive agencies where we have been historically weaker. The associate channel responds to periodic medical and cancer product refreshment, but we believe these efforts will defend sales in this channel at 2021 levels despite it being a year without a major product refresh. Following on Dan's comments regarding Japan Post, we have seen proposal activity to potential customers grow materially during 2021. We are a long way from recovering to the volumes enjoyed in 2018. However, as part of our organization-wide coordination with Japan Post Group and building on past initiatives, we ran a test pilot initiative during the fourth quarter that provided sales process management tools and practices to Japan Post in support of customer-centric engagement. This initiative was implemented by model post offices and led to increased written proposal activity and ultimately increase sales. Through our strategic alliance framework, the Japan Post companies have agreed to a nationwide campaign to roll out the best practices learned from our fourth quarter initiative. As the campaign will be linked with the transfer of 10,000 postal network sales employees to Japan Post Insurance this April, we are confident this will result in a meaningful level of recovery as compared to 2021. In terms of product development, we ended 2021 with a little over ¥1 billion in sales of our new nursing care product. We are introducing targeted incentive programs and TV advertising that profiles the mental and financial burden of caring for an aging parent. In addition, we plan to launch a new work leave or short-term disability product in March. The new short-term disability product targets small- and medium-sized businesses that tend to have less comprehensive coverage. We expect both products to combine for 5% to 10% of our sales in 2022. Turning to operations. We are focused on initiatives designed to stabilize our expense ratio in the face of declining revenue as sales recover and we continue to run off first sector interest-sensitive product. These initiatives include a transition away from paper-based processes to digital, IT modernization and reimagining policyholder services, our largest operating platform within Aflac Japan. Turning to the U.S., COVID conditions are not expected to be the headwind faced in 2021. We can't control the risk of new variants, but we plan to return to near normal operating conditions as we enter the second quarter, while cautiously following CDC guidelines. We are seeing promising new business formation and associated momentum in sales. Having spent time with our agents and brokers in January, the overall energy among our distribution partners gives us confidence results will certainly build from 2021 levels. Dan covered our core small business and group voluntary results. We are focused on continued recovery in our agent-driven small business franchise. Recruiting is critical, as is converting recruits to average weekly producers. Recruiting was up 17% in 2021. However, on the back of a significant jump in small business broker appointments, which unlike agent recruiting takes time to convert to producing new business. Our broker-sold group voluntary business performed at a higher level than pre-pandemic 2019. It's important to note that we are one of the few companies that focuses specifically on driving voluntary product through specialized VB brokers and in partnership with leading benefit administrators. In 2021, group sales through brokers which tends to focus on the mid to large marketplace where 1/3 of Aflac's total U.S. sales. Turning to our building platforms. Our network Dental and Vision line of business continues to develop. We now have over 7,000 agents trained with 50% of 2021 quote activity occurring in just the last four months of 2021. Sales were $23 million in 2021 with an additional $15 million of voluntary products sold alongside capturing what we refer to as the halo effect. Today, we have a network of 90,000 providers, of which 15,000 are proprietary and the remainder leased. We expect to double the size of our proprietary dental network in 2022. Controlling the quality and design of our network is critical as we seek to create a competitive advantage and move upmarket into broker-sold business. Our Premier Life and Disability business ended the year with $62 million in sales and has carved out a strong reputation as having unique client care model, advanced lead management capabilities and a building referral network as consultants and clients realize bigger is not necessarily better. Not included in these sales results we officially launched our Connecticut paid family medical leave administrative platform and hope to see additional states entertain outsourcing PFML administration. Our consumer markets business recorded sales of $39 million for 2021. The platform is in expansion mode with plans to add network dental, vision and hearing along with senior market products in 2022. Later this quarter, we expect to roll out through select brokers, our new Aflac Pet insurance powered by Trupanion. We are targeting the larger case market and believe our solution is superior to the competition and leverages the best of both the powerful worksite brand and a recognized leader in pet insurance with a unique value proposition. Operations will continue to be a key area of execution with the goal of bending the expense ratio curve in the next few years. You can see from my comments, we are clearly in building mode along with platform modernization. Investments include stabilizing in our small business enrollment tool, modernizing our dental and vision platform to handle increased volumes and migrating off a legacy group voluntary platform armed with an expanded product portfolio. These are a few of the initiatives elevating our current expense ratio, but as discussed at our investor conference, we'll turn the corner in the next few years moving from the higher end of our forecasted range to the lower end, come 2024. Commenting on our investment operations, we completed our strategic asset allocation work in 2021 and are now executing on that strategy. Together with corporate finance activities at the holding company, we are confident we have engineered a prudent approach to our U.S. dollar program in Japan. The program is constantly refined and optimized driving yield, maintaining diversification, lowering hedge costs, reducing exposure to negative settlements, all while sheltering our investors' exposure to a weakening yen. While late in the game as compared to some in the industry, our disciplined approach of building an alternative portfolio resulted in strong variable investment income last year. We understand these portfolios are likely to give back some of the gains in the last year, but we are off to a strong start in generating the favorable returns expected from these portfolios. Finally, I'm very pleased with the progress made on ESG front in 2021. We are now a PRI signatory. We have returned to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. And last week were once again named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index, great progress and more to come. I'll now hand off to Max to cover financial performance. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Fred. For the fourth quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 19.6% to $1.28, with a $0.05 negative impact from FX in the quarter. Full year adjusted earnings per diluted share of $5.94 was 19.8% higher than a year ago. This strong performance for the quarter and full year was largely driven by lower claims utilization due to pandemic conditions. Variable investment income rent $0.13 per share above our long-term return expectations for the quarter and $0.40 per share for the full year, a very good outcome for our growing private equity portfolio. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses grew 7.7% year-over-year. And the adjusted ROE, excluding the foreign currency impact, was 13.6% in Q4 and 16.1% for the full year, a satisfactory result in significant spread to our cost of capital. Starting with our Japan segment. Total net earned premiums for the quarter declined 4.3%. And for the full year, it was down 3.9%. Policy count in force declined 1.8%, which better reflects our overall growth in our business. Low new sales and a slight uptick in lapse rates were the main drivers for earned premium decline. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 67.3% for the quarter, down 160 basis points year-over-year, and the third sector benefit ratio was 57%, also down 160 basis points year-over-year. For the full year, the benefit ratio was 67.2%, down 270 basis points year-over-year. We experienced a slightly greater than normal IBNR release in our third sector block as experience continues to come in favorable relative to initial reserving. This quarter, it was primarily due to pandemic conditions constraining utilization and a slightly higher lapse rate within our medical block. Adjusting for greater than normal IBNR releases an in-period experience, we estimate our normalized benefit ratio for Q4 to be 68%. Persistency remained strong with a rate of 94.3%, down 80 basis points year-over-year. Our expense ratio in Japan was 22.6%, down 40 basis points year-over-year. Good cost control in combination with higher-than-expected NII have helped our expense ratio despite the overall decline of policies in force and earned premium. For the full year, the expense ratio increased 30 basis points to 21.5%. Adjusted net investment income increased 16.8% in yen terms, primarily driven by favorable returns on our growing private equity portfolio and lower hedge costs partially offset by a lower reinvestment yield on our fixed rate portfolio. For the full year, adjusted NII was up 17.6%. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 24.7%, up 380 basis points year-over-year, a good result for the quarter. For the full year, the pretax margin was 25.2%, supported by a very low benefit ratio and stronger-than-expected variable investment income. Turning to U.S. results. Net earned premium was down 1.3% as lower sales during the pandemic continued to have an impact on our earned premium. For the full year, earned premium declined 2.5%. Persistency improved 30 basis points to 79.6%, driven partially by emergency orders continuing in certain states. Our total benefit ratio came in lower than expected at 46.7% or 490 basis points lower than Q4 2020. Lower and deferred claims utilization impacts our IBNR held for incurred claims within a year, and as we get more data, our long-term models, increased reliance on source data, both leading to IBNR releases. This quarter, the IBNR release amounted to a 1.5% net impact on the benefit ratio, which leads to an underlying benefit ratio, excluding IBNR releases of 48.2%. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 43.8%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Q4 seasonally experiences a higher expense ratio as business activity and enrollment picks up towards the year-end. For the full year, the expense ratio was up 90 basis points to 39.5%. Our continued build-out of growth initiatives group life and disability, network dental ambition and the direct-to-consumer contributed to a 120 basis points increase to the ratio. These strategic growth investments are largely offset by our efforts to lower core operating expenses as we strive towards being the low-cost producer in the voluntary benefits space. We also incurred $6.1 million of integration expenses associated with recent acquisitions, which are not included in adjusted earnings or the reported expense ratios. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 8.2% in the quarter and 7% for the full year, mainly driven by favorable variable investment income. In the U.S. segment reported a pretax margin of 16.1% for the quarter and 22.8% for the full year, with a low benefit ratio as the core driver of improved results in both periods. In our corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $155 million as adjusted net investment income was $109 million lower than last year, due to low interest rates at the short end of the yield curve, lower amortized hedge income and changing value of certain tax credit investments. These tax credit investments run through the NII line for U.S. GAAP purposes with an associated credit to the tax line. In the quarter, the impact to NII was a negative $104 million and the offsetting credit to GAAP taxes was a favorable $80 million, leading to a net impact to our bottom line of a negative $23 million in the quarter. To date, these investments are performing well above our cost of capital and in line with expectations. Our capital position remains strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR north of 950% in Japan and a combined RBC north of 600% for Aflac U.S. Unencumbered holding company liquidity, holding company liquidity stood at $4 billion, $1.6 billion above our minimum balance. Leverage remains at a comfortable 22.4% in the middle of our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. In the quarter, we repurchased $625 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $217 million, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. For the full year, we repurchased $2.3 billion of our own stock and paid dividends of $888 million for a total of $3.2 billion of capital returned to shareholders. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Before closing, I'd like to reiterate the outlook given at FAB for our key value drivers for the time period 2022 and 2023. With that, I hand it over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. We are now ready to take questions. But first, let me ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. And with that, Jason, if you will, open up the line to our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally: I wanted to start on network dental, vision group life and disability. I appreciate the color on sales. I guess how those results compare to your expectations. And as we look to 2022, do you have a number in mind as to what portion of total U.S. sales would come from those platforms?
Fred Crawford: Nigel, this is Fred. Let me try to address it, but then I'll ask Teresa and Virgil to weigh in with any comments they have. But -- so first of all, with PLADs, extremely pleased, we call it PLADS, premier life and disability and lead management. Not only did they hit the sales expectations that we had when acquiring the property, but they advanced beyond that, particularly with the state of Connecticut contract for leave management which is not an insignificant contract from a revenue standpoint. We don't include it in the traditional measure of sales only because it's not linked with an actual life and disability contract, but it's a meaningful business and one that certainly wasn't expected when we made the acquisition. So we couldn't be more pleased. The other thing I would note is that we successfully renewed 100% of our contracts this year with a 4% average pricing increase across the board. And that was very good news. Our team -- our PLADs team very careful attention to the quality of service and quality metrics as they lead into renewal period, and that proved to really benefit us on the renewal side. I say that because the earned premium, which is as important as the sales, is tracking on or better than our expectations as well. So both sales and retention are very good. Again, as we peel the onion back on that property, having acquired it and folded it in over the last year, the news just gets better on that property, very good platform, very pleased. Dental and Vision, of course, we had -- remember, we bought a TPA, but really needed to build from scratch the actual dental and vision product, along with the network. And so we very much have been in building mode on that property. I would say the sales in 2021 were below the expectations we were expecting coming into the year, but we're not due to necessarily bad performance. It was more a decision to roll that business out carefully and also had timing-related issues with entering those products onto our enrollment tool. Remember, with Dental and Vision, we're actually starting out in the small business community with our agents. So we're selling into 100 and less employees. And that means it has to be not only approved by all the states which we did throughout the year, but also has to be installed on our enrollment platform, which takes time and energy to put that on available in all states. So you had a pretty big lift with that product. And it's fair to say that COVID conditions impacted the small business world, which meant it impacted the agent delivery model from a distribution, and it just so happens that we decided long ago that our first entry point with Dental and Vision was with the small business agent-driven model, and we did not anticipate COVID. So it was behind what we originally had forecasted. But I can tell you that we're extremely pleased with it. One thing that we're really pleased with that has outperformed is the halo effect I mentioned. Selling $23 million of network dental and vision, but then sell an additional $15 million of voluntary product associated with the dental and vision sales, that exceeds our halo expectations. We would expect to have a halo effect of around 30% and to be north of 50%, approaching 60%, 70% is well above our expectations. I don't think it's going to stay at that level, particularly as we go more aggressively upmarket but still very with that halo effect. So, all in all, I would say, very good. Now in terms of what percentage of our sales next year, we've been climbing gradually north of 10% of sales heading towards 13% to 15% of sales. And in 2022, I would expect to be in that range. So, let's just call it 10% to 15% of sales. Obviously, in some ways, we don't want that percentage to be too high because we fully expect the rest of our business to grow significantly as well, but I think that's not a bad estimate.
Teresa White: Brett you actually covered most of what we would cover. So, I do agree in 2022, this is Teresa. We will see about 13% to 15% of our buy to bill as a percentage of U.S. sales. And we're actually just expecting as we continue to move out by 2025, about 20% of sales, U.S. sales will be by the bill property.
Nigel Dally: That is great. And just as a follow-up, I just want to stick on the U.S. career agency recruiting, broker recruits were up meaningfully Creating was under pressure. Is that a reflection of the labor markets and should we be thinking about that as a headwind for 2022 or are there other initiatives to try to accelerate that from here?
Dan Amos: Virgil, you take that, but let me just make sure I'm very clear on something that I just listening to Teresa, I want to make sure it's clear. Nigel, when you asked the question, you asked specifically to our life and disability business and our dental and vision. When we say 13% to 15%, we consider our buy-to-build properties to be those two properties plus the build of our direct-to-consumer platform. So just note that we consider those three businesses when we quote you 13% to 15%, just to make sure we're clear on that. Sorry, Virgil, why don't you or Teresa take the recruiting question?
Unidentified Company Representative: I'll let, Virgil, take that question.
Virgil Miller: Okay. Well, thank you for the question, Nigel. Actually, we're very pleased with where we're sitting with the recruiting. I think you noticed, as you indicated your question that we achieved about 17.5% growth but we changed our focus. If you think about it, there were some headwinds with the labor market. So instead of just relying on new recruits, which we were able to recruit over 10,000, we did pivot our -- and evolve our model to focus on the small brokers. We activated over 5,000, and we're starting to see them perform going into the second half of last year. So, we're very pleased, as you can see, contributed to our overall increase in productivity. So -- as I look going into 2022, I expect to see more of the same. It's going to be a combination of new recruits, but we will continue our focus still though in that small broker space also.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: So, a question just on sales in Japan. And obviously, it seems like sales have bottomed and they recovered a little bit, obviously, still depressed versus historical levels. But is it possible that in the early part of 2022, you actually take a step back given some of the restrictions that the government imposed in Japan and you don't see the ongoing improvement that we've seen recently.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Okay. This is Yoshizumi of Japan. Thank you for the question. So it is true that the quality emergency measures for 34 prefectures, and today, I think it will be 35 prefectures. So, it is true that there are some impact to our sales. However, as we promoted online sales of virtual sales last year, actively, we are also enhancing that these virtual sales began this year. And this virtual sales plus the wheel or the physical sales have been established as like hybrid sales, and we will be promoting this method.
Dan Amos: Yes. I think one thing I would add is just then this is Fred. Again, to remind you, there are various grades, if you will, of level of severity that the government will put in place prefigure by prefecture, the most severe being the state of emergency. When we talk about 35 prefectures being under prevention measures, that is one step below the state of emergency level. And it's important to note that the government of Japan is really trying to balance containing, of course, the virus without dampening economic activity, and they're trying to play that balancing act. And so even state of emergencies have been a little less restrictive than in the early days of COVID. And these cautionary practices and the prefectures in of themselves don't really restrict our activity and our ability to sell and meet with potential clients and so forth. The issue that's hard to measure is if you are a citizen of Japan, and you live in a prefectur that is in a -- where there is a prevention measures that are being put in place, do you feel less comfortable meeting face in conducting business in a normal way. And that's very difficult to measure, but we see it in our results. And so there's no question there's a bit of a headwind as we head into 2022 but it's certainly not as severe state of emergency, and it's definitely not as severe as the early days of COVID.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just on Japan as well, can you just talk about what's going on with the Post? And what's your expectation of longer term being able to potentially expand that relationship beyond cancer?
Fred Crawford: I'll let the Japan team fill in some of the blanks and talk about it. But as I mentioned in my comments, first of all, there is no specific plan to expand products. However, again, remember, we consider our cancer business in Japan Post to be a line of business. And so for example, when we upgrade cancer products or add riders or feature to cancer products, we do that within the Japan Post system. As you may know from some of our comments at the investor conference, what we're really excited about is, we're starting to introduce concierge non-insurance services to support our cancer business. This involves a cancer policyholder being able to call into a concierge line and be tapped into non-insurance services that support their needs, whether they are going on claim or preventions or detection needs, care needs, even oncologist recommendations these types of services. So all of that product capability that we house within a company we called Hatch Healthcare. All of that will be available to Japan Post policyholders and will help with both retention and growth. So no new product lines, but the cancer line continues to expand and develop within the Japan Post system. And I'll let my colleagues in Japan talk about the momentum coming off our fourth quarter pilot exercise and looking at 2022.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: So, this is Yoshizumi once again. And in specific, what we refer to by pilot is to take examples of branches and sales offices that are doing well and not doing well. And especially those that are doing well is taken as the model for all the other new offices and outlets. So what we normally do is to reflect the successful sales offices practices to other sales offices. And the three particular initiatives that we are planning to do is to give guidance to those sales professionals, conduct training and then also enhance proposal capabilities. And by going through the PDCA cycle, we will be improving each of these initiatives. And then as we have conducted a pilot in the fourth quarter, we were successful and since we have seen some success in the fourth quarter, we are going to be promoting our sales in 2022 by using similar measures.
Fred Crawford: Yes. And I might add just to put a little bit of numbers behind it because I know there's sort of a question, what do you mean by improved? But just to give you an idea, when looking at those model offices and our results in this test pilot program in the fourth quarter, when we moved from third quarter results to fourth quarter results, we had over a 50% increase from third quarter to fourth quarter, both in the number of proposals put forward and the resulting sales. And so it was clearly successful. And so what the executive teams and sales teams are doing between our team and Japan Post as they're sitting down, analyzing those results and now looking at more of a national spread of that platform, but it was a very tangible increase and gets us excited about some increased momentum in 2022.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: My question, it seems like when we enter each new quarter, the expectation is for claims normalization to occur over the future quarter that hadn't occurred over the last 1.5 years. But can you maybe talk about how claims utilization, especially in the U.S., but also in Japan, has trended as the Omicron variant has emerged and probably COVID fatigue sets in?
Dan Amos: Thank you, John, and thank you for pointing out that my prediction about claims utilization has been wrong for the last year. Throughout the year of 2021, and I'll start by talking to the U.S. We did see a gradual increase in claims utilization each quarter with very, very low claims utilization in the first quarter, and then we saw a little bit of a -- and that continued quite frankly, throughout the second quarter and then we started to see a normalization in the third quarter and then into the fourth quarter as well. We're not fully back to normal. But I would say when I look at, for example, paid claims data for the fourth quarter, then November was higher than October and December was higher than November. And we are getting back very close to what I would be sort of normal claims utilization starting the year of 2022 for the U.S. So that means that I do think that we are fairly close to normal claims utilization going forward. It's also the fact that the -- we did have a correlation between infection rates in the society and claims utilization and what Omicron has done is that, that correlation has pretty much broken down. And I think that is due to people who are living in a much more normal life. You see mobility coming back to more normal levels. And with that, people are getting into accidents. They are going for physical checkups, et cetera, and that is sort of driving a more normal claims pattern and behavior among our policyholder base in the U.S. So that is why I do believe that we are going to come back to sort of a more normal claims utilization pattern for 2022. And we do expect that our benefit ratio in the U.S. will fall within the sort of normalized range. So, we do expect that we will be within the 48% to 52% benefit ratio in the U.S. for 2022. When you go to Japan, you have a somewhat of a similar pattern, but it has lagged the U.S. You don't see the reactions as quick as you do and the changes as quick as you do in the U.S. and you don't see the ups and downs as much as we have seen in the U.S. So you have a much more flatter and more prolonged pattern of claims utilization in Japan. In Japan, we are trending a little bit below but not significantly below what we would deem to be sort of our sort of normalized claims utilization. I hope that helps.
John Barnidge: It does. And then my follow-up, as you think about pet insurance for '22, how meaningful a contributor do you think that will be?
Dan Amos: So, a couple of things about the pet insurance products, so as I mentioned in my comments, later in the quarter, we expect to launch taking a very targeted approach and that is we're launching and what we characterize internally as our premier broker platform. These are some of the largest brokers in the country that deal, particularly with typically larger companies, think of it as 1,000 employees and larger, that's also where a lot of the employee benefit based demand is for pet insurance. And we expect there's a lot of pent-up expectation for the product. There's a lot of momentum around pet insurance in the work site. So we do believe there's going to be a lot of interest. Now remember, in terms of our results, recognize that we don't book any earned premium, if you will, or sales on that product. That earned premium and sales is booked by Trupanion. Our rationale for putting our brand on it powered by Trupanion is that it creates -- it first, it checks a box in terms of having a pet insurance product, which many of the brokers and their clients like to see and have interest in. But also it creates an opportunity to have a more unique conversation and broader capability when we're in finalist presentations on voluntary benefits overall. So, it really helps create more energy around our broader voluntary products and once again, looking for that halo effect. So that's our expectation. We don't have really specific sales expectations other than its going to be gradual, because we want to get it right. And when you come into the premier broker world with a new product, you don't have too many chances to get it right. You need to get it right out of the gate. You need to measure three times and cut once. And the reason is because if it doesn't get off to a good and controlled start, it can be problematic in that community of brokers and we don't want that to happen. But it's a very unique product. Those of you who are familiar with Trupanion and I'm sure you've read the news recently that they were excited to announce an alliance with Chewy, which is really bonified their unique value proposition. We think this is a different type of a product. We think this is not simply a check-the-box pet insurance product. We think the special value proposition, veterinarian-driven type product set is a unique differentiator. And we've coupled it even with benefits where you as an employee can purchase a rider that pays you your out-of-pocket costs, if your pet is sick and you need to take off work and experience some of the same out-of-pocket cost come with human health conditions. So, we really have built a unique value proposition. We think it's a differentiator, and we think it will create more fulsome conversations when selling our broader voluntary platform.
Operator: The next question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: My first question is regarding the Japan Post employee kind of transferring 10,000 of them to Japan Post Insurance. How should we think about the required time for them to ramp up? And how should we think about the potential impact on kind of the sales outlook?
Fred Crawford: I think it's best for our Japan colleagues to address that. So Yoshizumi, the transfer of postal sales people to Japan Post Insurance and how that flows through? And is there any ramp-up period?
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide of Aflac Japan. As you mentioned, there will be 10,000 people or salespeople moving from Japan Post Company to Japan Post Insurance in April, and this is being planned. And what is very important about this is that, after these people are transferred to Japan Post Insurance, they will only be selling Japan Post insurance product and Aflac cancer products. And since their people's moves are in April and preparation is going extremely well towards April. However, right after their move in April, there may not be a significant impact. However, once they get used to it, there will be a gradual increase in the momentum of sales. So what we are expecting is that after this transfer occurs, and then perhaps in the second half of this year, there will be some more momentum in sales. And let me just add a little bit more information that these 10,000 salespeople that are currently working for Japan Post Company is already -- are already selling our cancer insurance. Therefore, they do have the experience and the knowledge of cancer insurance. That's all from me.
Humphrey Lee: That's helpful. Just staying on Japan. So you talked about some of the counter measures for COVID is not really restrictive and one of the bigger question would be how kind of the consumers will react given the current environment. I think I read somewhere that the lawmakers are looking at potentially more restrictive countermeasures for COVID and also the consumer confidence has been dropping in Japan. I was just wondering if you can elaborate a little more if there are more restrictive measures to put in place and the consumer confidence is continue to drop, like should we see -- could we see a more dampened sales outlook for 2022?
Dan Amos: This is Dan. Let me -- I want to make a couple of comments. Number one is it hadn't been stated, but they have they have 90% of the people have been vaccinated in Japan. And so, the -- as we've seen with the new variants the death rate is much lower and there's improvement. I don't think we have any specific answers at this time. I'll let them answer in terms of what the government will require. But I think it's -- you're going to see the death rate and the issues trend down instead of up because we're seeing everybody vaccinated compared to the United States. Now some states, of course, are higher than others, but there is a movement in that direction. You also may have saw the Johns Hopkins report last week that a lot of these things that they're doing in regard to trying to control the variant has not worked very well. And so, I think you're going to see more movement back to normal. We certainly, as a corporation, both in Japan and the United States are moving in a gradual, but for example, we had a meeting of 1,000 people of our salespeople. We tested them all before they came. Some didn't want to come, but over 800 showed up after it was all said and done, we had about 15 cases of COVID in the United States for that particular meeting, which was really, if you took 1,000 people at random, that would be a relatively low number. So, I think you're seeing things move back in Japan. We're back to over 50% of the employees are at work, what they'll have to give you the exact number, but it's over 50%. So, I see things moving back more to normal. Koide, would you take that question, please, and talk a little bit about it.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide once again. And it is true that even in Japan, the number of new cases that are on the increase. However, as Fred mentioned earlier, the current infection prevention measures that are being issued is much milder than the state of emergency that the government has issued a long time ago. And the government of Japan is aiming to strike a balance between prevention of the infection. At the same time, promote economic measures and activities. And therefore, the government is extra careful about whether to issue even severe or like emergency measures. So as a result, we are not -- there is no plan of Japan issuing very severe measures such as lockdown or any severe measures, then the state of emergency that the government of Japan has issued a while ago. So, there is no change -- no plan for the change in loss either. That's all for me.
Fred Crawford: Yes, one thing, not to pile on. This is Fred. But one thing I would say, just in terms of the basis of your question, as you always want to be careful about the correlation of economic activity in Japan and the sale or demand for our products. Right now, really, what we're talking about is the practical implications of meeting face-to-face and having a naturally higher close rate meeting face-to-face. But it is after all a pandemic. And so you would imagine that supplemental medical disability product, even elderly care and cancer product, that there will be a natural level of elevated and awareness for these types of products given pandemic conditions. So, it's really more a practical execution issue than it is a demand and economic issue in my view.
David Young: Thank you, Humphrey. And Jason, I believe that was our last call, we've gone past the top of the hour. For anyone that has any follow-up questions, though, I'm pleased to ask you to contact Investor and Rating Agency Relations. We'll be happy to help you. Thank you all for your time today and look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Aflac Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to David Young, Vice President of Investor and Rating Agency Relations and ESG. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Ian. Good morning, and welcome. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. And this morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.  Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated will begin with an overview of our operations in both countries. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives, including how we are navigating the pandemic. Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of third quarter financial results and current capital and liquidity. Members of our U.S. executive management team joining us for the Q&A segment of the call are Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, President of Individual and Group Benefits; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S.  We are also joined by members of our executive management team at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; and Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; as well as Koichiro Yoshizumi, Director, Deputy President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning. Thank you for joining us. With the pandemic conditions continuing to evolve, I'm proud of our response over the last year. I am also grateful to our team of employees and sales representatives who have empowered Aflac to adapt to what has been a very challenging time for everyone. During the third quarter, we saw a rise and then a decline in COVID cases and hospitalizations in both the United States and in Japan, but to varying degrees. With that in mind, I continue to address our employees in a way that's similar to how with my own family. I'm keeping them informed in updates from the medical community and encourage them to get the COVID-19 vaccine because I want people to avoid being sick or even worse being a casualty due to this pandemic. As we entered the fourth quarter, when the weather gets colder and indoor gatherings increase, the recovery from the pandemic remains uncertain, and we must remain diligent. For the third quarter, adjusted earnings per diluted share, excluding foreign currency impact increased 10.1% for the quarter and 20.1% for the year. These results are largely driven by lower-than-expected benefit ratios and higher net investment income, primarily in Japan. Looking at the operations in Japan in the third quarter, Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results as reflected in the profit margin of 26.3%, which was above the outlook range provided at our financial analyst briefing for 2020.  As Max will explain in a few moments, Aflac Japan has reported very strong premium persistency of 94.5%. Aflac Japan sales were essentially flat for the quarter. Sales for the first 9 months of this year were approximately 66% of 2019 level. We continue to navigate evolving pandemic conditions in Japan, which include widespread state of emergencies that extended to multiple prefectures and persisted through the third quarter. These states of emergency in Japan are much less restrictive and more limited in scope than lockdowns in other countries, but they have impacted face-to-face sales opportunities.  As we entered the fourth quarter, the ability to meet face-to-face with customers appears to be improving somewhat gradually and the degree to which our ability to meet face-to-face continues to improve with a very key driver in the recovery of our sales. We were encouraged by the September launch of our new nursing care insurance in Japan, which we view as another opportunity to meet the needs of certain consumers. However, it's still very early in the launch of this new product to determine the potential of the nursing care insurance.  In addition, Aflac Japan continues to work to strengthen the alliance with Japan Post, which resumed proactive sales of the cancer insurance on April 1. We expect continued collaboration to further position both companies for the long-term growth and a gradual improvement of Japan Post cancer insurance sales in the intermediate term. Now turning to Aflac U.S. We saw a strong profit margin of 22.2%. This result was driven by lower incurred benefits and higher adjusted net investment income, particularly offset by the higher adjusted expenses.  Aflac U.S. also continued to have strong premium persistency of nearly 80%. Sales increased 35% for the quarter and are at approximately 78% of sales for the first 9 months of 2019. These sales results reflect what we believe are improving pandemic conditions in the United States, allowing us more face-to-face meetings and enrollments than prior periods. In the U.S., small businesses have gained some incremental ground toward recovery, which we expect to continue gradually. Within the challenging small business and labor markets, we continue to make investments in developments of traditional independent sales agents that make up about 53% of our sales as of the third quarter of 2021. At the same time, larger businesses appear to be more resilient given their traditional reliance on online self-enrollment tools, and we continue to invest in the group platform. Group business, which is being driven by broker performance is performing very well. excluding our acquired platforms, group sales have generated a year-to-date sales increase of 14% over the same period for 2019. As we enter historically higher enrollment periods in the United States, we remain focused on being able to sell and service customers, whether in-person or virtually. With an eye toward responding to the needs of consumers, businesses and our distribution, we continue to build out the U.S. portfolio with Aflac Network Dental and Vision, premier life and disability. These new lines modestly impact the top line in the short term. These new products in combination with our core products, better position Aflac U.S. for future long-term success.  Pandemic conditions have served to fuel our long-standing strategy of being where people want to purchase insurance in both the United States and in Japan. And while face-to-face sales remains the most effective way for us to convey the financial protection only Aflac products provide. The pandemic has clearly demonstrated the need for virtual avenues to help us reach potential customers. We have continued to invest in tools for our distribution in both countries and to integrate these investments into our operations. As always, we place significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and Japan on behalf of our policyholders and investors. We remain committed to prudent liquidity and capital management.  With the fourth quarter declaration, 2021 will mark the 39th consecutive year of dividend increases. Our dividend track record is supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. At the same time, we will continue to be tactical in our share repurchase and focus on integrating the growth investments we've made in our platform. We are well-positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period in continued position of strength and leadership and look forward to sharing more about our strategic and financial priorities at the Financial Analyst Briefing on November 16, 2021. Now let me turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford : Thank you, Dan. Recognizing we have our analyst and investor briefing scheduled in the next few weeks, I'll keep my comments brief before handing off to Max on the quarter's financial results.  Beginning with Aflac Japan, as Dan noted, it was an unusual quarter with the states of emergency declarations across most of the country. Declarations are triggered in Japan by, among other things, a combination of rates of infection and hospital utilization by prefecture. The precise impact is difficult to calculate, but the practical implications include reduced face-to-face consultations, limited access to on-site workers and payroll solicitation, reduced foot traffic to the roughly 400 owned and affiliated retail shops that we sell through, and restricted travel between prefectures, which further constrains sales professionals. When looking at claims experience through the third quarter and since inception of the virus, Aflac Japan's COVID impact has totaled approximately 31,000 claimants with incurred claims of JPY 5.6 billion. We expect conditions to improve and remain focused on what we can control, including product development and advancing our business model.  Our medical product EVER Prime continues to do well with medical sales up roughly 14% in the quarter and 36% year-to-date over the same period in 2020. Our market share has improved, but we're still at roughly 85% of the medical sales enjoyed in 2019, which was also a medical product refresh year. So pandemic conditions in the quarter are having an impact. Regarding our nursing care product, since our late September launch, we have sold nearly 10,000 policies. This is a strong start, but within our expectations given the marketing support put behind the product. From a risk perspective, this is a supplemental product aligned with coverage provided by the Japanese government and targeting the mass market. Benefits are, therefore, less rich and capped both in an amount and duration. The product is designed for protection versus savings with modest interest rate sensitivity. In summary, the product has a similar risk profile to our existing third sector products. We continue the development of noninsurance services that wrap our cancer and now nursing care product offerings. This has become more common among the large domestic insurers and we see these services as important for both defending and building our market share. Turning to the U.S., pandemic conditions remain at elevated levels with the spread of the Delta strain of the virus. As of the end of the third quarter, Aflac U.S. COVID claimants since inception of the virus has totaled approximately 79,000 with incurred claims of $135 million.  Dan covered overall U.S. sales conditions. I'll focus my comments specifically on our buy-to-build growth platforms. Our 2021 Dental and Vision strategy can be summed up as a year of launch, learn and adjust. This quarter, we processed over 1,600 cases, up 30% over the second quarter as we roll out training and development to agents and launch in additional states. We are focused on small- and medium-sized businesses with sold cases averaging around 95 employees.  Looking forward into 2022, we continue building out our dental network and readying the platform for increased volumes as we move upmarket and introduce a direct-to-consumer individual product. Our premier life and disability team successfully renewed 100% of their current accounts, a testimony to their high-quality service model. We are preparing to launch with Connecticut administering benefits for their state-wide paid family and medical leave program in 2022. This is an administrative-only contract leveraging our acquired leave management platform. With respect to our e-commerce initiative, Aflac Direct, we currently offer products in 46 states. We are actively building out a licensed call center and currently have 14 licensed agents. The call center platform is in the early days of building and augments our digital-only conversion rates as well as reduces operational dependency on call center vendors. In the third quarter, these 3 platforms accounted for roughly 13% of sales and are expected to build as a percentage of sales and earned premium in the coming years.  Before handing off to Max, a few comments on operations. In Japan, we continue to drive volume through our online sales solution. Year-to-date, we have processed over 38,000 online applications with September being our largest month since launching the capability.  We are pushing forward on technology and digital modernization and are sizing the investment required to streamline our policyholder services platform. This is the largest operating platform in Japan and a key to driving down our long-term expense ratio.  In the U.S., our premier life and disability platform completed a successful transition this month from Zurich on time, on budget and without client or customer disruption. We are focused on migrating our voluntary business to a new group administration platform and building out critical data connections with leading benefit administration and HR systems. The goal is to ensure ease of doing business, smooth onboarding and renewals and quality service and analytics. When looking at our Japan and U.S. expense ratios going forward, we continue with critical platform development despite a period of weaker revenue. We expect to stay within previously guided ranges for expense ratios, recognizing prolonged pandemic conditions require recalibrating the precise trajectory and time line for reaching our ultimate targets. Finally, at Aflac Global Investments, performance remains strong. We continue to advance our sustainable investing platform and recently refreshed our strategic asset allocation work. Our team will dive deeper into operations and strategic execution at next month’s Analyst and Investor Briefing. Let me now turn things over to Max to cover financial performance. Max?
Max Broden : Thank you, Fred. For the third quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 10.1% to $1.53, with a $0.02 negative impact from foreign exchange in the quarter. This strong performance for the quarter was largely driven by lower claims utilization due to pandemic conditions, especially in Japan.  Variable investment income ran $0.11 above our long-term return expectations. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, grew 10.1%. And the adjusted ROE, excluding the foreign currency impact, was strong 16.2%, a significant spread to our cost of capital. Starting with our Japan segment. Total earned premium for the quarter declined 4%, reflecting first sector policies paid up impacts, while earned premium for our third sector products was down 2.6% due to recent low sales volumes. Policy count in force, which we view as a better measure of our overall business growth declined 1.8%. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 66.1% for the quarter, down 520 basis points year-over-year, and the third sector benefit ratio was 55% and down 670 basis points year-over-year.  We experienced a greater-than-normal IBNR release in our third sector block as experience continues to come in favorable relative to initial reserving. Utilization continues to be constrained by pandemic conditions and we now have more than a year's worth of pandemic data, and with that, our model output is more refined, leading to increased releases.  Adjusting for greater than normal IBNR releases and in-period experience, we estimate that our normalized benefit ratio for the third quarter to be 68.7%. Persistency remained strong with a rate of 94.5%, down 50 basis points year-over-year. Consistent with past refreshed product launches, we have experienced a slight uptick in lapse rates on our medical product as policyholders look to update their coverage. Our expense ratio in Japan was 21.4%, down 30 basis points year-over-year. Constrained business activity lowered our expenses in Q3, which we view to be a temporary phenomenon. We generally expect increased spending on key initiatives to continue and especially in Q4 as we tend to see some seasonality in spending and booking of projects. Adjusted net investment income increased 19.7% in yen terms, primarily driven by favorable returns on our growing private equity portfolio and lower hedge costs, partially offset by lower reinvestment yields on our fixed rate portfolio.  The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 26.3%, up 690 basis points year-over-year, a very good result for the quarter. This quarter's strong financial results lead us to expect a full year benefit ratio for Japan to be below the 3-year guidance range of 68.5% to 71% given at FAB. And the pretax margin to be above the 20.5% to 22.5% range given at -- for the full year 2021.  Turning to U.S. results. Net earned premium was down 1% as lower sales results during the pandemic continued to have an impact on our earned premium. Persistency improved 110 basis points to 79.9%. 70 basis points of which are from lower sales, as first year lapse rates are roughly twice the level of in-force lapse rates.  In addition, there still remains about 40 basis points of positive impact from emergency orders. Our total benefit ratio in the U.S. came in lower than expected at 45.1% or 320 basis points lower than Q3 2020, which itself was heavily impacted by the initial pandemic. Lower and deferred claims utilization impacts our IBNR held for incurred claims within a year. And as we get more data, our long-term models increased reliance on raw data leading to IBNR releases. This quarter, they amounted to a 3.5 percentage point impact on the benefit ratio, which leads to an underlying benefit ratio, excluding IBNR releases of 48.6%. We expect the benefit ratio to increase gradually throughout the remainder of the year with the resumption of normal activity in our communities and by our policyholders. For the full year, we now expect our benefit ratio to be in the range of 43% to 46% versus original guidance of 48% to 51%. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 38.9%, up 170 basis points year-over-year, but with a lot of moving parts. Weaker sales performance negatively impacts revenue, however, the impact to our expense ratio is largely offset by lower duck expense. Higher advertising spend increased the expense ratio by 40 basis points. Our continued build-out of growth initiatives, group life and disability, network dental and vision, and direct-to-consumer contributed to a 260 basis points increase to the ratio when isolating these investments. These important strategic growth investments are somewhat offset by our efforts to lower our core operating expenses as we strive towards being the low-cost producer in the voluntary benefits space.  Net-net, despite a lot of moving parts, Q3 expenses are tracking according to plan. In the quarter, we also incurred $7.8 million of integration expenses not included in adjusted earnings associated with recent acquisitions. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 9.1%, mainly driven by favorable variable investment income in the quarter. Profitability in the U.S. segment remained strong with a pretax margin of 22.2%, with a low benefit ratio as the core driver. With 9 months now in the books, we are increasing our pretax expectation for the full year. Initial expectations were for us to be towards the low end of 16% to 19%. We now expect to end up above the range indicated at FAB 2020. In our corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $41 million, as adjusted net investment income was down $12 million versus last year due to low interest rates at the short end of the yield curve and change in value of certain tax credit investments. These tax credit investments run through the corporate net investment income line for U.S. GAAP purposes with an associated credit to the tax line. The net impact to our bottom line was a positive $5 million in the quarter. To date, these investments are performing well and in line with expectations. In the fourth quarter, we do expect a significant tax credit investment to fund, which will bring some volatility to the corporate NII line as well as an offsetting credit to the tax line.  Our capital position remains strong and we ended the quarter with an SMR in Japan of north of 900% and an RBC north of 600% in Aflac Columbus. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $4.2 billion, $1.8 billion above our minimum balance. Leverage, which includes the sustainability bond issued earlier this year, remains at a comfortable 22.6% in the middle of our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%.  In the quarter, we repurchased $525 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $220 million, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted return on equity with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital.  Finally, I would like to mention that we will begin to expand our disclosures around the adoption of LDTI in our Form 10-Q and at FAB. At a high level, we do not see this accounting adoption as an economic event with no impact to our regulatory financials or capital base. There will be no change to how we manage the company, cash flows or capital. With that, I'll hand it over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: [Operator Instructions]. Ian, we will now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, our first question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally : I wanted to touch on Japan sales. Hoping to get some color on a number of points. First, progression of sales throughout the quarter, in particular, whether you saw a sharp dip during the Olympics. Second, as the emergency orders were lifted. Have you seen sales rebound if it's possible to comment on that? And third, an update on the ramp-up in cancer sales within Japan Post?
Dan Amos : Well, let me just get Aflac Japan to start with that, and then I may make a comment afterwards, but I think that'd be best. So Koi, however you want to handle this, please?
Koichiro Yoshizumi : Yes. Yoshizumi san will answer to this question. [Foreign Language] This is Yoshizumi of Aflac Japan.  [Foreign Language]. Thank you for the question.  [Foreign Language]. Let me start from our situation in the third quarter. And in the third quarter, since we had the largest spread of COVID-19 due to Delta strain.  [Foreign Language]. And as a result of that, the state of emergency declaration, which only covered 20 prefectures in the second quarter increased to 33 prefectures in the third quarter.  [Foreign Language]. In other words, the state of emergency declaration area covered 90% of population in Japan.  [Foreign Language]. And so there were impact to our sales performance and results due to a decrease in face-to-face both station and meetings with customers and also delaying some of the worksite sales station as well as the number of traffic -- customer traffic coming into our walk-in shops. And on top of that, there were some restrictions in traveling across prefectural borders, which prevented us from visiting customers.  [Foreign Language]. However, under this environment, we have been able to arrive at a point the same level of sales as for the third quarter last year. That is because of the online solicitation that we have conducted. And also the new product that we launched at the end of September, which is the nursing care product. So as a result, we have been able to reach the same level of sales as in the third quarter last year. [Foreign Language]. Right now, in the fourth quarter, there is no area in Japan that is covered under the state of emergency declaration. [Foreign Language]. And the economic activities are becoming much more active in Japan, although it's gradual. [Foreign Language]. We are expecting that our set sales will grow in the fourth quarter with -- by focusing on the sales of the nursing care product.
Dan Amos : I will -- go ahead, please.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language]. This is Masatoshi Koide from Aflac Japan. I will address the overall strategic alliance. But before doing so, Yoshizumi san, would you please talk about our sales performance or prospects through the Japan Post channel.
Koichiro Yoshizumi : [Foreign Language] Once again, this is Yoshizumi. [Foreign Language] While new policy sales increased over the second quarter. However, the pace of recovery has been moderate. [Foreign Language]. Well, this was driven by several factors, including that it has been approximately 2 years since Japan post refrain from conducting proactive sales states of emergency limited the ability of sales representatives in many areas to meet customers and preparations are underway for the upcoming transfer of sales employees from Japan Post Company to Japan Post Insurance. [Foreign Language]. We have been conducting a range of activities to help promote sales through the Japan Post channel. For example, in the third quarter, we conducted training aimed at improving Japan post agent mindset and skills. We did so through activities to inform policyholders about the latest coverage and engaged in proposal activities for those not yet covered by cancer insurance. [Foreign Language]. We are currently promoting cancer insurance sales by managing the sales process, which includes approaching customers, getting to know their needs informed them of the latest coverage, making proposals based on the proposal form and closing the deal, we are emphasizing with Japan Post to increasing the number of proposals. [Foreign Language]. As the Japan Post Group announced in September, approximately 10,000 sales employees to be transferred from postal network to Japan Post Insurance will offer only Japan Post insurance and Aflac cancer insurance product. [Foreign Language]. We believe that preparations for the transfer and transition of these employees also affected third quarter sales activities. [Foreign Language]. And against that backdrop, sales will continue to strengthen, but we expect that a full recovery will take time.  [Foreign Language]. Okay. That's it for me. So I will give it back to Mr. Koide, Koide San, please.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language]. In the June agreement to further expand the strategic alliance, we confirmed that FAB counter insurance sales are an important part of Japan Post Group's co-creation platform vision which is a central theme of its medium-term management plan. We also confirmed that Japan Post Group will continue to promote cancer insurance sales as an important product in its sales strategy. [Foreign Language]. In October, Aflac and Japan Post Group senior executives held our quarterly strategic alliance committee meeting. At that meeting, the Japan Post Group President, Charles Lake, I and others met. We had a very constructive discussion about the current situation, including the pace of sales recovery and discussed specific measures to improve counter insurance sales. [Foreign Language]. We walked away pleased by the strong commitment expressed to strengthen the alliance to achieve growth. Against that backdrop, we expect that cancer insurance sales through the Japan Post channel will steadily recover over the medium term.
Dan Amos : All right. You heard a lot because there's been a lot going on, because we consider this to be 1 of the most important issues that we are looking at. Let me just sum it up by saying that the third quarter definitely hurt our production everywhere because of people being required to stay at home under those emergency orders, to some degree, not like Europe, but strong enough that hurt space sales, has the attitude of the management team at Japan Post changed in any way from what it was earlier in the year. The answer is no. We are aligned. They are large shareholders. They know that so goes their production will play a big impact on the company, Aflac specifically and what will take place.  Is it slower than we thought -- it's slower than I thought. I was hoping it would kick back up. But with the emergency, it did slow it down. do I think they will recapture where they were? I absolutely do. Do I know the time on it? I do not. Do I think that top management is pushing it Yes, I do think they're pushing it. Do I think the lower management levels are on board yet? I think they're very tentative because not about our products, but any products. because they've been pushed by the FSA, not to make any mistakes to be -- so it's just a little bit slower getting them comfortable back to normal where they can begin to go. So I still think we have a winner with Japan Post. I think it's nice that not only are they selling for us, but that they are a large shareholder because that ties us so closely together. So I know you've heard a lot about this, so I'll stop there.
Max Broden: Nigel, you also asked a very specific question about the quarter. Let me just give you some color. July was about JPY 4.4 billion in sales. August JPY 3.7 billion and September rebounded back to JPY 4.5 billion. That may suggest on the surface, some impact related to the Olympics, but it's extremely difficult to calculate that type of precise impact. I think the broader issue is states of emergency picking up throughout the quarter, as we discussed earlier. I'd also note that September had about 300 -- a little over 300 million of sales of the new care product, which we launched in the last 7 days of the month. So that will give you an idea of some of the trend dynamics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee : My first question is on the IBNR reserve releases, but more about the reserving practice. I feel like we’ve tried to get to a better understanding for a while now. But you have continued to see these favorable reserve releases for a number of quarters. I appreciate the guidance for the full year basis, that’s helpful, at least for kind of looking at the fourth quarter. But just can you walk us through you’re reserving process during the pandemic. And should we see more releases in the coming quarters as long as COVID is still around since on a rolling basis, the IBNR that you set up 12 months ago will have to be released if claims incidents remain low?
Dan Amos : So Humphrey, so first of all, we have not changed our reserving practices. They continue the way they have always been, and follows the same methodology. When it comes to future reserve releases, that’s very difficult to predict. But in general terms, I would say that if we continue to be in pandemic conditions with low claims utilization, you are likely -- and therefore, you’re likely to continue to see some reserve releases come through our results. Simply because we continue to reserve the way we have before. We have not adjusted our new claims reserving to the more recent claims utilization experience, but we continue to reserve to a more normalized claims expectation.
Humphrey Lee : Okay. Got it. My second question is related to the U.S. sales, especially those through your broker channel, which has continued to show good recovery given the channel has the largest production in the fourth quarter, have you seen any early signs of what the fourth quarter may look like through that channel?
David Young : Teresa?
Teresa White: Yes, this is Teresa. I’ll make a couple of comments, and then I’ll ask Virgil to respond specifically to the question. But as far as broker sales, first of all, we benefited from really stellar broker sales in the third quarter. We also benefited from veteran sales as well in existing and new accounts. From a broker standpoint, you know that during the quarter, we have the Delta variant. So with that, we saw pressure with career agency sales. And so 1 of the ways that we mitigate that was to pivot and drive broker contracting so that we could set up the third and fourth quarter for good sales through that channel. So I’ll let Virgil respond with additional color.
Virgil Miller : Yes. Thanks, Teresa. Just to add up a few things you said, Teresa. Within what we saw in the third quarter returned about veterans, veterans, we talk about really being 5 years plus. I saw a 10% increase over last year in the return of those veterans. That gives us a good start going in Q4, specific to the broker channel Third quarter, we saw a 62% increase year-over-year. And also, that was 112% performance compared to 2019 pre-COVID. I am optimistic we will see the same thing going into fourth quarter. Our pipelines are strong. And so therefore, we stick with our expectations going through the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JP Morgan Securities LLC.
Jimmy Bhullar : I just had a question on Japan sales, and you gave a very detailed response to the earlier question. But I think everyone was sort of surprised that sales declined on a sequential basis. And to the extent this was driven by more widespread emergency orders and the Olympics, I just wanted to see if you could comment on how you feel sales activity will pick up now that the orders have been lifted? And have you seen that already now that you've gone through the first month in the fourth quarter.
Max Broden: Yes, Jimmy, 1 thing I would say and our Japanese colleagues can weigh in if they'd like, but a few things. One, I think we -- it's very difficult to give a precise percentage, if you will, as to what the impact of the rolling states of emergency and the Olympics are in the third quarter. And so that makes judging the fourth quarter more difficult. But we clearly expect conditions to be better in the fourth quarter.  We also -- as you remember, we only had 7 days -- or my earlier comments, we only had 7 days of the new care product sales in September. And we continue to see momentum through the first 20-plus days in October in that product. And then meanwhile, we continue to work with Japan Post. And so we have a positive view of the trend lines heading into the fourth quarter for all of those things, but it's very difficult to put sort of percentage or more precise guidance around that, and we wouldn't venture to do that. But certainly, conditions suggest that we will see some recovery.
Jimmy Bhullar : And then just on the U.S. business, can you sort of compare and contrast what's going on in the agency channel versus the process what's going on in the agency channel versus the broker channel, it seems like the broker business has obviously done better and then also similarly small versus larger employers where it seems like the larger employer markets coming back a lot faster than smaller employers.
Teresa White: I'll ask Virgil to respond to that.
Virgil Miller : Yes. Thanks, Teresa. So first, I'll start on a large case market. In the lowest case market, like I said before, we've seen good performance with our overall broker channel, again, they're performing about 2019, predominantly selling the group product. Group product is dominating now in large case space. We've seen really 146% of 2019 sales when it comes to group. So I agree with you, we've seen strong recovery in the large case space. Really, that relates to the fact that the large case space is already really used to more virtual and online experience sales.  A little bit more, let's say, headwinds in smaller cases, small case that we continue to dominate with our career channel. Again, I integrated earlier that we saw a return of on veterans. We have veterans come back to produce in that third quarter that had not produced all year, so we're looking well. Added to together, really, 1 of the things we've been doing, though, is ensuring that we go to market as a unified sales distribution channel. Distribution continues to be a core competency of Aflac as has always been. And you will see that for broker-driven sales in the lowest case space, our agents participate in many cases, that's fulfillment. So that's a key aspect is there's overlap when it to work together also.
Max Broden: One of the things that we're seeing, Jimmy, in the U.S. is you've read a lot about the labor markets. And when you think about the 3 to 99 space, which is where our agents sell, that's a particular part of the economy that obviously was hit harder and it's taking longer to recover from the pandemic. They're now facing a different kind of issue, and that is can they get the help to actually keep the businesses open and running properly.  Labor market conditions are very difficult to navigate right now for many small businesses. That same dynamic goes to our recruiting -- So recruiting dynamics are more challenging in this type of a labor market. There's a lot of speculation about those conditions also starting to improve more so as we get out of the fourth quarter into early part of next year. But I just want to remind folks that you tend to think about the pandemic and that's, of course, affected small businesses but labor market dynamics are also uniquely impactful to that franchise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher : Max, just a follow-up on some of the underlying claim trends you were referring to. The -- I heard what you said about U.S. is returning closer to normal, but Japan remains below normal. How much lower is Japan in terms of the underlying claims trends? Are we talking about 1% to 2% below normal? Is it closer to 5%? Can you comment on what the level is? And then also relatedly, how does that split between medical and cancer? Is it below normal for both? Or is 1 kind of driving that?
Max Broden: So Tom, specifically for Japan, it bounces around from month-to-month. But I would say that it’s single digits below normal run rate. It is what we have experienced for an extended period of time. In the U.S., it’s been a little bit more volatile where we’ve seen anything between zero and 20% below normal sort of claims run rates. And more recently, we have approached more sort of normal run rate, especially when we look at the -- for example, the first 2 weeks of the fourth quarter, we have come back to more -- certainly more normal levels.
Tom Gallagher : Got it. And then the between medical and cancer in Japan, where -- is it across bolters at 1 or the other?
Max Broden: It’s really both where we have seen it. It’s for -- on -- again, it’s different for different benefits within those products. But generally speaking, when we sort of average it out and look at both product lines, we see similar impacts on both medical and cancer.
Tom Gallagher : And when you say single digit, is it mid-single digit or high or low?
Max Broden: Single digits.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge : Sticking with the U.S. benefit ratio a little bit. I get it seems reasonable to assume claims utilization coming in that next quarter. But given the IBNR nature, how do we think about like the time decay of this as a weak forward?
Dan Amos : I think you were cut off. You might want to ask the question 1 more time because we only heard part of it.
John Barnidge : I get it seems reasonable that claims utilization will normalize in that next quarter. But given the IBNR nature, how should we think about that time decay of that tailwind may be leaking into subsequent years?
Dan Amos : I'll kick off, and then I'll ask Al Riggieri, our Chief Actuary, to maybe give some comments as well. But generally speaking, you tend to see a quicker reaction to more recent claims trends in our U.S. business than what you see in Japan. But please, Al, if you would like to add some color, please.
Al Riggieri: Sure. The U.S., as Max said, was a little bit more -- it fluctuates more. So you'd see a little bit more fluctuation around that. But we go through approximately 12 months of accruals to really get zeroed in on the claims level. So it takes data and time to mature the information coming in and looking at it for IBNR. So the judgment during the period. I'd expect it to continue to have a little -- a bit of a tail going out the back end through the remainder of COVID. But with -- as the claims rebound, you'll begin to see more of normalization back into normal sort of benefit ratio trends.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass : Max, can you just talk about how much capital generation is running ahead of your initial expectations this year, given the strong results? And how does that play into your outlook for capital deployment?
Max Broden: It clearly runs above what we initially expected. And you can essentially break it down as the upside is primarily driven by the lower-than-expected benefit ratios. They pretty much immediately flow through into higher statutory earnings and also higher FSA earnings as well, which then drives our capital formation and generation and ultimately, dividends up to the holding company. So you can use the difference between our reported benefit ratios and our normalized benefit ratios as a guidance for what that sort of increased capital generation this year would be.  Now, when we then think about capital deployment, we have significant capital around the company and all the operating subsidiaries. We operate with very strong capital ratios. And also at the holding company, we hold a very high level. Therefore, if our capital generation in a single year or a single period deviates from our initial expectations, it’s not necessarily driving or changing our tactical view of how we deploy capital. So I wouldn’t necessarily immediately lead it into that from a -- on a short-term basis. Obviously, long term, it’s more capital that we have available to us to deploy into our different deployment strategies.
Erik Bass : Got it. And then a follow-up. Fred, you mentioned some of the ancillary products and services that you could offer kind of around the cancer and senior care product. Just want to get a sense of what those might be and how you would, I guess, bring those to market?
Fred Crawford : Yes. It’s becoming a very developed approach by not many, but a few of the leading insurance companies in Japan. And it’s largely developed around care products historically, and that is offering certain concierge services for the elderly that are attached to elderly care insurance policy support, everything from nursing care support to in-home modernization to reduce the risk of injury, et cetera. You’re seeing some of that, of course, go on in the U.S., and it’s going on in Japan, too.  Our approach has been to, A, make sure that we’re building out those types of services around the care product. But also, we think there’s an opportunity for particularly Aflac to do that in the cancer space. And the way to think about it, we have formed an entity in Japan called Hatch Healthcare. And that entity has been building out these noninsurance services surrounding cancer and now care insurance. And effectively, the way it works is you as a policyholder, have an ability to call in to effectively a concierge desk that then helps direct you to either internal or third-party contractual agreements to support both diagnosis and early screening type services on cancer as well as post-cancer diagnosis care, everything from nutrition to mental health to other dynamics. And so this is in the early stages of being built. We’ve been working on it for about 2 years now. It’s now starting to become in a spot to be put into action. But we think this is really the next horizon, if you will, of securing our market share and building our capabilities on the cancer side. And then also, it’s really a necessary entity in supporting care insurance and competing with the other big care providers in the country.
Erik Bass : Got it. Is it fee for service or part of your covered under your premium?
Fred Crawford : Yes. Essentially, it’s covered under the premium. And then once you funnel through a concierge desk. It depends on what services you request and then there are charges that are applied through third-party contractual arrangements predominantly. That is the vision at the moment. So it’s more around customer service, persistency, sales opportunity and market share, I should note that these types of services would also be offered on cancer policies sold through Japan Post. So it’s really both a defensive and offensive play, but ultimately, this Hatch Healthcare entity would drive its own independent revenue through contractual relationships and margins with third-party providers.  By the way, these are the types of things we would develop more at the Financial Analyst Briefing because it’s probably better done there. But just to provide you some color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Max, could you talk a little bit about your -- the potential uses of excess capital at both the holding company and in the U.S. subsidiary over the next few years? And if you'd look to work that down?
Max Broden: Yes. So let's start with the U.S. Clearly, we are carrying excess capital right now. But we also have a number of growing businesses that are building. And we would expect over time that, that will drive through growth that will drive quite some new business strain. And if we are successful in really executing on our plans, that will gradually drive down the capital level towards a long-term RBC ratio of 400%.  When we move up to the holding company, we clearly have significant readily deployable capital at $1.8 billion as of today. This will continue to support the deployment strategies that we have through dividends. We increased the dividend earlier this year by 17.9%. We have a very long-standing track record, as Dan mentioned, in terms of continuing to increase the dividend. We have done a number of smaller acquisitions as well, where we have allocated capital to, and we've been in very active acquirer of our own stock as well.  So I would expect that all of these to continue. I see the same headlines as all of you in terms of tax surcharge on buybacks. And obviously, we will study the details very, very closely. And that may mean that we will change our strategy somewhat. But long term, I don't see that as a significant change to how we generally funnel the capital back to shareholders.
Ryan Krueger: And then just 1 follow-up since you mentioned you were going to start providing more LDTI disclosure. Have you had conversations with the rating agencies on, I guess, debt to capital levels given the potential impact to equity and kind of confirmed with them that your debt is still appropriate?
Max Broden: We've had a number of conversations with rating agencies and quite frankly, for quite some time, we began already in 2019 to have close discussions with them and that they have continued throughout the LDTI project.
David Young : All right. I just want to thank everyone for joining us and remind you that, as mentioned today, we will be hosting our Virtual 2021 Financial Analyst Briefing on November 16, beginning at 8 a.m. Eastern. Registration opens today, so keep an eye out for that, and reach out to Investor and Rating Agency Relations if you need more details or have questions. And we look forward to having you join us then on the 16th and wish you all continued good health until then. That concludes our call for today.
Operator: The call has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Incorporated 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Please go ahead.
David Young: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to Aflac Incorporated second quarter earnings call. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will begin with an overview of our operations in Japan and the U.S.; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the quarter and discuss key initiatives, including how we are navigating the pandemic; Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of second quarter financial results and current capital on liquidity. Members of our U.S. Executive Management team joining us for the Q&A segment of the call are Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, President of Individual and Group Benefits; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our Executive Management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO and Koichiro Yoshizumi, Director, Deputy President and Director Sales and Marketing. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I’ll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thanks, David, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. With the pandemic conditions to evolve, we remain cautiously optimistic and vigilant as the vaccination efforts continued in the face of uncertainty associated with the emerging variants. I am proud of our response over the last year and our ability to adapt to what has been a very challenging time for everyone, and I continue to pray each day for everyone affected. Adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding foreign currency impact increased 24.2% for the quarter and 24.5% for the year. While earnings are off to a very strong start for the first half of the year, it's important to bear in mind that they are largely supported by a low benefit ratio associated with the pandemic conditions as well as a better than expected return on alternative investments. At the same time, sales improved year-over-year for the first time during the pandemic in the second quarter in both the United States and Japan. As part of our strategy, we strive to be where people want to purchase insurance. That applies to both Japan and the United States. Face-to-face sales are still the most effective way for us to convey the financial protection only Aflac products provide. However, the pandemic has clearly demonstrated the need for virtual means. In other words, non-face-to-face sales that help us reach potential customers and provide them with the protection that they need. We have continued to invest in tools from a distribution in both countries and to integrate these investments into our operation. Recognizing the uncertain nature of a recovery from the pandemic, we expect a stronger second half of the year in both countries, especially if the communities and businesses continue to open up, which would allow more face-to-face interactions. Keeping vaccinations in mind, right now, I am addressing our employees in a way that is similar to how I talk to my family, keeping them informed with the medical community by bringing doctors in, but also by encouraging them to get COVID-19 vaccinations. As I want people to avoid being sick or even worse becoming a casualty of the virus or variant. Looking at our operations in Japan, in the second quarter, Aflac Japan generated solid financial growth results as reflected in its profit margin of 26.5%. This was above the outlook range provided at the 2020 Financial Analyst Briefing. Aflac Japan also reported strong premium persistency of 94.7%. Sales improved year-over-year generating an increase of 38.4% for the quarter and 15.7% for the first six months. These results reflect easier costs, improved pandemic conditions and a boost from the first quarter launch of our new medical product. While sales in the first half of 2021 are at approximately 65% of 2019 levels, we continue to navigate the evolving pandemic conditions in Japan. The states of emergency have been in the targeted areas, especially Tokyo and Okinawa, however, cases have begun increasing in Tokyo and Osaka metropolitan area, and we expect the Japanese government to make a determination soon to expand the declaration of the state of emergency to three other prefectures surrounding Tokyo and Osaka. But most importantly, these states of emergencies are less restricted and limited in scope and do not represent lockdowns as experienced in other countries. Japan Post resumption of proactive sales starting in April is contributing toward a gradual improvement in Aflac cancer insurance sales and we continue to work to strengthen the strategic alliance to create a sustained cycle of growth for both companies. In June for example, Aflac and Japan Post Holdings, Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance reached agreements to further the strategic alliance in a matter consistent with Japan Post Group's five-year medium term management plan, which was announced in May. While we do not expect this to have an immediate impact on sales recovery, it will further position our company for long-term growth as we respond to customer's needs, provide customer-centric services and create shared value of resolving societal and local community issues. Turning to Aflac U.S., we saw a strong profit margin of 25.4% and very strong premium persistency of 80.1%. As expected, we also saw a sequential sales improvement and more opportunities for face-to-face activities. As a result of softer sales a year earlier and more face-to-face opportunities, sales increased 64.1% for the quarter and are at a 73% of the first half of the 2019 level. In the U.S., small businesses are still in recovery mode, which we expect to continue through 2021. At the same time, larger businesses will remain primarily focused on returning employees to the worksite. As I stated earlier, we will focus on being able to sell and service customers, whether in person or virtually. In addition, we continue to build out the U.S. product portfolio with previously acquired businesses, Aflac network dental and vision and premier life and disability. While these acquisitions have a modest near-term impact on the topline, they better position Aflac for future long-term success in the U.S., meanwhile, strong persistency, underwriting profits and investment income continue to drive strong pretax margins in the United States as they do in Japan. As always, we placed significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and in Japan on behalf of our policyholders and investors. We remain committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. We treasure our 38-year track record of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it supported by the strength of the capital and the cash flows. At the same time, we will continue to tactically repurchase shares, focus on integrating the growth investments that we've made in our platform. We are well-positioned as we work toward achieving long-term growth, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership, and look forward to sharing more about the strategic and financial priorities at our Financial Analysts Briefing on November the 16, 2021. So now I turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I'm going to focus my comments on activities to restore our production platform and progress on growth strategies. Beginning with Aflac Japan, we are focused on three areas in building back to pre-pandemic levels of production, product development, online or digital assistant sales and specific sales efforts within the Japan Post platform. With respect to product development, we continue to see positive reception to our revised medical product EVER Prime. Medical product sales for the first half of the year are up roughly 48% over the same period in 2020 and have approached pre-pandemic levels down only 4% from the 2019 period. We are gaining back market share in this highly competitive medical market. Earlier this year, we launched our first short-term insurance product under a newly formed subsidiary called SUDACHI. The product is a small amount, substandard medical product targeting customers who do not qualify for traditional medical coverage. In the second quarter, we have registered close to 600 agencies with SUDACHI and issued about 230 policies. We are in the very early stages of this initiative, but over time, we anticipate adding additional short-term health and income support products. We are in the process of developing a new care product aimed at supplemental elderly care coverage provided by the government of Japan. We will provide strategic context and timing around this product in the coming months, but we believe this product line will mature into a meaningful driver of future third sector sales with an aging population and in anticipation of a continued shift in financial burden from the government to individuals. Turning to distribution. We have technology in place to allow agents to pivot from face-to-face to virtual sales. On March 26, we launched a national advertising campaign promoting this capability. In the second quarter, we have processed over 14,000 online applications as compared to nearly 8,000 in the first quarter. On Japan Post, proposal activity has increased month-to-month, as sales training and promotion permeates the 20,000 branches that sell our insurance. Through the month of June, Aflac Japan has conducted over 35,000 training sessions with Japan Post sales agents nationwide, along with providing contact information on nearly 700,000 existing cancer policyholders to inform on the latest coverage advantages. Activities in the third quarter included visits with regional office managers in the JP system and post office visits to reinforce the sales process. Turning to the U.S. Our group voluntary platform continues to respond well with sales exceeding 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Overall sales recovery is focused on restoring our agent-driven small business franchise hurt by the pandemic. Critical areas of investment include recruiting, converting recruits to weekly producers and product development. In terms of recruiting, we have refocused our efforts in the past year on broker recruiting with new appointments exceeding pre-pandemic levels. Appointing small business brokers takes time to convert into production, but is critical to expanding our reach and gaining traction in the dental and vision markets. Individual agent recruiting remains under pressure, and we are running at 70% of weekly producers we enjoyed pre-pandemic. Agent recruiting is impacted by onboarding and training under COVID restrictions, tight labor markets and employment subsidy programs, all of which we expect to subside later in the year. Our network dental product is approved in 43 states and vision in 42 states, with more states coming online later in the year. We are completing national training programs and have about 50% of trained agents who have quoted on our new dental and vision product offerings. It's early, however, we continue to see our volume building each month and over 50% of our dental and vision cases include voluntary benefits sales. We believe this supports our strategic intent to increase access in new accounts and deepen relationships in our existing accounts. As I said last quarter, our 2021 dental and vision strategy can be summed up as a year of launch, learn and adjust. Our premier life and disability platform continues to support their key client relationships and are building a pipeline of quoted business. Our service model remains exceptional and since closing, we have not lost any notable accounts and have seen early interest among some of our larger voluntary benefit clients. In fact, this morning, Connecticut, Governor Ned Lamont announced the selection of Aflac as administrator for the Connecticut Paid Leave Authority, administering benefits for their statewide paid leave program. This awarded business would not have been possible without our recently acquired group capabilities. With respect to our e-commerce initiative, Aflac Direct, we offer critical illness, accident and cancer and are now approved in 45 states, including California. As a reminder, this platform is focused on reaching customers outside the traditional work site. Like most digital sales platforms, we enjoy higher conversion rates when a digital lead is handed to a licensed call center agent. Currently, most of our leads are funneled to third-party call center platforms, and we are actively building out an Aflac licensed call center. Our digital platform overall is experiencing a 16% conversion rate on qualified leads and generally consistent with many digital D2C insurance platforms. Our consumer market strategy also includes digital distribution and product partnerships and while early in development are designed to expand access to protection products and increased traffic to our site. Through six months in 2021, these three new platforms have combined for 5% of sales as they are in the early building and development stages. We continue to forecast a strong second half based on increased activity and expect these three growth initiatives will contribute upwards of 15% to sales in the second half of 2021. Aflac Global Investments announced last week an investment partnership with Denham Capital. Aflac has made a $2 billion multi-year general account commitment to launch a new debt platform focused on investing in the senior secured debt of sustainable infrastructure projects. Aflac will hold a 24.9% minority interest in a newly created entity Denham sustainable infrastructure. We are also making a $100 million commitment to Denham equity fund focused on sustainable infrastructure investments. We are pleased to partner with Denham, a recognized and leading investment firm in the sustainable infrastructure markets. Under Eric's leadership, this transaction furthers our strategy of partnering with external managers. We seek alliances with firms that maintain strong track records in specialized asset classes that play an important role in our portfolio. We then leverage our capital to take a minority stake to further maximize the potential benefits. When combined with our recent Sound Point Capital investment, we advanced our ESG efforts by investing in sustainable infrastructure and distressed communities across the U.S. I'll now pass on to Max to discuss our financial performance in more detail. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Fred. Let me begin my comments with a review of our Q2 performance with a focus on our core capital and earnings drivers have developed. For the second quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 24.2% to $1.59. The slightly weaker yen/dollar exchange rate did not have a significant impact on adjusted earnings per diluted share. This strong performance for the quarter was largely driven by lower claims utilization due to the pandemic, especially in the U.S. In addition, variable investment income went $112 million above our long-term return expectations. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, grew 20.5%, and the adjusted ROE, excluding the foreign currency impact, was a strong 17%, which is a significant spread to our cost of capital. Starting with our Japan segment. Total earned premium for the quarter declined 3.8%, reflecting the impact of first sector policies reaching paid up status, while earned premium for our third sector products was down 2.3% due to recent lower sales volumes. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 66.9% for the quarter, down 290 basis points year-over-year, and the third sector benefit ratio was 56.5%, down 305 basis points year-over-year. We experienced a slightly higher than normal IBNR release in our third sector block as experience continues to come in favorable relative to initial reserving. This quarter, the IBNR release was primarily due to pandemic conditions constraining utilization since second quarter of 2020 and year-to-date. Although claims activity have begun to rebound, it remains below longer term normalized levels. Our claim reporting lags require up to a year to mature the data, and now with more than a year's worth of pandemic data, our estimates are more refined, which has led to increased IBNR releases. Persistency was down 10 basis points, yet remains strong at 94.7%. Our adjusted expense ratio in Japan was 20.8%, up 80 basis points year-over-year. We continue our technology-related investments to convert Aflac Japan to a paperless company, which also includes higher system maintenance expenses. Additional telework expenses also added to the higher expense ratio in the quarter. Adjusted net investment income increased 27.4% in yen terms, primarily driven by favorable returns on our growing alternatives portfolio and lower hedge costs, partially offset by lower reinvestment yield on our fixed rate portfolio. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 26.5%, up 450 basis points year-over-year, which was a very favorable result for the quarter. This quarters strong financial results leads us to expect the full-year benefit ratio for Japan to be at the lower end of the three-year guidance range of 68.5% to 71% given at FAB and the pretax margin to be at the higher end of the 20.5% to 22.5% range. Turning to U.S. results. Net earned premium was down 3.4% due to weaker sales results. Persistency improved 180 basis points to 80.1%, 63 basis points of the elevated persistency in both the second quarter of this year and the prior year can be explained by emergency orders. So there was no net impact for the quarter year-over-year. 80 basis points of improved persistency in the quarter is attributed to lower sales as first year lapse rates are roughly twice total in-force lapse rates. Another 30 basis points of improved persistency is due to conservation efforts and the remainder largely comes from improved experience. Our total benefit ratio came in lower than expected at 43.5% or 80 basis points lower than Q2 2020, which itself was heavily impacted by the initial pandemic. Lower claims utilization impact our estimates for incurred claims as data matures over the course of a year. As our data matures, we increase our reliance on raw data and with a year of pandemic data behind us, we reduced our IBNR to reflect the lower utilization. This quarter, IBNR releases amounted to 5.6 percentage points impact on the benefit ratio, which leaves an underlying benefit ratio, excluding IBNR releases of 49.1%. We expect the benefit ratio to increase gradually throughout the remainder of the year, with the resumption of normal activity in our communities and by our policyholders. For the full-year, we now expect our benefit ratio to be in the range of 45% to 48% versus our original guidance of 48% to 51%. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 36.9%, up 160 basis points year-over-year, but with a lot of moving parts. Weaker sales performance negatively impacts revenue. However, the impact to our expense ratio is offset by lower DAC and commission expense. Higher advertising spend increased the expense ratio by 60 basis points. Our continued build-out of growth initiatives, group life and disability, network, dental and vision and direct-to-consumer, contributed to a 170 basis point increase to the ratio. These strategic growth investments are largely offset by our efforts to lower core operating expenses as we strive towards being the low-cost producer in the voluntary benefit space. Net-net, despite a lot of moving parts, Q2 expenses are tracking according to plan. In the quarter, we also incurred $5.5 million of integration and transition expenses not included in adjusted earnings associated with recent acquisitions. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 9.9%, mainly driven by favorable variable investment income in the quarter. Profitability in the U.S. segment was very strong, with a pretax margin of 25.4%, with a low benefit ratio as the core driver. With the first half now in the books, we are increasing our pretax margin expectation for the full-year. Initial expectations were for us to be towards the low-end of 16% to 19%. We now expect to end up slightly above the range indicated at FAB. In our Corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $76 million as adjusted net investment income was $45 million lower than last year, due to lower interest rates at the short end of the yield curve and amortization of certain tax credit investments, which amounted to $30 million this quarter held at the corporate level. Under U.S. GAAP, we recognized a negative impact to corporate NII, this is offset by a lower effective tax rate for the enterprise. This result in a level of reported volatility to our Corporate segment, but the economic returns on these investments are above our cost of equity capital. To-date, these investments are performing well and in line with expectations.  Our capital position remains strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR about 900% in Japan and an RBC of approximately 600% in Aflac Columbus. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $4.4 billion, which was $2 billion above our minimum balance, excluding the $400 million proceeds from the sustainability bond that we issued in March that reinforced our ESG initiatives and believe that sustainable investments are also good long-term investments. Leverage, which includes our sustainability bond remains at a comfortable 22.8% in the middle of our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. In the quarter, we repurchased $500 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $223 million, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. And with that, I'll hand it over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. Now we are ready to take your questions. But first, let me ask you to please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. Andrea, we will take our first question, please.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally: Thanks. Good morning. So I wanted to ask about sales, how they trended throughout the quarter. In the first quarter, they improved every month. February was better than January, March was better than February. So interested in how they trended in the second quarter, both in the U.S. and Japan.
Teresa White: Well, the U.S. [indiscernible] Virgil, do you want to speak to the sales trend?
Virgil Miller: Yes. Nigel, this is Virgil Miller. Let me share with you about our sales trends we've seen in the second quarter. First, you heard from Fred say that we are very pleased to install in our group side of the business, we trended positive and favorably once again. We're trending right now about 117% of 2019, looking strong. We're looking good with our buy-to-build platforms. We expected to hit our goals for the end of the year. And then I'll turn to our individual block of the business was really driven by our career channel. We ran into some headwinds, as you can see, with career recruits. Overall, recruiting looks strong though. We surpassed our Q1 numbers with our Q2. We're looking strong with our veteran recruits. One of the things I look at daily is our veterans getting back to business. In Q1, 73%, we were in 2019 level with our veteran average week of producers. In the second quarter, we were at 78%, so showing a favorable increase there, and we're looking for that to increase throughout the second half of the year and have a strong third and fourth quarter. So overall, I would say we're performing just right at plan when it comes to what we're expecting, a little bit behind with the credit channel but exceeding with the group channel.
Daniel Amos: Now, maybe turn to Japan to answer Nigel's question.
Masatoshi Koide: Yes. Masatoshi Koide, Aflac Japan. I will have Mr. Yoshizumi answer that question. But before asking him to answer the question, let me introduce to you who Mr. Yoshizumi is. Mr. Yoshizumi has assumed the position of the Head of Sales and Marketing of Aflac Japan succeeding Mr. Ariyoshi effective July 1. Mr. Yoshizumi has more than 30 years of experience in the life insurance sales. And before joining Aflac in January this year, he had led the Sales Division in Manulife Japan, and then took on the position of the CEO of Manulife Japan. We are very extremely pleased to welcome Mr. Yoshizumi to Aflac Japan Sales and Marketing Division Head, as he has very rich leadership experience as well as very extensive experience in sales in Japanese life insurance industry.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Thank you for the introduction. Really great to talk to you all in the U.S. My name is Yoshizumi. And as Mr. Koide just introduced, I have been appointed to lead the Sales and Marketing Division of Aflac Japan, effective July 1. And before I joined the Aflac, I was the CEO of Manulife Japan. However, most of my experience has been – or the 30 years of my experience has been sales promotion and marketing of life insurance. But the types of channels that I've experienced in sales are captive agents channel, independent agents channel, financial institutions, so all sales distribution channels that exist in Japan have been my experience. And I'm very honored to be able to have this wonderful opportunity to be able to discuss Aflac Japan’s sales with you going forward. And once again, great to be here with you. So now let me start to talk about Aflac Japan’s sales results in the first and the second quarter. And under the current COVID situation, let me first of all touch upon on the new medical product that we launched. This was also discussed earlier. And as discussed, we have achieved 48.1% increase year-on-year. And also under this COVID situation, the online application has become a very popular and become a common means for application. As a result, we have enabled to have very active moves and active activities under the current environment. And that's what was covered by Dan. As he said, we are at about 65% of where we were in 2019. And that's it for me.
Nigel Dally: That's great. Just a follow-up on Japan Post as well, given that they've begun to actively proactive – they've begun proactive sales, any early indications as to how the sales are coming in relative to your expectations? I know you expected to pay some improvement to be gradual but any early color there?
Daniel Amos: At this particular point, it's too early. But again, I wan to reiterate what I said in the first quarter call. Our relationship has never been better with Japan Post. Actually the thing they're dealing with is adjusting from a corrective matters that they took into account due to sales that the new regime has been addressing to now being proactively getting back to the way they were writing business that was properly done. And so it's taking a little bit longer. But all-in-all, as we said in our reports, outlook for both the United States and Japan to see stronger growth in the second half, assuming there isn't some event that takes place with this variant that we're not aware of, but if that happens, everybody is affected with that. So I feel good that you're going to see continued growth more so probably in the fourth quarter than the third. But we don't even know that for sure at this point, but I'm encouraged.
Nigel Dally: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Jamminder Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So first, just had a question on sales as well. And I guess this is built in the U.S. and in Japan. Has the increase that we've seen in cases recently in both markets, and then also in the U.S., we've heard of some companies push back the return to work, have those things affected your views on your sales trends in the second half of the year?
Daniel Amos: Go ahead, Teresa.
Teresa White: We'll start with the U.S. First, I’ll ask Virgil to respond.
Virgil Miller: Yes. We learned throughout the COVID time that large case market specifically around where we sell our group products, that they're more used to it and dealing with brokers used to, we were called self-enrollments and virtual enrollments and online engagements, we really haven't seen much impact there at all. Again, with smaller companies in a small market, really driven by our career channel, we faced some headwinds, like I said earlier around recruiting some of the small businesses not really going face-to-face for 100% of the time. We anticipated that. Rolled our virtual toolsets last year. We're able to – as Dan said in his speech, pretty much serve the customer any way possible. We can do it virtually. We can do it online, or we can meet face-to-face. Now I will tell you this though, I have yet to see that any of our setup enrollments have been changed from a face-to-face yet, we're monitoring that very closely, but right now, we're still able to get face-to-face enrollments, we have them set up.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then in Japan…
Masatoshi Koide: Thank you for the question. Now this is from Japan. So let me answer your question regarding Japan. In Japan, although we have been limiting the number of people, our employees to come onsite under the state of emergency, sales activities are continuing. And the state of emergency declaration in Japan is different from the lockdown situation in the U.S. And the purpose of the state of emergency declaration in Japan is to really control the people's movement from one place to another. As a result, there is really not that much impact to our sales activities during daytime. And the current state of emergency declaration is imposed to just Tokyo and Okinawa. And so, as we do try to prevent being affected, the activities are being done with full prevention nationwide. And the areas outside of the state of emergency declaration are able to do the normal course of sales. And on top of that, we have online consultation and applications that have spread nationwide and these measures have taken root under this kind of environment. We do believe that we can be quite successful in our sales activities.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And if I could just follow-up on recruiting in the U.S., you had pretty strong results this quarter, mostly because of the broker market. On the career side, how was the labor market affecting your ability to sort of recruit and retain agents? And is it getting harder? Not so hard because the services sector seems like it is coming back over all.
Daniel Amos: Can you take that Virgil?
Virgil Miller: It's certainly getting harder. And you can see, we came out strong, coming out of Q4, going into Q1 our pipeline. Now remember, recruiting new agents, we really got to go through a full process, giving them license, having them basically take an exam and certifying them to understand Aflac products, and we were very strong with our pipeline in Q1. We've seen that pipeline begin to slacken slightly in Q2. Again, as we said earlier, though, this is why we made a conscious decision to really recruit brokers, now why brokers, brokers already come to the table with license. They're already familiar with all products. We just really used to get activated in the second half of the year.
Daniel Amos: This is Dan. The one thing I would add is, is that I think the U.S. is doing a very good job of bringing back some of the agents who have been licensed with us have renewals and basically because of COVID have just kind of stopped producing, they've got contests going on with them, they're coming back, they're the soul of the company, and we need to bring them back. And I think we'll be doing that. And I think Virgil is doing a good job with Teresa in terms of pushing that. And Fred has been very instrumental in it too. So I'm thinking that we'll continue to come back, which will reflect in the production. Now, the new recruits, as Virgil mentioned, is harder simply because the labor market, as you can imagine, if you're having trouble with people coming to work based on salary, it's even more difficult with commissions, but all in all, we've got a lot of licensed people out there that we just need to get back. And of course, as you have in higher employment, that gives us an opportunity to enroll people at the work site. So we believe the potential is there and certainly we should see it.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. I want to focus a little more on the claims experience this quarter and kind of how to think about it. Can you just talk about, like, what is the overall level of IBNR reserves that you have not just for COVID, but just the overall piece? Like how big were kind of IBNR reserves in Japan and the U.S. at the end of this quarter compared to maybe a pre-pandemic level, say like, 2Q 2019 or year-end 2019?
Max Broden: Thank you, Humphrey. This is Max. We don't go into exact the total IBNR levels that we hold. But I would say that, generally speaking, throughout the quarter, we did experience a below expected paid claims. In the first quarter, we had increased month-over-month paid claims that came through. Going into the second quarter, that trend more or less fall, and in April, May and June, we sort of leveled out at a level below what we normally would expect to see, and that to some extent together with more raw data used as input into our IBNR models and led to the reserve releases that we saw in this quarter. Going forward, we obviously reserve to the – our best expectation of future claims results.
Humphrey Lee: I guess, maybe just kind of qualitatively, are you still holding more IBNR reserves right now compared to a pre-pandemic level?
Max Broden: No, we have not changed our reserving practices.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. I guess my follow-up was going to kind of stay on that topic. In terms of the lower paid claims, is there any sense that you can help us to think about the actual paid claims in Japan and the U.S.? Where they were in the second quarter versus maybe during the pandemic and how do they compare to like a pre-pandemic level of normal paid claim activities?
Max Broden: Paid claims activity continues to be below our long-term expectations by policy. And the activity is constrained by [simply daily activity] in economies. So given the products that we are selling, the coverage that we are providing to our policyholders is protecting them from different kinds of life events and also, accidents as an example, and with less people out and about to drive and getting into car accidents, less people playing sports getting into sports accidents that drives both lower claims utilization on the accident line or policies, but also in terms of our hospital indemnity product. So I would say that our claims activity is very much driven by mobility or people.
Humphrey Lee: But is there any sense like so, like in sale – when you're talking about sales, you're able to provide like percentage of 2019 levels. Can you do something similar? Like how many – like what percentage of claims, I guess, relative to 2019?
Todd Daniels: Hey, Humphrey. This is Todd. I think if you look at second quarter 2020 and second quarter 2021, paid claim activity was pretty flat, roughly about ¥3 billion lower in 2021. And that's reflective of people having restricted movements and what Max just described. That is below, as he said, our long-term expectation for paid claims.
Teresa White: Then I would say from the U.S. side, consistent with what Max said, it's based on the type of policies that people have. So in general, when you look at our short-term disability policies, you may see higher utilization there, yet, you don't see as high utilization on, for example, on accident policy.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. Fred, are you able to provide any more color on the elderly care products that you're developing and in particular, how it would differ from current medical products that would be purchased by elderly individuals?
Frederick Crawford: Sure. So the care product under development and a couple of things that are very important. One is the product risk involved is not to be confused with what you maybe familiar with relative to U.S. long-term care. And there are some very fundamental reasons for that. This is a supplemental product and its supplements the actual elderly care government support mechanisms. And so it's a very specific supplement to that government platform as opposed to broader universal care medical coverage. And it also is being designed to where payments are more on a lump sum basis for some of the lower levels of assisted care. And then when you move into the more significant levels of assisted care, there's more of a defined annuity type benefit. The reason I described it that way is realize you do not have the escalating benefit structures such as healthcare inflation. You don't have the tail risk, that's assumed with more of a lifetime coverage, if you will, once moving into assisted living. Therefore, you're not building nearly the reserves, and therefore, don't have nearly the interest rate risk as well. So there's several different reasons why this should not be confused, for example, with other types of riskier elderly care support, it really is a supplemental defined mechanism. The other is it plays directly off the qualifications of the government program. And so it has a more narrow definition of what is covered and what is not covered then you might be used to in the U.S. I feel it plays off those definitions. Now, one thing to keep in mind is that this is the third largest third sector platform in Japan. This is not a new area that's newly developed, it's been an existence, but it's a smaller area of product sales. To give you an idea, it's probably roughly a quarter of the size of the medical supplemental industry in Japan. The key, however, is that we expected to grow that with an aging population and what we believe, or at least suspect will be a gradual shifting of burden onto individuals or their families related to elderly care that this will be a building platform over time. And so we want to get in there now. We want to get in there with a competitive product, and we want to leverage off of our third sector prominence. So that is the strategy. We will tell you more about this and build out more around the strategy when we get to our Investor Conference because it will be more developed at that time. But it's clearly something we think could be a difference maker in the future as we move forward.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. I just had one follow-up. Are the current insurance carriers that offer that? Are they mostly, I guess the domestic life insurance in Japan and you just haven't been in the market in the past, and you're now going to enter?
Frederick Crawford: They are. It's a narrower group of players then you will find with traditional first sector and some of the larger categories of third sector, notably medical. But they are largely domestic players. One other aspect of this business that's important to understand is that many of the players that build successful market share in this industry don't just sell the care insurance. They also surround the insurance with other non-insurance services that supplement elderly care. Good example would be things like smart home technology that helps prevent frankly, elderly individuals of going on claim or better managing concierge type service to help the elderly manage the many different moving parts necessary to settle into an assisted living atmosphere. So alongside this product, we're also building within a incubated business, other care like non-insurance services because that is one of the keys to building market share. So it's a larger and more expansive platform if you intend to be a leader in this business, which we do. And again, we'll build more color around that as we go forward.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: We have time for one more question and that question will come from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the opportunity. Can you maybe talk about the market opportunity to do in other states, what you briefly talked about for Connecticut? Thank you.
Frederick Crawford: Sure. This is Fred again. There is about 10 states right now. In fact, Connecticut was the 10th to put together this medical family leave programs in their state. And we do believe that there's the opportunity for this to expand into further states in the future. These require typically fairly expensive legislative activities within each of the states. And because these are programs that cover effectively the employees of all the qualified or opted in employers in the states, it gives you an idea, in Connecticut, we are projecting when you add up the qualified employers who are likely to opt into this program that the coverage may include as much as a bit in excess of 1.5 million potential participants in the state of Connecticut. So this is a substantial platform. But the nature of it and the nature of the program and the fact that it is a state organized benefit program offered up to opted in employees’ means legislative activity typically needs to take place, that takes time. And obviously, it can depend on the political atmosphere and the prioritization dynamics within the state legislators. So right now 10 states, but we believe it will expand. I think a lot of that expansion, frankly, it's going to be based on the success and the receptivity of the programs that are already in place. The good news is that Connecticut is a very important client for us. We were very pleased to be awarded that. It's the capabilities of our acquired business from Zurich that allowed us to bid and be qualified to run that program and we expect to use this as a foothold to entertain additional states.
John Barnidge: That was great, Fred and a follow-up to that. Yes. I know legislative action needs to occur in the remaining 40 states, but is there an opportunity with the other nine states that currently have the program? Thank you.
Frederick Crawford: Interestingly enough, when you look at the other nine states, some of them outsource it like handed out to an outsource provider. Others actually do the service internally. And in fact, Connecticut was originally looking to administer internally and then move to an outside provider for greater efficiencies, quality specialization, et cetera. And so some states do it in-house, some states outsource it. So there's a mix of providers. One thing that's important is you're not taking a risk on this. And so some would consider this a – an extensive PPA platform or administrative-only platform, so you're not really competing on what you would call traditional insurance parameters, you're competing on your ability to administer the technology and service level that you drive to the consumer. So one of the reasons why we like this contract is it really sends a strong statement to the marketplace that if you're an employer, you don't get this kind of contract unless you have premier service capabilities, strong technology and great customer service, without that, you'd never qualify for these programs. And so that's what we're pleased about.
John Barnidge: Thanks. Best of luck in the quarter ahead.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Young for any closing remarks.
David Young: Thank you and thank you all for joining us here today. Looking ahead, we hope you'll join us on November 16 for our 2021 Financial Analyst Briefing. More details will follow. We look forward to speaking with you soon. If you have any additional questions, please follow-up with Investor and Rating Agency Relations. And I wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. 
David Young: Thank you, Parsha, and good morning and welcome to Aflac Incorporated first quarter earnings call. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This morning we will be hearing remarks about the quarter related to our operations in Japan and the United States amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will begin with an overview of our operations in Japan and the U.S.; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the fourth quarter and discuss key initiatives, including how we are navigating the pandemic; Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of first quarter financial results and current capital on liquidity. Members of our U.S. Executive Management team joining us for the Q&A segment of the call are Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, President of Individual and Group Benefits; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing and Koichiro Yoshizumi, Assistant to Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I’ll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David. Good morning and thank you for joining us. At our first quarter conference call one year ago we were facing the early days of the pandemic, at that time I shared with you actions that we had taken to ensure that we protect the employees, the distribution partners, the policy holders and the communities. I'm proud of our response and our ability to handle these challenging times for everyone. Our people first embodies the spirit of corporate culture which we refer to as the Aflac way. Within the pandemic environment we are encouraged by the production of the distribution of the COVID-19 vaccines but we also recognize that vaccination efforts are still in the early stages around the world. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected and we are cautiously optimistic while also remaining diligent. There is one essential message that I continue to emphasize with our management team. It is imperative that we control the factors we have the ability to control, and what we don't have the ability to control, we must monitor continually to be ready to adapt. This approach allows us to respond in the most effective way possible. In the first quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 26.4% while earnings are off to a strong start for the year. It's important to bear in mind that they are largely supported by low benefit ratio associated with the pandemic condition. Before covering our segments I'll make a few comments about the overall perspective.  Pandemic conditions in the first quarter continued to impact our sales results, as well as earn premium and revenues, both in the United States and Japan. We continue to expect these pandemic conditions to remain with us through the first half of 2021, but look for improvement in the second half of the year, as communities and businesses, further open up, allowing more face to face interactions, despite the fact that sales in both the United States and Japan have been suppressed considerably due to the constrained, face to face opportunities. We did not sit still. We continue to make progress in integration of our accelerated investment in our platform while continuing strong earnings performance.  Looking at the operations in Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results with a profit margin of 23.1%, which was above the outlook range that we provided at the Financial Analyst briefing. Aflac Japan also reported strong premium persistency of 95%. Sales were essentially flat for the first quarter, with the January launch of our new medical product, all set by continued impact of the pandemic conditions.  We are encouraged by the reception of the new medical product by both consumers and the Salesforce. In addition, Japan Post group's announcement to resume proactive sales in April, paves the way for gradual improvement in Aflac's Cancer Insurance sales in the second half of the year. We are actively working with Japan Post to ready the platform, recognizing that it will take time to return to the full strength. We continue to navigate evolving pandemic conditions in Japan, including the recent reestablished state of an emergency, for Tokyo, Osaka and two other prefectures affected from April 25th through May 11th. Restrictions will be tightened to curb the movement of people and group activities during the major holiday known as Golden Week.  Turning to the U.S., we saw a strong profit margin of 27.3%, Aflac U.S. also reported very strong premium persistency of 80%. Max will cover the persistency later. Current pandemic conditions continue to notably impact our sales results, largely due to reduced face to face activity.  As expected, we saw modest sequential sales improvement in the quarter with an overall decrease of 22.1%. In the U.S. small businesses are still in the recovery mode, and we expect that they will be that way for most of 2021. At the same time larger businesses remain focused on returning employees to the worksite, rather than modifying the benefits for their employees. We strive to be where the people want to purchase insurance. That applies to both Japan and the United States. In the past, this is meant meeting face to face with individuals to understand their situation, propose the solution, and close the sale. Face to face sales are still the most effective way for us to convey the financial protection only Aflac products provide. However, the pandemic has clearly demonstrated the need for virtual means. In other words, non-face to face sales that help us reach potential customers and provide them with the protection that they need. Even prior to the pandemic we've been working on building our virtual capacities. Given the current backdrop, we have accelerated investments to enhance the tools available to our distribution in both countries, and continue to integrate these investments into our operation.  In addition, we continue to build out the U.S. product portfolio with previously acquired businesses that serve as a base for Aflac Network Dental and Vision and group [indiscernible] management and disability. While these acquisitions have a modest near term impact on the top line, they better position Aflac for future long term success in the United States. Our core earnings drivers, which are persistency, underwriting profits investment income and expense ratios, continue to drive, strong pre-tax margins, both in the United States and in Japan, both Japan and the U.S., we experienced sequential sales growth in the months of January, February and March. In addition, provided we don't experience a setback in terms of pandemic conditions. We're forecasting a sequential increase in absolute sales in the second quarter over the first quarter in both the U.S. and in Japan.  As always we placed significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the U.S. and in Japan, on behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. We remain committed to prudent liquidity and capital management; we issued our first sustainability bond in March, as we seek to allocate proceeds from the issuance, to reinforce our commitment to social and environmental initiatives.  As we balance purpose for profit. We treasure our 38 year track record of dividend growth and remain committed to extending it supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. At the same time, we will continue to tactically repurchase shares focus on integrating the growth investments we've made in our platform. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period, in a continued position of strength, and leadership.  I've always said that the true test of strength is how one handles adversity. This past year confirms what I knew all along, and that is that Aflac is strong, adaptable and resilient. We will continue to work to achieve long term growth, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership. I don't think it's a coincidence that we've achieved success while focusing on doing the right things for the policyholders, the shareholders, the employees, the sales distribution the business partners and the communities. In fact, I believe success and doing the right thing go hand-in-hand. I'm proud of what we've accomplished by balancing purpose with financial results. This has ultimately translated into a strong long-term shareholder value. Now I'll turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I'm going to touch briefly on current pandemic conditions in Japan and the U.S., then focus my comments on efforts to restore our production platform in 2021. Japan has experienced approximately 575,000 COVID cases and 10,000 confirmed deaths since inception of the virus. Through the first quarter of 2021 and since the inception of the virus, Aflac Japan's COVID impact has totaled approximately 10,500 claimants, with incurred claims of JPY 1.9 billion. We continue to experience a low level of paid claims for medical conditions other than COVID, as policyholders refrain from routine hospital visits. . There are essentially 3 areas of focus in building back to prepandemic levels of production in Japan: Our traditional product refreshment activities, online sales driving productivity in the face of pandemic conditions, and active engagement with Japan Post to begin the recovery process in cancer insurance sales. As Dan noted, there has been a positive reception to our revised medical product. This product was designed to better compete in the independent agent channel, where we had seen a decline in market share heading into 2020. Sales of medical insurance are up 34% over the first quarter of 2020 and up 8% over the 2019 quarter. The new product, called Ever Prime, has enhanced benefits that, on average, result in 5% to 10% more premiums per policy versus our old medical product. The product also includes a low claims bonus structure that has contributed to growth among younger demographics. We have technology in place to allow agents to pivot from face-to-face to virtual sales and an entirely digital customer experience. The agent is not removed from the process. The agent can make the sale and process the policy from point of solicitation to point of issuance, entirely online without face-to-face contact.  We introduced this capability in October 2020, and for the month of November, we processed 1,600 applications utilizing this digital experience. In the month of March, that number doubled to approximately 3,200 applications. Not surprisingly, we are seeing higher adoption rates among younger demographics. On March 26, we launched a national advertising campaign promoting the capability and expect to see increased utilization. We see this capability contributing to productivity even after pandemic conditions subside.  On Japan Post, as Dan noted, we anticipate sales volume will recover gradually in the second half of 2021. Separate from Japan Post activities to revive sales, Aflac Japan is actively supporting recovery in the sale of cancer insurance. This includes reinforcing communication on Japan Post sales policy down to the postal branch level, training and education on our latest cancer products and sales proposal strategies, and identifying existing cancer policyholders in the Japan Post system to both explain the benefits of their current products and create an opportunity for potential upgrade. It's important to remember that the Japan Post sales force has been inactive for 18 months. Therefore, product training and sales coaching are critical efforts in the coming months.  Turning to the U.S., there is approximately 32 million COVID-19 cases and 575,000 deaths as reported by the CDC. As of the end of the first quarter, COVID claimants, since inception of the virus, has totaled approximately 38,000, with incurred claims of $130 million. Along with infection rates declining from peak levels in 2020, our data suggests hospitalization rates and days in the hospital have trended lower. However, infection hotspots in areas of the U.S. remain, and as is the case in Japan, there is concern over a potential fourth wave of infection. Executive orders requiring premium grace periods are still in place in 9 states, with 6 states having open-ended expiration dates. Persistency has improved. However, most of that improvement is attributed to the combination of state orders and lower overall sales as we typically experience higher lapse rates in the first year after the sale.  Turning to recovery and restore efforts, we have seen our agent channel and small business benefit franchise hurt by the pandemic. It's important to note that roughly 390,000 of our 420,000 U.S. business clients have less than 100 employees. Critical areas of investment include recruiting, training, technology advancement and product development. Key indicators of recovery include agent and broker recruiting, a build in average weekly producers and traction in the rollout of our dental and vision products.  For the first quarter, we are running at approximately 70% of the average weekly producers during the same period in pre-pandemic 2019. Trends are positive, and we expect to narrow this gap throughout the year, assuming pandemic conditions improve. We are experiencing favorable recruiting numbers, have reopened training centers closed during the pandemic and veteran agents are reengaging after a difficult year.  We are in the early days of our national rollout of Aflac Network Dental and Vision. Our dental product is approved in 43 states, and vision in 41 states, with more states coming online throughout the year. Network Dental and Vision is critical in the small business marketplace and a key component to agent productivity along with new account growth retention and penetration or seeing more employees at a given employer. This month, we are completing the national training programs, making select product refinements and reinforcing incentives to drive new dental accounts. In addition, we are busy upgrading our administrative platforms to ready for increased volumes. 2021 is the year of launch, learn and adjust, and we expect to see our pipeline, close rate and new accounts gradually increasing throughout the year. Our Premier life and disability platform acquired from Zurich is now operating under the Aflac brand. We have started to see our quoted pipeline build in the last 45 days. However, many employee employers are reluctant to move critical benefit plans while sorting through returning to work site and changing workforce dynamics.  In addition, consultants often proceed with caution in a year or so after an acquisition. We need to remain patient over the next few years as we settle into this new line of business. Our competitive calling card is the proven premier service and technology capabilities of the acquired platform, coupled with Aflac Group's core leadership in supplemental work site benefits. We will not resort to winning business via relaxed underwriting and pricing standards in this highly competitive market.  Finally, earlier this year, we launched our new e-commerce direct-to-consumer platform, Aflac Direct. We offer critical illness, accident and cancer and are approved in approximately 30 states with more states and product coming online throughout the year. This platform targets individuals, the self-employed, gig workers and part-time employees. In short, those who are not offered traditional benefit packages at the work site. We are actively building out a licensed agent call center to better manage conversion rates and control overall economics. With a modest amount of committed marketing dollars, we are attracting about 500,000 visitors per month to aflac.com. Which has resulted in 120,000 leads for call center conversion this year. We are currently experiencing a 15% conversion rate once in the call center. This is a data analytics-driven business and core metrics will improve as this model matures.  In terms of the contribution of these businesses to overall sales in 2021, we expect these 3 growth initiatives will make up roughly 10% of sales in 2021 after having contributed less than 5% to 2020 sales. We remain committed to the revenue growth targets discussed at our November investor conference. We expect these initiatives to drive incremental revenue in excess of $1 billion over the next 5 to 7 years. As these separate initiatives mature, they leverage off each other. Network dental and vision drives agent recruitment and conversion to average weekly producers, employer paid benefits drives supplemental work site sales, and direct-to-consumer expands our addressable market while being leveraged to funnel work site leads to our agents in the field.  In the future, as employees leave the work site, a digital relationship directly with Aflac helps with persistency and customer satisfaction. To close out my comments this morning, we continue to advance ESG initiatives in 2021. As Dan noted, we issued our inaugural sustainability bond, raising $400 million to be invested towards our path to net 0 emissions by 2050 and investments that support climate as well as diversity and inclusion efforts. The bond offering itself is an important step in that it requires formal processes around reporting, tracking and auditing of qualified sustainable investments. This rigor serves to benefit the control environment surrounding our enterprise-wide ESG reporting and accountability.  In addition, Aflac Global Investments announced late February, a partnership with Sound Point Capital Management to create a new asset management business focused on the transitional real estate loan market. As part of that alliance, we have made an initial $1.5 billion general account allocation to the newly created Sound Point commercial Real Estate Finance, LLC, with $500 million of that amount dedicated to providing transitional and other debt financing to support economically distressed communities designated as qualified opportunity zones. Aflac will hold a 9.9% minority interest in this newly created investment LLC, with the ability to grow our stake over time in line with future growth of the new venture.  I'll now pass on to Max to discuss our financial performance in more detail. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Fred. Let me follow my comments with a review of our Q1 performance with a focus on how our core capital and earnings drivers have developed. For the first quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 26.4% to $1.53, with a $0.02 positive impact from FX in the quarter. This strong performance for the quarter was largely driven by lower utilization during the pandemic, especially in the U.S. and a lower tax rate compared to last year. Variable investment income $24.5 million above our long-term return expectations. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, grew 20.6%, and the adjusted ROE, excluding the foreign currency impact, was a strong 16.7%, a significant spread to our cost of capital.  Starting with our Japan segment. Total earned premium for the quarter declined 3.6%, reflecting per policies paid up impact while earned premium for our third sector product was down 2.2% as sales were under pressure in 2020. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 68.4% for the quarter, down 100 basis points year-over-year, and the third sector benefit ratio was down -- was 58%, also down 100 basis points year-over-year. We experienced slightly higher than normal IBNR release in our third sector block as experience continues to come in favorable relative to initial. This quarter, it was primarily due to pandemic conditions constraining utilization. Persistency remains strong, with a rate of 95%, up 50 basis points year-over-year. Our expense ratio in Japan was 21.3%, up 130 basis points year-over-year. With improved sales activity, expenses naturally pick up in our technology-related investments into converting Aflac Japan to a paperless company continues, which also includes higher system maintenance expenses.  Adjusted net investment income increased 6.9% in yen terms, primarily driven by favorable returns on our growing private equity portfolio and lower hedge costs, partially offset by lower reinvestment yield on our fixed and floating rate portfolio. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 23.1%, up 60 basis points year-over-year. A very good start to the year.  Turning to the U.S. Net earned premium was down 4.1% due to weaker sales results. Persistency improved 240 basis points to 80%, as our efforts to retain accounts and reduce lapsation show early positive results. As Fred noted, there are still 9 states with premium grace periods in place. So we are monitoring these developments closely. Breaking down the 240 basis points persistency rate improvement further. 70 basis points can be explained by the emergency orders in place, 90 basis points by lower sales as first year lapse rates are roughly twice total in-force lapse rates. And the residual of 80 basis points includes conservation efforts executed on last year. Our total benefit ratio came in much lower than expected. At 39.1%, a full 900 basis points lower than Q1 2020.  In the quarter, we experienced lower paid claims, especially in the month of January. As pandemic conditions impacted behavior of our policyholders. This is in line with disclosures in 2020, indicating a negative correlation between infection levels and claims generating activities like accidents, elective surgeries and physical exams. This low activity level related to non-COVID claims accounted for most of the year-over-year drop in the benefit ratio. Our total incurred COVID-related claims also came in lower than expected due to an IBNR release. We estimated new COVID claims at approximately $42 million, and this was offset by an IBNR release of $41 million. As our experience accumulates, we have refined our assumptions, and this led to this IBNR reserve release. We expect the benefit ratio to increase gradually throughout the remainder of the year, with the resumption of normal activity in our communities and by our policyholders..  For the full year, we now expect our benefit ratio to be towards the lower end or slightly below our guided range of 48% to 51%. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 38.5%, up 10 basis points year-over-year, but with a lot of moving parts. Weaker sales performance negatively impacts revenue, however, the impact to our expense ratio is largely offset by lower DAC expense. Higher advertising spend increased the expense ratio by 70 basis points along with our continued build-out of growth initiatives, group life and disability, network and direct-to-consumer. These contributed to a 110 basis point increase to the ratio. The strategic growth initiative investments are largely offset by our efforts to lower core operating expenses as we strive towards being the low-cost producer in the voluntary benefit space. Net-net, despite a lot of moving parts, Q1 expenses are tracking according to plan.  In the quarter, we also incurred $6 million of integration expenses not included in adjusted earnings associated with recent acquisitions. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was down 0.6% due to a 22 basis points contraction in the portfolio yield year-over-year, partially offset by favorable variable investment income. Profitability in the U.S. segment was very strong, with a pretax margin of 27.3%, with a low benefit ratio as the core driver. With Q1 now in the books, we are increasing our pretax margin expectation for the full year. Initial expectations were for us to be towards the low end of 16% to 19%. We now expect to end up for the full year towards the high end of this range indicated at. In our corporate segment, we recorded a pretax loss of $26 million as adjusted net investment income was $20 million lower than last year, due to lower interest rates at the short end of the yield curve. Other adjusted expenses were $7 million lower as our cost reduction activities are coming through. Our capital position remains strong, and we ended the quarter with an SMR north of 900% in Japan and an RBC of approximately 563% in Aflac Columbus. Unencumbered holding company liquidity stood at $3.9 billion, $1.5 billion above our minimum balance, excluding the $400 million proceeds from the sustainability bond that we issued in March that reinforced our ESG initiatives and believe that sustainable investments are also good long-term investments.  Leverage, which includes the sustainability bond, increased but remains at a comfortable 23% in the middle of our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. In the quarter, we repurchased $650 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $227 million, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital.  And with that, I'll hand it over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. Now we are ready to take your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Pasha, we will now take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: So Max, perhaps we can start on capital management. Capital ratios look very strong. Cash balances, obviously very high. Concerns regarding credit are dissipating. In the quarter, you bought back more stock than expected given that, could we perhaps see some upside to your capital management plans? Or should we view the outside in buybacks this quarter as being a little more tactical in the decision to front-end your annual plans?
Max Broden: So Nigel, obviously, as we travel through the pandemic, we're now moving into more, I would call, normal economic conditions in environment, i.e., less impacted over time by the pandemic. That means that obviously, we gain confidence in how we can deploy capital, and you saw that in the quarter. At the same time, we're not fully out of this yet. And we will continue to look at the -- all the different deployment opportunities that we have. In the quarter, $650 million was a step-up from what we've seen previously, and that reflects our confidence in what we see the franchise driving and coming through over time. And going forward, we will continue to make sure that we hold capital in the right places around the company and deploy capital at favorable IRRs.
Nigel Dally: Great. And just a follow-up on premium persistency as well. In the space where the premium waivers have been lifted. Do you tend to see a spike in lapses? Any color there would be would be interesting. I just wanted to try to get an understanding as to whether there's perhaps a challenge for the remaining states that are yet to lift the executive orders?
Frederick Crawford: Nigel, it's Fred. You do tend to see a bit of a spike in lapse rates when the state orders subside. And we have actually a fairly good amount of historical experience on this, as I might have mentioned in past comments. It's not unusual to have these state mandates put in place during natural disasters and the like. And so we've seen this before. What I would tell you, however, is when it comes to our financials, we try to account for a level of this in the form of do premium allowance, if you will, meaning the idea of what is an uncollectible amount of premium that may be out there embedded in the book of business that are being suspended, if you will, related to the grace periods. So we try to take into account such that when you do see these state mandates lifted, there's not a pronounced impact, if you will, or measurable impact to our actual financials, even though you may see lapse rates move around.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee : I guess my first question is on the U.S. underwriting. So Max, in your prepared remarks, you talked about lower claims incidents in January. Do you -- can you share in terms of like how the number claims submitted in January or in the first quarter in general compared to kind of the second and third quarter of last year?
Max Broden: So I can give you one example. So in the month of January, we had paid claims drop about 28% in the U.S. compared to prepandemic conditions. That's a very significant drop. We saw a significant normalization from that level in the month of February and further normalization in the month of March. This, to a large extent, explains the low benefit ratio in the quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: And you have to think that one of the reasons for it. And of course, no one knows for sure. But if you think back, we had just had the holidays, and we were seeing on the TV constantly by the government, be careful, don't go out, protect yourselves. We're going to have a spike and I think that brought in the lower numbers.
Max Broden: And one thing I would like to add, Humphrey, as well, as we look forward, is that there are certain of our products, you could see an increase in claims being filed as people go back for their physicals, go back for elective surgeries. Even in the line of cancer, we could see a step-up in terms of claims being filed in the future that did not occur during the pandemic. That's why we view the period that we just have been through as abnormal.
Humphrey Lee: Yes. I guess, like the -- I understand people getting reminded during January, but at the same time, I feel like was state kind of opening up in the first quarter compared to where we were in the second or third quarter that the entire country was pretty much fully locked down. I guess I was just a little surprised to see the first quarter results being so much better than second or third quarter when we're kind of deep in the pandemic. So...
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we were, too. I mean, we certainly would have given you closer projections, had we thought that was the case. So we were certainly surprised for January. But I think what Max is also saying is February and March, we're on target.
Max Broden: Our actuaries also remind us constantly that there is a little bit of a lagging environment, and that is there's a bit of a timing gap, as you can imagine, between the actual incident taking place, i.e., going to the doctor and then the filing of the claim. And so you can see some lagging. So we watch the trends and try to embed that in our forecasting as well.
Humphrey Lee: So there wasn't any kind of IBNR reserves for non-cover claims that you both in previous quarter that given the projected incidents never materialized that you had a release. So it's not like that, just simply pure from an incidence perspective?
Max Broden: Yes, there was an element of that coming through as well. That moved our benefit ratio by about 1.5 points down.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan Securities.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question on just your sales in the U.S. and Japan through the quarter. And if you saw a noticeable improvement in March versus what was happening in January? And then relatedly, in Japan, what do you think of the impact of the lockdowns as well as the Olympics coming up and could that affect your sales negatively in late 2Q, early 3Q?
Daniel Amos: Well, I'll start and then turn it over to Japan. But in my talk, I said that we saw improvement with January -- February numbers were better than January, and March numbers were better than February, and we expect the second quarter to be better than the first quarter. And that was true in both countries. So from that standpoint, so let me let or whoever he would like to speak talk specifically about your questions.
Koji Ariyoshi: Yes. This is from Japan. First of all, let me start out with the current situation in Japan, followed by the sales and our business in Japan as well. Well, first of all, as Fred mentioned earlier, the number of infections in Japan is 575,000, and the number of deaths in total is about 10,000. So compared to other countries, this number is much smaller. And this is -- the reason why we have been able to control much of the infection is because of the nature of our citizens that we normally wear masks, and we care very much about our hygiene. And on top of that, instead of taking the risk, people are really worrying about eating and dining outside, and the restaurants are reducing their business hours, and these things have been very effective.  However, even still then, there has been a number of increase of the new infections in Osaka and Tokyo. And as a result, there is a third declaration of emergency, which was issued on April 25.  However, the third emergency declaration in Japan is not a lockdown. It is much more focused measure. And for example, the state of emergency declaration that was issued this time only covers four prefectures, and the period that it covers is up to May 11. So compared with the past state of emergency declarations, it's very much limited in terms of time and location.  However, the government is imposing much stronger restrictions on restaurants and shopping -- large shopping centers that they are asked to shut down their response and shops for the time being. And the vaccination started in April, starting from the elderly population. And since older population accounts for about 30% of the overall population, we are expecting that this will have a positive effect. However, the situation of the pandemic is very fluid. Therefore, we really need to watch out for the variance and the vaccination status going forward as well.  And because of the situation and since the COVID-19 infection is still rising it is very difficult to mention how it is going to be going forward in terms of our projection. But as you can see, as a result of -- in our results of the first quarter, even under the state of emergency declaration, we have been able to promote our medical insurance, and it's been and also because of the extent of the use of online proposals and applications, we haven't been able to mark the same level of performance as this last year.  And even from the second quarter and on, we would like to maintain this positive benefit or positive effect from the medical insurance, and we will also be further expanding the use of online proposals and applications. And on top of that, we would also like to be expanding the enrollment through online for group as well. And furthermore, we would also like to be using direct mails, which will enhance the non face-to-face solicitation. And by doing so, we should be we should be minimizing the impact from COVID-19. And that's all for me.
Max Broden: One thing I would add that's interesting, just to give you some color on the relative nature of the state of emergency. We sell product through what we would call retail shops, about a little over 20 of those shops are actually owned by Aflac and about 380 of those shops are through affiliate ownership, and we'll do about JPY 6 billion a year in a normal year of production through those shops. During the peak of the emergency orders in the pandemic in April of 2020, essentially all 400 of those locations were shut. Today, under the state of emergency issued around the Tokyo and Osaka and Kobe area, 13 of those shops are closed. And so it gives you a little bit of a perspective on the difference between the early days of the pandemic and more severe approach to emergency orders and the current period that's trying to balance productivity and businesses remaining open, while at the same time, exercising caution.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Any comments on how the Olympics would impact?
Max Broden: I'm sorry, Jimmy. Can you ask again?
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. I was just on like on the Olympics, is there going to be an impact on sales from the Olympics, do you think? Or should that not be much of a factor?
Max Broden: Go ahead.
Koji Ariyoshi: This is Koji. We do not think there will be any impact.
Max Broden: Yes. That's essentially what I was going to say is we have not factored in any impact, and so we are not expecting.
Teresa White: I think the second part of that question was from the U.S. perspective. And I'll just mention this, as we see increase in vaccinations in arms and state mandates being lifted we are now starting to see the markets open up. We've also opened up our market offices, sales offices around the U.S. as well. So we're starting to see a lot more activity from a sales perspective. Virgil, did you have anything else you wanted to add to that?
Virgil Miller: No, I'll just reemphasize, Teresa, that as Dan stated and stated earlier, we did see the sequential improvement month-over-month with all sales is really driven by activity of opening up the markets in the offices, along with ensuring that we're continuing to drive our average weaker producers do mine.
Teresa White: That's it from the U.S. side.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Just wanted to follow-up on the U.S. just to get a handle on what you're thinking about earned premium. I guess, particularly the commentary about the small businesses still being in recovery mode, large employers, focusing on returning employees to work rather than modifying benefits. I guess that commentary sounded a bit cautious to me, but how are you thinking about those issues impacting your sales as -- and overall earned premium? It doesn't sound like you're adjusting your 3-year guidance for earned premium of flattish? Is it changing the trajectory of what you expect for '21 versus '22? Just a little more elaboration on those issues?
Max Broden: Will -- go ahead. Well, shorter answer is it's not we -- meaning, we have not adjusted our guidance or even really the path of that guidance, while down for the reasons we've talked about, most notably just simply sales being down. It is actually essentially on plan, meaning it is meeting our expectations and what we thought would take place, Tom. So we're not adjusting any of our thoughts for the roll forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: Because persistency is 80% doing better than we thought.
Max Broden: Yes, it is doing better. And -- but I would say, overall, it's coming in just as we thought might happen.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the benefit ratio. Max, can you give a sense for when you talk about very favorable in January and then gradually elevating, was March back up to around 48%, 49%? Or was it still below that? And is this still the possibility that 2Q is going to trend favorably based on the trend you saw in March?
Max Broden: The total benefits ratio is obviously heavily impacted by quarter end actuarial review studies. But I would say there's just tracking sort of paid claims. We were getting closer to a normal level in the month of March, still not all the way up to what I would say to be prepandemic levels, but we're getting fairly close.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. So slightly favorable, but much closer to that level.
Max Broden: And that is factored into when we then look at our full year benefit ratio, as we sit here today, and we look out for our benefit ratio we obviously incorporate a whole host of different factors when we look at the full year, including the possibility of some pent-up demand in terms of claims being filed as well. I touched earlier on that, including a potential increase in cancer claims. That's factored into our revised guidance of being towards the low end or slightly below the 48% to 51% for the benefit ratio for the full year in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Seller.
John Barnidge: The last time Japan closed proactively selling cancer insurance, the world looked a whole lot different. Can you talk about digital tools? I mean you talked about the new medical product and digital tools that help the distribution there. But can you talk a little bit about the digital tools you're working to bring to Japan post as they work to ramp up proactively starting the product, please?
Koji Ariyoshi: Currently, digital tools are into both medical insurance and health insurance. The younger generation uses more than digital tools, it is being very much used by your people. Regarding the, we are preparing them to start using the digital tools. And we already have a plan to get started with the test marketing in some part of the JV. And the really has an intention that wanting to emphasize using the digital tool. So I'm sure that they will be fully leveraging the digital tools going forward. And that's it for me.
Max Broden: Yes. Even though -- what's interesting is even though sales were somewhat suspended in the system during this period of recovery for Japan post, the alliance never stopped. And that's important to understand. And so other areas of the alliance, including investing in the distribution platform, investing in mutual technology, certain investment in venture-related strategies. The entire governance structure and regular meetings with executive management and with frontline management, none of that was suspended. It kept moving forward. And much of it was designed around advancing technology and advancing process improvement between the two parties, taking advantage of this pause in the action to be ready to come back into market.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ward with UBS.
Michael Ward: I just had a quick question on the idea of delayed cancer screens. I know you've kind of touched on incidents or frequency but I was wondering if you had any updated expectations on the trend in cancer severity once the economy reopens? Just on the idea that delayed screenings are delaying the detection or worsening cancer conditions. And I thought maybe if you had some historical experience managing premium grace periods from natural disasters, maybe you've kind of seen this happen before.
Max Broden: I don't think that we have really gone through such a prolonged time, something like COVID and the type that has had. We saw in the very beginning of COVID that cancer screenings dropped significantly. That then started to normalize. So it's still sort of difficult to fully sort of see or have a clear expectation of it, what the impacts may or may not be. We are trying to be conservative in the estimates that we have and our expectations for what the different outcomes could be in general. I would also remind you that generally, severity does have a little bit of an impact on our claims, but it's relatively small. We're -- primarily frequencies really what drives our benefit ratio.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I had a follow-up on the Japan post. Can you just give any -- I know it's early and there's a lot of uncertainty, but can you give any sense of, at least directionally, how meaningful you think their sales could be this year? And maybe how many years it might take for them to rebuild back to prior levels?
Daniel Amos: Yes. I think it's too early for us to tell. But what I would, Fred mentioned this, but I want to reinforce it, is we've got as good a relationship with the new management team as we had, if not better, with the old management team and being large shareholders that they are. They're also very interested and their stock and what they've invested in. And so it's a win-win opportunity. And I think it will be coming back but when you -- we're in uncharted waters with all of this COVID stuff. And so it's hard for us to go out when we don't know about it as well. But look, this is not in any projections, but my gut just tells me, and it's just mind. So for what it's worth, but that it's going to do very well, and it's going to be a little slow in the second quarter. And then they're going to ramp it up.  The one thing I've seen with the Japanese over the years is they tend to analyze, reanalyze, reanalyze again and then all of a sudden move at once. So you don't -- in the U.S., we kind of ease into it, add a little more, add a little more and then it builds. If you take both groups at the starting line, the U.S. will always take off first. But at some point, halfway through that, Japan will all of a sudden decide, we're ready to go. And they will boil out and then all of a sudden go to that point. I believe we're in that stage right now. I believe that will go through the first quarter. But I think by the end of the year, you're going to see them coming back and pulling out. Aflac Japan is a little bit more reluctant than to say all of that. So I am not speaking on their behalf, but I've been doing this for 31 years. And I just have a real good feeling that also Japan post wants to make money, and they need to do those things. And Aflac's products with cancer insurance are something that consumer wants and needs. So when you add that to it, I would say there's a good chance.  Now the downside is, something goes wrong with the -- with COVID or something like that. But that's not limited to us. That happens every business out there today. So I'm sure you take that into account. But if you exclude that, I feel pretty good about what's going to be taking place.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Alex on calling in on behalf of Greg Peters. Maybe just one question on the Japan paperless initiative. Just curious if the adoption of digital has any acceleration of that initiative? And as well as are there any other social and environmental initiatives that you're pursuing related to the $400 million bond?
Max Broden: I think in terms of the Japan paperless initiative, it's on track. It's moving well. As you might recall, it's a JPY 10 billion, roughly 2.5-year investment. And I would say we're probably in the range of JPY 3 billion, perhaps approaching JPY 4 billion of investment to date. It's designed to take about 80 million pieces of paper out of the system. And it's largely oriented around our policyholder services platform, where when the application starts in a paper form, it remains in a paper form through the processing environment. And so we're looking to get that out of the system, and that benefits cost structure. It benefits business recovery because you can move information around the country of Japan, which can be prone to natural disaster, as you know, and so -- and then also finally has environmental benefits, of course. And so that's a big initiative. We expect to save about JPY 3 billion a year in the way of expenses, and it remains on track, and it is closely tied to the digitization of the platform. It's essentially one and the same. It's one of the major efforts, if you will, that's involved in overall digitization of the platform.  In terms of the $400 million sustainability bond, yes, we have very well-articulated and dedicated plans for the investment of those funds. They largely surround classic sustainability investments, meaning climate, climate-related renewable energy investments. They also include, among other things, investments in opportunity zones in areas that suffer from a lack of income equality. And so those are largely the areas that we're targeting. And as you may know, in the sustainability bond, so-called green bond, et cetera, marketplace. There's very strict and well-defined requirements around what you invest in, the qualification of those investments, the tracking of those investments and the yielding of benefits from those investments. And so while it's a $400 million bond, my point in my comments was it's a much bigger effort for the company because it serves to set the entire structure up for broader-based investment, far greater than $400 million over time, particularly the utilization of our general account on ESG efforts.
Unidentified Company Representative: And we would expect to earn favorable risk-adjusted returns on these investments.
Daniel Amos: Thank you, and I believe that wraps up our call. I want to thank everyone for joining us. Today, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the investor and rating agency Relations teams, and I look forward to seeing you soon, hopefully, and also talking to you in the near future. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Aflac Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, David Young, Vice President Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Young.
David Young: Thank you, Carol, and good morning and welcome to Aflac Incorporated fourth quarter earnings call. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This morning we will be hearing remarks about the quarter and the year related to our operations in Japan and the United States amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will begin with an overview of our operations in Japan and the U.S.; Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the fourth quarter and discuss key initiatives, including how we are navigating the pandemic; Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of fourth quarter financial results and current capital on liquidity. Members of our U.S. Executive Management team joining us for the Q&A segment of the call are Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Virgil Miller, President of Individual Benefits; Rich Williams, President of Group Benefits; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I’ll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. At this time last year, it would have been very difficult to foresee the gravity of what was soon to unfold for society and for the company due to COVID-19. I’m proud of our employees, our sales distribution and Board of Directors for their decisive people first initiatives, we spearheaded early on in both the United States and Japan to protect our workforce and to be here for our policyholders throughout this trying time. We were able to reinforce our financial strength in operations as well as our distribution franchise with digital and virtual investments through the position of our company for the future growth. Adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of foreign exchange increased 10.8% in 2020. While benefiting from a lower effective tax rate, we were pleased with the results when you consider the pandemic pressure on revenues, accelerated investment in our core technological platforms and the initiatives to drive future earned premium growth and efficiency. Investing in growth and innovation will continue to be critical strategic focus this year. There is one central message that I’ve been emphasizing with our management team. It is imperative that we control the factors we have the ability to control. And what we don’t have control over, we must monitor continually to be ready to adapt. Despite the facts that sales in both U.S. and Japan have been suppressed considerably due to the constraints of face-to-face opportunities, we did not sit still. We maintained forward motion as we absorbed accelerated investment in our platform, while continuing strong earnings performance. In 2020, Aflac Japan generated solid overall financial results with a stable profit margin of 21.2%, an extremely strong premium persistency of 95.1%. The relaunch of our new Cancer Rider drove a sequential improvement in both cancer insurance and total sales in the fourth quarter. As a result, total sales were down 22.2% for the quarter and 36.2% for the year. In Japan, we introduced our new medical product in January and even up against difficult comparisons of last January, that were pre-COVID sales, it is a positive launch exceeding our expectations. We are encouraged by the reception of both the consumers and our sales force. While these sales results represent sequential improvements relative to last quarter, the effective reduced face-to-face activity are evident, and we continue to promote virtual sales. Our goal in Japan is to be the leading company for living in your own way. This is a declaration of how we tailor our products to fit the needs of customers during the different stages of their lives and reach them where they want to buy through agencies, strategic alliance and banks. Now turning to Aflac U.S., we saw a stable profit margin of 19.3%, amid a year of intense investments in the future of our business and the global pandemic conditions. However, this backdrop continues to noticeably impact our sales results in this segment as well, largely due to reduced face-to-face activity. As expected, we saw modest sequential sales improvement in the quarter with a decrease of 27.2% for the quarter and 30.3% for the year. In the U.S., we continue to feel the impact of limited access at the worksite, especially among our career agents, who have historically relied upon face-to-face meetings to engage small business owners and their employees. However, we remain cautiously optimistic for continued modest sequential sales improvement contingent upon the face of the economic recovery and as a result expect to see a brighter second half of 2021. Fred is responsible for acquisitions and he will cover that shortly. But while these acquisitions may not have an immediate effect on the top line, they better position Aflac for future long-term sales in the United States. As part of the Vision 2025 in the U.S., we seek to further develop a world where people are better prepared for unexpected health expenses. The need for the products we offer is a strong or stronger than ever has been. And at the same time, we know consumer habits and buying preferences have been evolving, and we are looking to reach them in ways other than the traditional media and the outside the worksite. This is part of the strategy to increase access, penetration and retention. Even while working remotely for the greater part of the year, we remain true to our culture and identity as a socially responsible company. We stepped up our engagement with our employees through virtual town meetings and weekly touch-base letters. Additionally, diversity continues to play an important role at Aflac as it has for decades. I have always believed that in order to accomplish our goals and serve the community where we have a presence, we must surround ourselves with a group of people, who bring different perspectives to the table. We have done that for years. At the end of 2020, nearly 50% of Aflac’s U.S. employees were minorities, 66% were women, 23% of our U.S. senior officers were minorities, and 30% were women. And then when you think of Aflac’s Board of Directors, 36% were minorities and 36% were women. Diversity has always played an important role within ESG, and we have Fred with executive oversight of our ESG efforts. He will provide greater detail on our 2021 key objectives. I’ve always said that the true test of strength is how one handles adversity. While pandemic conditions are ongoing, I’m pleased that 2020 confirmed what we knew all along and that is that Aflac is strong, adaptable and resilient. We strive to be where people want to purchase insurance that applies to both Japan and the United States. In the past, this has been meeting face-to-face with individuals to understand their situation, propose a solution and close the sale. However, the pandemic clearly demonstrates the need for virtual means, in other words, non face-to-face sales, to reach potential customers and provide them with the protection that they need. Therefore, we have accelerated investments to enhance the tools available for our distribution in both countries. Related to capital deployment, we placed significant importance on continuing to achieve strong capital ratios in the United States and Japan on behalf of our policyholders and shareholders. When it comes to capital deployment, we pursue value creation through a balance of actions including– excuse me, growth investments, stable dividend growth and disciplined tactical stock repurchase. It goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth. The fourth quarter’s declaration marked the 38th consecutive year of dividend increases. Additionally, the board approved our first quarter dividend increase of 17.9%. Our dividend track record is supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. At the same time, we remain tactical in our approach to share repurchase, buying back $1.5 billion of our shares in 2020. We have also focused on integrating the growth investments we have made in our platform. As always, we are working to achieve our earnings per share objectives, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period in a continued position of strength and leadership. I don’t think it’s coincidental that we’ve achieved our success while focusing on doing the right things for our policyholders, shareholders, employees, distribution channel, business partners, and communities. In fact, I believe that go hand-in-hand. I’m proud of what we have accomplished in terms of both our social purpose and financial results, which have ultimately translated into strong long-term shareholder return. Now, let me turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I’m going to touch briefly on conditions in the fourth quarter with respect to the pandemic. I’ll then provide an update on key initiatives in Japan and the U.S. Japan has experienced approximately 400,000 COVID-19 cases and 6,000 confirmed deaths since inception of the virus. While quite low as compared to other developed countries and the U.S., these statistics have more than doubled since the end of the third quarter. Earlier this week, the government of Japan extended their state of emergency for Tokyo and nine other prefectures through March 7. This action includes the suspension of domestic tourism campaign and entry of foreigners into Japan. We have responded with again moving more of our workforce to working from home unlike the state of emergency declared last year in the initial stages of the virus, government restrictions are more balanced with economic recovery considerations, and we have not prohibited face-to-face consultations and/or closed our sales shops. Meanwhile, Prime Minister, Suga, has announced a goal of beginning vaccinations mid-February. Through the fourth quarter, Aflac Japan’s COVID-19 impact totaled approximately 3,400 unique claimants with incurred claims totaling JPY1 billion. We continue to experience a significant reduction in paid claims for medical conditions other than COVID-19 as Japan manages hospital capacity and discourages more routine visits. Despite the recent rise in infection rates in Japan, we continue to track well below our stress assumptions. As Dan outlined, sales have clearly been impacted, but when looking at policies in force, the impact of reduced sales on earned premium has largely been offset by improved persistency with the reduction in reported revenue driven primarily by paid-up policies. Finally, pandemic related expenses in the quarter totaled JPY1.8 billion, which includes the rollout of virtual distribution tools, employee teleworking equipment and distribution support. Turning to the U.S., there are nearly 27 million COVID-19 cases and over 450,000 deaths as reported by the CDC. For Aflac U.S., in 2020, COVID-19 claimants totaled 23,000 with incurred claims of approximately 71 million in the quarter and 128 million for all of 2020. We are now in a better position to back test the correlation of U.S. rates of infection to paid claims in order to build an estimate for incurred claim reserves. It’s fair to say this is still very difficult to estimate as IBNR often works from years of reliable data to establish trends. While our reserves assume elevated claims, we continue to see the length of stay in hospital and transition to ICU traveling below our expectations. We have seen limited impact to our reported persistency numbers. However, we believe this is in part attributed to the combination of reduced sales, where lapse rates tend to be much higher in the first year and the State Executive orders requiring premium grace periods. Executive orders are still in place in 11 states as of the end of the quarter with five states having open-ended expiration dates. We have reduced pressure on lapse rates through proactive work with our policyholders, including converting from payroll, deduction to direct bill, and encouraging a review of wellness benefits. Turning to key operating initiatives, 2020 was an important year in setting the stage for growth once we move clear of pandemic conditions. Beginning with Japan, after launching and promoting a simplified Cancer Rider in the fourth quarter, we successfully launched our refreshed medical product called EVER Prime in January. As Dan noted in his comments, it’s early and our associate channel is having to navigate pandemic conditions, but January medical sales are promising. Introduced in October of 2020, we have technology in place to allow agents to pivot from face-to-face to virtual sales and an entirely digital customer experience. True virtual sales in Japan is relatively limited. In addition, the majority of applications are still filed in paper form although digital applications have been adopted in face-to-face consultations. Excluding traditional non face-to-face means of distributing products like worksite, direct mail and call center sales, we estimate only 2% to 3% of our sales are currently digital end-to-end. However, we understand some of our agencies has significantly adopted virtual tools to supplement face-to-face consultations. We have discussed our paperless initiative across all operations in Japan. This is JPY10 billion investment with approximately JPY2.8 billion spent in the fourth quarter and JPY4.8 billion spent in 2020. We are projecting another JPY4.3 billion in spend planned for 2021. This investment has a three-year payback and will reduce the production and circulation of over 80 million pieces of paper per year. In summary, we expect the combination of product development, improved pandemic conditions and the return of Japan Post to distributing Aflac cancer insurance will drive growth as we look towards the second half of 2021. Turning to the U.S., we focused our efforts in 2020 on setting the table for 2021, including a national launch of network dental and vision, completing our Group Benefits acquisition and standing up our new direct-to-consumer digital platform. On the operation side, we rolled out a new and upgraded enrollment platform called Everwell 2.0 in September, which requires time for full adoption and stabilizing the platform, 2020 was an important year to introduce digital tools, increase adoption rates, and take on any corrective action before 2021. In addition, under Teresa White’s leadership, we have reorganized the U.S. forming Group Benefits in individual division. Rich Williams will now lead our Group Benefits division, which includes Aflac Voluntary Group, Aflac Network Dental and Vision, Argus our Dental TPA and our new Aflac Premier Life Absence Management and Disability business. Virgil Miller will lead our Individual Benefits Division, which includes Aflac’s individually issued and small business focused worksite products and our new consumer markets business targeting workers not at the traditional worksite. Both divisions pull from shared service U.S. operating platforms. This new alignment provides focus for each division within the U.S. business segments and allows Aflac to offer tailored products and services for our career agency teams and broker partners based on the unique markets they serve. Like Japan, we have all the tools in place for agents to conduct business without a face-to-face meeting. However, most sales are being driven on a continuum of face-to-face and digital interaction. We estimate about 15% of our traditional individual sales are completed without some form of face-to-face interaction. This excludes digital direct-to-consumer, which is naturally non-face-to-face. Turning to more specifics on our key growth initiatives, on January 12 we announced the national rollout of Aflac Dental and Vision. Our dental and vision products are now available in 40 states with more coming online throughout the year. This is a broad launch that is available to large and small companies and distributed through agents and brokers. In November, we closed down our Zurich Group Benefits acquisition, the new platform managed to contribute to sales in the quarter, with 5 million in production. This is more of a turnkey launch meaning products are filed and we are open for business in 2021 under the Aflac brand. Finally, we officially launched our new digital direct-to-consumer platform in the first week of January. We offer critical illness, accident and cancer, and are approved to sell all three products in approximately 30 States with more states and products coming online throughout the year. As highlighted during our investor conference, we are addressing expenses over two horizons. In 2020, we took actions to realize approximately 100 million of annualized run rate expense savings on a go-forward basis. Actions included restricting hiring, rationalizing distribution expenses and a voluntary separation plan that resulted in a 9% reduction to our U.S. workforce. Longer-term expense initiatives center on our group division and the migration onto a new administrative platform as well as inauguration of the Zurich Group Benefits business. As you are all aware, we have adopted a conservative buy-to-build acquisition strategy. The build efforts taken together impacted our expense ratio in the fourth quarter by 160 basis points, and is expected to impact the 2021 ratio by approximately 180 basis points. Our global investments team remains focused on asset quality, monitoring economic conditions, and sourcing new investment opportunities. Portfolio actions prior to and in the early days of the pandemic, lowered our exposure to prolonged economic weakness, and we ended 2020 with a modest amount of asset losses. We continue to watch closely our middle market loan and traditional real estate, transitional real estate portfolios, while we have seen ratings downgrades, our portfolios are resilient consisting of diversified first-lien loans, conservatively underwritten to high-quality borrowers. We have further refined our approach to managing the unhedged dollars in Japan, both lowering our hedge ratio and maintaining our out-of-the-money protection for extreme moves in foreign exchange. These unhedged dollars provide diversification and income benefits as well as lowering our enterprise exposure to the yen. As has been our practice, for 2021, we have locked in lower hedge costs with floating rate loan yields benefiting from LIBOR floors. Finally, we are pleased with the performance of our strategic investment and alliance with Varagon Capital Partners during 2020 contributing to corporate investment income. We are working to establish similar strategic alliances that leverage the capabilities of our asset management subsidiary and further the performance of our insurance segments. As commented on by Dan, we have refocused our efforts in key areas to drive tangible ESG initiatives in 2021. We are focused on the following. Building off our published ESG investment policy, Aflac Global Investments is advancing a responsible investing framework that includes the establishment of a core ESG team and formal governance process. We initiated work with third-party experts to measure, draft, and eventually disclose a formal plan to be carbon-neutral on or before 2040 and carbon net-zero emissions on or before 2050. We pledged to continue hitting key milestones on our important women in leadership initiative as part of a diversity and inclusion in Japan and targeting 30% of leadership positions in Japan filled by women by 2025. In the U.S., we seek to advance our already strong diversity statistics by broadening our influence through identifying and providing capital to organizations that advance diversity and inclusion as well as social justice and economic mobility. Finally, we pledged to advance reporting and disclosure framework in compliance with SASB and TCFD reporting standards. We’ll provide further disclosures on ESG initiatives in our proxy material and on our ESG Hub, esg.aflac.com. Wrapping up my comments, we believe the investments made in the past two years and accelerated during the pandemic, position us for future growth and efficiency in the face of what we believe to be temporary weakness in sales and earned premium. I’ll now pass on to Max to discuss financial performance in more detail. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Fred. We finished the year with stable fourth quarter earnings in a year marked by significant mortality and morbidity events, as well as continued low interest rates. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share increased 3.9% to $1.07, and the full year EPS was a record $4.96, up 11.7% year-over-year. Adjusted book value per share including foreign currency translation gains and losses grew 19.1% both for the quarter and full year. The adjusted ROE excluding the foreign currency impact was 12.1% in the fourth quarter and a respectable 15.1% for the full year, a material spread to our cost of capital. This quarter benefited from favorable marks on our alternative investment portfolio to the amount of $47 million pre-tax above our long-term return expectations, a very good outcome on our building alternatives portfolio. We also booked the severance charge associated with our previously announced voluntary separation program or VSP, in our U.S. and corporate segments, totaling pre-tax $43 million, included in adjusted earnings. Turning to our Japan segment, total earned premium for the quarter declined 3.5%, reflecting mainly first sector policies paid-up impacts, while earned premium for our third sector products was down 1.9%. For the full year, total earned premium was down 2.8%, while totaling policies in force declined by a lesser rate at 1.2%. As policies in force are not impacted by the paid-up status, it tends to serve as a better indicator of the growth of the underlying business. Persistency has been on a positive trajectory inched up slightly sequentially to 95.1%, up 70 basis points year-over-year. Japan’s total benefit ratio came in at 68.9% for the quarter, down 110 basis points year-over-year. And the third sector benefit ratio was 58.6%, down 150 basis points year-over-year. The main driver for the lower benefit ratio was a higher than normal IBNR release due to a sustained lower paid claims environment in 2020. We estimate that this lowered the benefit ratio by roughly 130 basis points compared to what we would deem a normal IBNR release to be. For the full year, the reported total benefit ratio was 69.9%, up 40 basis points year-over-year. And our third sector benefit ratio was 59.7%, also up 40 basis points year-over-year, largely due to improved persistency. The expense ratio in Japan was 23%, up 130 basis points year-over-year. The main driver was our paperless initiative, which kicked in at a higher gear as we digitize our operations and drive efficiencies throughout the value chain to a future state with significantly reduced paper usage. This investment increases our quarterly expense ratio by 85 basis points. For the quarter, adjusted net investment income increased 11.9% in yen terms, led by strong returns in our alternatives portfolio, but also strong results from the loan book like transactional real estate and middle market loans. For the full year, adjusted net investment income rose 4.4%. The pre-tax margin in the quarter was 20.9%, up 110 basis points year-over-year, as the combined effect from the lower benefit ratio and higher expense ratio was still positive. For the full year, the pre-tax margin was a respectable 21.2%. Turning to U.S. results, earned premium was down 2.3% for the quarter, due to weaker sales results. Persistency improved 160 basis points to 79.3%. This was driven by emergency orders in various states and by lower sales in 2020, as new policies lapsed at a higher rate than in force policies older than one year. Removing these factors would result in a stable year-over-year persistency rate. And we view that as a good outcome to date, given a pandemic environment impact on our policyholders and reflecting our efforts to retain accounts and keep premium in force. For the full year, earned premium was down 0.9%. Our total benefit ratio came in at 51.6%, which was 250 basis points higher than Q4 2019. Pandemic conditions continue to be very relevant when analyzing our benefit ratio. Due to the recent increase in infection rates, we estimate incurred claims impact of $72 million of which $58 million was an increase to IBNR, resulting in an impact to the benefit ratio of 5.1 percentage points from COVID related claims. This is somewhat offset by favorable non-COVID related claims activity, generating an underlying benefit ratio of 46.5%. COVID and non-COVID related claims tend to have a negative correlation, which clearly can be seen in our quarterly results throughout 2020. We would expect this pattern to continue in early 2021. Going forward we still expect the guided range of FAB of 48% to 51% to be a reasonable future benefit ratio. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 43.5%, up 360 basis points year-over-year. The severance charge for our VSP explains 220 basis points of the rise, while the residual is primarily driven by digital investments and the reduction in revenues. The full year expense ratio landed at 38.6%. Adjusted net investment income in the U.S. was up 1.1% due to strong alternative investment income, while the portfolio book yield contracted 22 basis points year-over-year. Full year adjusted net investment income declined 2.1%. As both the benefit and expense ratio rose, profitability did come under pressure with a pre-tax margin of 11.6% in the quarter. For the full year, we still reported a solid pre-tax margin of 19.3% in line with recent historical average. In our Corporate segment, the pre-tax loss widened to $47 million in the quarter compared to $9 million from a year-ago. Lower net investment income on our short duration Hold Co. cash position, increased retirement expenses and $8 million of VSP severance expense were the main components of the delta. For the full year, the Corporate segment pre-tax loss was $115 million. Our capital position remains strong and stable. We ended the quarter with an SMR of north of 900% in Japan and an RBC of approximately 525% in Aflac Columbus. Holding company liquidity stood at $4 billion, $2 billion above our minimum balance. With a leverage of 23%, we continue to travel in the middle of our stated leverage range of 20% to 25% offering ample debt capacity. The continued spread of COVID-19 leads us to remain cautious in how we manage our capital base, make investments, and deploy capital to the benefit of the shareholder. In the quarter, we repurchased $500 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $196 million, offering good relative IRR on these capital deployments. For the full year, we paid $798 million of dividends and returned an additional $1.5 billion to shareholders in a formal share repurchases. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive strong risk-adjusted ROE with meaningful spread to our cost of capital. A recent example is the board’s decision to increase the quarterly dividend by 17.9% to $0.33 per share. Before going into Q&A, I would characterize our 2020 financial performance as solid, despite significant external challenges. As we look forward into 2021, we do not see any fundamental drivers causing us to change the outlook provided at our financial analyst briefing in November. In order to achieve these objectives, we remain laser-focused on executing on our growth initiatives, expense efficiency and continue to drive ROE at the significant spread to our cost of capital. With that, let me turn over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. Now, we are ready to take your questions. But first, let me ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and then one related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. Carol, we will now take the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thanks and good morning. Wanted to ask about Japan sales. You mentioned the new medical product had exceeded initial expectations. Can you elaborate somewhat on that? And how sustainable should that improve demand base, more just a first quarter phenomena or should we expect that group momentum to continue into the second quarter and perhaps move on?
Dan Amos: This is Dan, and I’m going to let Japan. But let me just say that it tracked to me more of what other products in past introductions have done. It’s really too early to tell. It’s really only been out two weeks. So to go ahead forecast on two weeks, it’s a little too early to tell, but I am certainly optimistic that the field force or our agents are excited about it and the consumer seem to be excited about it, which means it’s a good product at a good time to be introducing. Of course, we’ll know much more details next quarter, but I would expect it to have the same pattern that we’ve seen with past introductions. Koji?
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] And this new medical product is being very much well taken by the agencies because of the new coverage and the functions that we offer. [Foreign Language] And this product also is designed to be able to be sold through the non-exclusive agencies and be competitive in that market as well. [Foreign Language] So we are expecting that the sale of this product will increase in a non-exclusive market as we have taken a product strategy with more competitive advantage with this product. [Foreign Language] So we do believe that this product will last for a long time as this product will be very popular among younger generation as well. [Foreign Language] And although it only has been two weeks since the launch of the product, the actual number of new insurance policies coming in are increasing and at the same time a pay per policy is also on the increase. [Foreign Language] I think we have been able to get a much better start this time under the current environment compared with the medical product that we launched in 2019 as Rider. [Foreign Language] And we are expecting to see improvements in sales this quarter much more and we have seen some improvements in the fourth quarter last year as well, but we were planning to have more improved this quarter. [Foreign Language] And that’s all for me.
Nigel Dally: That’s great. That’s very helpful. The second question is just on U.S. sales, understand broker-driven sales are holding in better than agency sales. Is it possible to get some quantification behind how much better I think with brokeraging group becoming much larger part of the strategy and business would find it helpful to understand how sales are trending along distribution lines.
Dan Amos: I think it’s probably best for Teresa and Rich to handle the aperture. The premise of your question is correct. Broker group driven sales will hold up better under this environment than agent-driven small business sales for sure. So Teresa and Rich.
Teresa White: Well, I’ll let Rich answer, but I’ll just make the comment that, yes, the broker sales are traditionally a lot more automated. We have a lot more digital presence in the broker environment just from the beginning. But I’ll let Rich response.
Rich Williams: Thank you, Teresa. As Dan alluded to in his comments, we’ve seen reduced face-to-face activity, which certainly impacts agency sales. And then from a broker sales perspective, given that they tend to work with larger accounts, they are less dependent on face-to-face activity. And as a result in particular with our group business, our group business saw results in the single-digit decline whereas our traditional businesses saw it at a larger decline. But all those comments between Teresa, Fred and myself, I think, kind of speak to the question.
Nigel Dally: That’s great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Yes. Thank you very much. I saw a headline the other day that Japan had banned chanting and required masks in the preparation to try and host the 2021 Olympics. Assuming that were to go through, I know previously you talked about joint marketing and product campaigns with Japan Post. Is there a possibility of some increased marketing expenses in the mid-year?
Dan Amos: Koji? Yes, we’ll have Koji or Koide-san address that. I would tell you that if what your question is, do you expect to build some form of marketing campaign surrounding the Olympics that is not in the plans and not normally what we would do. What we are doing, however, is building marketing campaigns around the launch of our new products and particularly taking advantage of a heightened awareness for supplemental health products in the COVID environment. So Koji and Koide-san, you can address it with more detail.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] And this is Koide from Japan. And we are not planning on having any particular campaign around the Olympics.
Fred Crawford: John, I don’t know if that’s a correct thing you’re–
John Barnidge: Yes, Fred, it addressed, thank you very much. And then the follow-up, the wellness program you’ve started in 3Q 2020, is that still in play, because I think last time you said it would carry over a little bit? And how should we think about cost of that?
Fred Crawford: Yes, it is still in play in the sense that there’s sort of a – I’ll call it a tail to, if you will. In other words, we did the mailings. We saw, as you recall from last quarter, a spike in some of the wellness claims which will be flaunt, we hadn’t anticipate because we believe the payoff of that is not only persistency, but also being able to come back into companies. Let me explain that for a second. A lot of what our agents will do with their business clients is they will phone them up and say, based on our analysis you’ve got a certain number of employees that have wellness benefits. And we can help with understanding whether they are fully utilizing those wellness benefits to get money back in their pockets. As you can imagine, particularly as a small employer that’s an attractive proposition these days to get money in the pockets of your employees. And so that ends up lead or leading us into the account to talk about future enrollments and cross-selling and up-selling et cetera. And so that has been fairly successful. So it’s a very important piece of our product features and one that we would continue. If what you’re asking is what are we looking at in terms of ongoing, perhaps elevated claims related to wellness, that’s factored into some of our IBNR estimates, for example, where we’ll set up those types of reserves in anticipation of a trend line of wellness claims. And so at the moment, I’ll ask Max to give color, but I don’t anticipate that being a mover for our benefit ratio.
Max Broden: That’s right, Fred. And John, as you remember, we did a – we had a campaign in the third quarter and obviously we had the impact on our benefit ratio in the U.S. in the third quarter both from paid claims, but also that we established an IBNR associated with that wellness campaign. As you now look at the impact on the fourth quarter, you did not really see any impact follow through into the fourth quarter because of the IBNR that we established in the third quarter. Going forward, we would expect these to be more normal activity for us. There may be instances with any significant campaigns that could trigger an increase in claims temporarily, but generally be relatively small. But if you refer specifically to the campaign, the big campaign we had in the third quarter, that hit the benefit ratio in the third quarter and we didn’t really have much of a follow through into the fourth quarter.
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to go to the Japan benefit ratio. I think you said that some of the improvement or the lower than expected result or better than expected result was due to reserve releases. How are you guys planning for benefit ratios as you think about a world where the economy opens up again? And maybe we see the more people in Japan going to hospitals versus what we’re seeing right now, which I understand is a sort of subdued level of activity.
Max Broden: Let me kick it off at a high level. And I have Todd to fill in the blanks as well. Specifically for the fourth quarter, we had an reserve release all of about JPY 7 billion that is higher than we would normally incur in a quarter. We estimate that lowered the benefit ratio by about a 130 basis points in the quarter. And this is because of the paid claims pattern that we’re seeing primarily to the non-COVID-related claims activity as – that Fred referred to in his prepared remarks. Going forward, you could obviously see an impact on the benefits ratio temporarily from an element of the sort of pent-up demand for hospitalizations, like elective surgery, physicals, et cetera. I think that’s much more the case in the U.S. than in Japan, where the Japan hospital system have been running at a more normal level than what we’ve seen here in the U.S. So you could see a little bit of a higher benefit ratio from that, but this has been taken into consideration when we gave you the benefit ratio range at FAB of 68.5% to 71% in our outlook. So I’ll leave it at that and Todd, please feel free to give some additional comments.
Todd Daniels: No, Max. I think you’re right, especially if you think about our hospitalizations as it relates to accident hospitalizations, they won’t come back, accidents that have happened and you’ve recovered. However, there could be a level of sickness hospitalizations that would increase in the future. One other aspect of our benefit ratio that I’ll mention, if we get our sales back to more normal level and we start with introducing product when people refresh product that has a slight impact on the benefit ratio as well in the form of reserve releases on old policy. So last year as we saw in our results, persistency increased which led to a slightly higher net benefit reserve with those policy holders hanging onto those policies.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks. And then just my follow-up is on U.S. sales. Dan, you had commented that you’re optimistic about a recovery in the second half. How much of that is just due to sort of recovery in face-to-face sales versus some of the things that you’re doing to try to improve the penetration of the direct-to-consumer or the digital virtual sales?
Dan Amos: Well, I think it’s a combination of both. And of course, you’re going against much easier numbers, especially in the second quarter and so that within itself makes it easier. But all-in-all we have been working on trying to find ways to do less face-to-face and more virtual. And we’ve been preparing for that and it just got accelerated. I will say, the new norm today is much improved over six months ago in terms of ability to get around as the vaccines are getting out. So we are seeing some stability from that standpoint. Teresa, would you like to make any comments specifically?
Teresa White: Yes, I’ll make a couple of comments. I agree if the combination of both the virtual environment and as our agents get better with adopting some of the virtual tools, I think we’ll continue to see improvement. But the other thing that I think that we are excited about is the idea of having new product that has been introduced, the dental vision product specifically in some of the broker and the small case market as well as in the larger case market having some of the life and disability products available as well. So we have a great opportunity in the second half to really start selling some of the newer product that we have out there. And so I think that’s what gives us – that’s what makes us excited about the second half of the year, of course vaccines, et cetera.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I want a just big picture on – you talked about risk adjusted return on equities, when we look at your slide deck, I mean you have a great track record of ROE. We’ve seen a number of other large insurance companies sort of get away from earnings per share guidance and focus on sort of setting ROE target. So given all the changes and challenges you’ve dealt with last year and with growth being uncertain at least in the near-term. How should we be thinking about sort of the ROE objectives for your company for 2021 and 2022?
Dan Amos: Yes. So Greg, I think we will be operating in a fairly stable environment. We obviously are running at fairly high capital levels and that is putting some pressure on ROE as we go forward. So it makes it somewhat challenging to continue to sort of operating in the strong ROE levels that we have been in the mid-teens. Like for example this year, we came in slightly above 15% for the full year. That being said, I do think that long-term, one way to sort of think about our business is, it’s a fairly capital light products that we sell, both in Japan and in the U.S. And over time I would expect that we should sort of run into sort of 600 basis points above our cost of capital is a reasonable way to sort of think about where our ROE should be over time. Because we don’t have a whole lot of interest rate sensitivity, but it does play a factor in terms of what sort of driving the ROE as well.
Max Broden: Yes. One thing Greg to I would add is, yes, you’re seeing a bit of a migration from EPS to ROE, but also from GAAP earnings to cash flow valuation and the cash flow dynamics of the company remain extremely strong even further advanced than that. I think particularly soon when it comes to Aflac, you’re going to want to focus in on economic value. And what I mean by that is, if you think about our goal with the new businesses we’ve brought on, which is network dental and vision, absentee management, disability and life true group if you will, and then the direct-to-consumer. These are businesses that we expect to combine, contribute upwards of $1 billion of earned premium over the next five to seven years. And that earned premium will have a different GAAP profit dynamic associated with it because it’s in building mode. And as you know, direct-to-consumer, you don’t DAC expenses and so by definition you have lower reported profit. At the same time that business if actuarially appraised, absolutely has value and some would argue great value as you can imagine. So I think as we communicate going forward, it’s not just communicating on EPS and ROE, but it’s also communicating on cash flow and the economic value that we’re driving in the company for the long run.
Gregory Peters: Got it. The second question is more in the weeds, but I know, on you’re prepared comments you talked about, now that COVID – we’ve got a year of COVID under the belt. You’re looking at reserves and using the data sort of set the reserve levels. And I’m just curious, both in Japan and in the U.S., how you’re reconciling one-year’s results with the fact that there’s a rollout of a vaccine? And that may cause data to shift entirely in a different direction over the course of the next 12 months?
Fred Crawford: I commented a bit on this in my script and Max commented on it. Look, it’s a very interesting science right now for valuation actuaries establishing reserves, particularly incurred but not reported reserves. These are practices that these models and so-called completion factors, if you want to use the technical language, are built-off of years-and-years and quarters-and-quarters of information that gives particularly for a stable business like ours, very high confidence in the level of IBNR to set up on a per-product basis. Here, you have pandemic conditions, but you also have not a linear dynamic but a convex dynamic of infections. And as you said, you’ve got these new wrinkles as in vaccination, the amount of vaccinations that rolls out, the acceptance and absorption of the vaccination among the public et cetera. And so it is a tricky environment, but these are incurred but not yet reported claims. Meaning it’s our best estimate right now of what we believe to be claims coming in and in-hand. It is still however an estimate and it’s an estimate under a convex environment. And so we’ll have to continue to back test, monitor and adjust our completion factors accordingly.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of our call. And I’ll turn it back for any closing remarks.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Carol, and thank you all for joining our call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon, if you have any additional follow-ups. And I wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to Aflac’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, David Young, Vice President of Aflac Incorporated Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Young: Thank you Adrienne. Good morning and welcome to Aflac Incorporated’s third quarter earnings call.  As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated will begin with an overview of our operations in Japan and the U.S. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated will then touch briefly on conditions in the third quarter and discuss how we are navigating the pandemic, including some key initiatives. Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will then conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of third quarter financial results and current capital and liquidity. Joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the U.S.: Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S., Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; June Howard, Chief Accounting Officer, and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan: Charles Lake, Chairman and representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations to certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I’ll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you David, and good morning. Thanks for joining us. As we all know, the COVID-19 pandemic has ushered in some of the most difficult times for so many people around the globe, and we continue to pray for all those affected. I’d like to share my appreciation for our employees and sales force in Japan and the United States for their tireless work in helping our policyholders and communities impacted by the pandemic. During this difficult time, it’s important to note that we remain focused on doing what we do best, that is providing protective products to help consumers when they need it most. This morning, I’ll provide an overview of the quarter and how we performed by operating segment. Financially, Aflac continues to be impacted by the pandemic but remains strong in terms of capital and liquidity. In addition, our investments are high quality and diversified, and they are among the highest return on capital and lowest cost of capital in the industry. Amid the challenges of COVID-19, this quarter was also significantly impacted by the release of favorable U.S. tax regulations related to the utilization of foreign tax credits. You will recall that our Japanese subsidiary is taxed as a U.S. domestic company for U.S. tax purposes. In the quarter, we recognized a cumulative year to date benefit from these regulations of $202 million, or $0.28 per share compared to our previous run rate. Max will provide additional details. Turning to our operations, starting with Aflac Japan, the effect of COVID-19 continues to noticeably impact our results, as seen in the third quarter with sales decreasing 32%. We continued to have around 50% of the workforce working from home in Japan and in September, traffic coming into the shops remained at 70% of pre-pandemic levels. While these sales results represent sequential improvements relative to the last quarter, the effect of the reduced face-to-face activities are evident and we continue to promote virtual sales. 2020 has also ushered in a change on the Japanese political front. Prime Minister Abe was Japan’s longest serving prime minister and a source of political stability with nearly eight years in office. Mr. Suga was a core member of Abe’s administration leadership team, serving as the Chief Cabinet Secretary. We believe Mr. Suga’s administration will carry on skilled leadership. This will continue to promote a good business environment in Japan and emphasize policies in terms of the response to COVID-19 and economic policies.  Prime Minister Suga is accelerating efforts to move forward with regulatory reforms for a post pandemic world, promoting digital transformation. In that respect, I am pleased that Aflac Japan’s paperless initiative is well underway, and Fred will share more. Turning to Aflac U.S., the effects of COVID-19 continued to noticeably impact our results in this segment as well. Largely due to reduced face-to-face activity, third quarter sales were down 35.7%. In the U.S., we continue to feel the impact of temporary business closures and lack of access to the worksite, especially among our career agents who have historically relied upon face-to-face meetings to engage our small business owners and their employees. At the same time, the fourth quarter is typically when we see strong results in the broker-driven group market, which has generally been more resilient to non face-to-face conditions. As a result, we remain cautiously optimistic for modest sequential sales improvement for Aflac U.S. in the fourth quarter compared to the second and third quarter, contingent upon the pace of the economic recovery. We are also on track to close our acquisition of Zurich Group Business Benefit soon, which allows us to extend our distribution reach and appeal to brokers and large employers. While having little effect on the fourth quarter, the acquisition positions us for expanded capacity as we look forward to 2021. To place Aflac in a position of strength, we know that we must balance investing in growth with an eye towards reducing expenses in the long run. As such, we took an opportunity to offer a very generous voluntary separation package to eligible employees who expressed an interest. As a result, we have achieved an approximate 9% reduction in our U.S. and corporate workforce with expected one-time expenses of $45 million in the fourth quarter. This allowed us to thank employees for their years of faithful service and dedication as they pursue a new path or open up the next chapter. You will recall that the U.S. benefit ratio was significantly affected by policyholders’ limited visits to the doctor. With this in mind, we launched a U.S. initiative early in the third quarter to remind policyholders of the value of their wellness benefits attached to their products. The wellness benefit pays on certain routine doctor, dentist, and hospitalization visits. In addition, we made sure that it pays a benefit for COVID-19 testing. The wellness initiative has been a success. We are glad we emphasized this important aspect of our policy as it reinforces how we are there for the policyholder when they need us most. This wellness campaign and the voluntary separation programs were a couple of near term headwinds to the profit margin; however, we expect that they will serve us well as we enter 2021. To conclude our operational discussion, as I’ve said before, we want to be where the people want to purchase insurance. That applies to both Japan and the U.S. In the past, this has meant meeting face-to-face with individuals to understand their situation, propose a solution, and close the sale; however, the pandemic clearly demonstrates the need for virtual meets, in other words non face-to-face sales to reach potential customers and provide them with the protection that they need. Therefore, we have accelerated investment to enhance the tools available to our distribution in both countries. As always, we are committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. This includes maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the policyholders in both the U.S. and Japan, and a tactical approach to capital allocation. It goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth. With the fourth quarter declaration, 2020 will mark the 38th consecutive year of dividend increases. Our dividend track record is supported by the strength of our capital and cash flows. At the same time, we have remained tactical in our approach to share repurchase, buying back $400 million of our shares in the third quarter. We have also focused on integrating the growth investments that we have made in our platform. By doing so, we look to emerge from this period of continued position of strength and leadership. As always, we are working to achieve our earnings per share objectives while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. We look forward to going into greater detail on our strategic growth plans and efforts to drive efficiency at the financial analyst briefing conference call in a few weeks. Now I’d like to turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you Dan. I’m going to touch briefly on conditions in the third quarter and how we’re navigating the pandemic. I’ll also provide an update on key initiatives in Japan and the U.S. to include our approach to managing expenses. There are currently approximately 97,000 COVID-19 cases and 1,730 deaths in all of Japan. Through the third quarter, Aflac Japan COVID-19 impact totaled 1,750 unique claimants with incurred claims totaling approximately ¥550 million in the quarter and ¥760 million year to date. In short, we are tracking well below our stress assumptions with no measurable impact from COVID-19 claims; however, reduced sales and delaying the promotion of the new cancer rider and refreshed medical product are contributing to revenue pressure. This pressure is offset somewhat by favorable persistency. COVID-related expenses in the quarter totaled ¥1.7 billion, which included the rollout of virtual distribution tools, employee teleworking equipment, and distribution support.  In the U.S., the dynamics are understandably more complex. COVID-19 case levels in the U.S. now exceed 8.5 million with deaths nearly 230,000. Through the end of the third quarter, COVID-19 claimants in the U.S. totaled 12,800 with incurred claims of approximately $23 million in the quarter and year to date approximately $57 million. We are closely monitoring the recent surge in infections but continue to see the rate of hospitalization, length of stay in the hospital, and transition to ICU traveling below our expectations. We believe this is attributed to advancements in treatment and the nature of the worksite, which is a generally younger and healthier population of policyholders.  As Dan noted in his comments, we launched an initiative early in the third quarter to remind policyholders of their wellness benefits, which drove increased utilization. This effort involved connecting with 2.7 million accident and hospital policyholders through a combination of email and direct mail in the month of August. This impacted our benefit ratio in the period but is designed to reinforce the value proposition of our products. We have thus far seen limited impact to persistency, however we believe this is partially attributed to state executive orders requiring premium grace periods. These executive orders are still in place in 13 states as of the end of the quarter. In those states where the executive orders have expired, we have reduced pressure on lapse rates through proactive outreach to policyholders and employers, actively converting policyholders from payroll deduction to direct bill and notifying policyholders of their wellness benefits. Turning to key operating initiatives in both Japan and the U.S., we are balancing investments in growth while addressing our expense structure. A material driver of elevated expense ratios in Japan and the U.S. is weakness in revenue, thus the need for a balanced approach.  Beginning with Japan, we are set to promote a simplified cancer rider in the fourth quarter and launching our refreshed medical product in the first quarter of 2021. Rolled out in late October, we have the technology in place to pivot from face-to-face to virtual sales and an entirely digital customer experience. We continue with direct mail campaigns aided by data analytics that serve to enhance the close rate. We expect the combination of product development, a recovery in pandemic conditions, and our alliance with Japan Post to be important growth drivers as we make our way through 2021. We view the pandemic as a call to action on accelerating investment in our digital road map and related process improvements. On our second quarter call, I noted our paperless initiative across all operations in Japan. This is a three-year and roughly ¥10 billion investment with approximately ¥2 billion spent in the third quarter along with another ¥3.6 billion estimated spend in the fourth quarter. While elevating our 2020 expenses, this effort will reduce the production and circulation of 80 million pieces of paper per year with run rate savings in the range of ¥3 billion annually. As we move to the fourth quarter, we have budgeted an increase in general administration expenses over our third quarter of approximately ¥6 billion. This includes 50% of our 2020 annual advertising spend concentrated in the quarter to raise new product awareness as well as a stepped up level of investment in the paperless initiative. We are effectively accelerating investments in our digital platform into 2020 and 2021. Turning to the U.S., the build-out of network dental and vision remains on track. We have successfully filed our new network products in 48 states with approvals received in 37 states. We are up and running with sales in 10 states and expect to ramp this up as we move into 2021.  Our consumer markets platform remains on track with hospital, accident and cancer product filings expected to be completed in early 2021. We also plan to include life insurance in 2021, recognizing that is a natural product to sell digitally empowered by the Aflac brand.  Finally, we will soon close on our Zurich Benefits acquisition, having successfully completed the required regulatory approvals. Along with efforts to improve overall persistency, these are the three largest incremental drivers to earned premium growth in the coming years. Anticipating further pressure on near term earned premium as we move into 2021, we are addressing expenses in the U.S. with a sense of urgency. We are addressing expenses across two horizons. Horizon one is near term focused and includes a series of actions in 2020 designed to take out approximately $100 million of annualized run rate expenses as we enter 2021. This includes both the U.S. platform and corporate expenses.  Early in the fourth quarter, we completed a voluntary separation plan for eligible employees which will result in a 9% reduction to our U.S. workforce. We expect to record a one-time separation expense of approximately $45 million in the fourth quarter and will realize annualized run rate savings in the $45 million to $50 million range. Horizon two expense initiatives elevate near term expenses until such time the investment is complete. Legacy platforms are decommissioned and business processes are adjusted. The most significant investment is in our group business and migration off an old administrative platform onto a new platform. In addition, we are completing a broader digital road map which includes approximately $25 million of accelerated investment in 2020, much of that investment coming in the fourth quarter.  As I noted, we need to balance these expense initiatives with investment in growth. We have adopted a buy to build acquisition strategy. While a tactical and prudent use of excess capital, this is not an inexpensive effort in the early years. These build efforts include dental and vision, direct to consumer, and group benefits and taken together impacted our expense ratio in the third quarter by 110 basis points, and are expected to impact the fourth quarter by approximately 160 basis points. I’ll conclude my comments with investment conditions. Our global investment team remains focused on asset quality, monitoring economic conditions, and sourcing new investment opportunities in a low interest rate environment. Our firm view is that we will experience a checkmark-shaped recovery, meaning a slow road to recovery with pockets of volatility along the way. Our actions prior the pandemic to tactically improve the risk profile of our portfolio combined with some additional de-risking earlier this year has served us well, with only modest losses on the sale of securities, impairments and loss reserve increases. These actions have also positioned the portfolio defensively should we see a second surge in the virus impact economic conditions. We continue to watch closely our middle market loan and transitional real estate portfolios. While we have seen credit rating downgrades, our middle market loan portfolio is more resilient, consisting of first lien loans to high quality borrowers backed by strong equity sponsors. In the case of transitional real estate, our portfolio is also consisting of only first lien positions and is diversified with strong loans to value.  We continue to explore ways to optimize currency hedging. Overall, no material change, but we are further refining our approach to managing the unhedged dollars in Japan. These unhedged dollars provide diversification and income benefits, as well as lowering our enterprise exposure to the yen.  As we look towards 2021, we will reset 2020 hedges on our floating rate portfolio and currency hedges at materially lower rates. While we do not see this impacting net investment income to any great degree, you will see line item impacts to Japan’s net investment income, hedge costs, and corporate investment income.  Wrapping up my comments, we are not backing off critical investments to drive long term growth and efficiency in the face of what we believe to be temporary weakness in sales results and earned premium. We will provide further detail around this when we meet for our annual financial investor conference in the coming weeks, and we’ll talk about the details of investments and when we expect them to turn the corner to having a positive impact on growth and profits. I’ll now pass onto Max to discuss financial performance in more detail. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you Fred. Let me begin my comments with a review of our third quarter performance with a focus on how our core capital and earnings drivers have developed.  For the third quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 19.8% to $1.39 with no significant impact from FX in the quarter. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, grew 17.4% and the adjusted ROE, excluding the foreign currency impact, was a strong 16.8%, a material spread to our cost of capital.  This quarter was significantly impacted by the release of favorable U.S. tax regulations related to the utilization of foreign tax credits. As a reminder, our Japanese subsidiary is taxed as a U.S. domestic company for U.S. tax purposes. In the quarter, we recognized a cumulative year-to-date benefit from these regulations which lowered our tax rate on adjusted earnings for the quarter to 4.1%, a benefit of $0.28 versus our previous run rate. Our tax rate for the quarter further benefited from tax credits in our solar and historic rehabilitation investments which lowered our tax expense by approximately $20 million more than in a normal quarter. In addition, variable investment income came in $6 million above our long-term return expectations, and together these two items boosted current quarter EPS by about $0.03. On a go forward basis and under the current U.S. corporate tax regime, we would expect our go forward tax rate on adjusted earnings to be approximately 20%.  Turning to our Japan segment, total earned premium for the quarter declined 3.3%, reflecting mainly first sector policies paid up impacts, while earned premium put at third sector product was down 1.7%. Japan’s revenue trend should be considered in light of impact of paid-up policies. For example, year-over-year earned premium was down 3.3% in the quarter while policies in force was down a little less than 1%. This disconnect masks the strength of persistency which has been rising during the pandemic. In short, expenses related to managing our in force tend to hold steady despite the drop in reported earned premium, putting pressure on our expense ratio.  Japan’s total benefit ratio came in at 71.3% for the quarter, up 130 basis points year over year, and the third sector benefit ratio was 61.7%, up 170 basis points year over year. The main driver of the increase was lower lapses associated with policyholders updating their coverage. Given the current lower new business activity, this naturally pushes up our benefit ratio due to lower reserve releases, decreases back amortization, and improves reported persistency. We did experience all of this in the third quarter, manifested by our persistency improving by 80 basis points year over year. The IBNR was also less favorable this quarter. We’ve seen a drop in paid claims during the pandemic, more so in our medical coverages. Our IBNR as met has only partially reflected this drop given there is not much data to base an adjustment on. We continue to monitor experience and will adjust our paid data as it gets more complete. In addition, for our cancer claims that are more than three years old, we extended the completion of claims which led to a smaller release in IBNR compared to 2019.  Our expense ratio in Japan was 21.7%, up 110 basis points year over year. Our paperless initiative kicked into higher gear as we digitized our operations and drove efficiencies throughout the value chain to a future state with significantly reduced paper usage. Overall, when considering COVID-related spend, promotional spend and digital and paperless initiatives, we anticipate expense ratios in Japan to remain elevated in the 22% range for the remainder of 2020.  Net investment income declined 0.2% in yen terms despite the higher variable investment income, as our yen-denominated portfolio generated lower yields due to lower call income in this quarter.  The pre-tax margin for Japan in the quarter was 19.4%, impacted by both the higher benefit ratio as well as a higher expense ratio in the quarter.  Turning to U.S. results, earned premium was down 2.6% due to weaker sales results. Premium persistency improved 80 basis points to 78.8% as our efforts to retain accounts and keep premium in force showed early positive results. As Fred mentioned, there are still 13 states with premium grace periods in place at the end of Q3, so we are monitoring these developments closely. Our total benefit ratio came in at 48.3%, which was 80 basis points lower than Q3 2019. We have seen a normalization of claims activity across our portfolio compared to the second quarter. In order to improve customer experience and persistency, we conducted an extensive policyholder communication campaign highlighting the embedded wellness benefit in our accident products, and we encouraged policyholders to utilize this benefit. We estimate this initiative drove incremental claims of approximately $14 million and impacted our benefit ratio in the range of 100 basis points over what we would normally expect, but we believe our efforts will add value for the customer and improve their experience along with improved long term persistency. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 37.2%, up 130 basis points year over year. The inclusion of Argus added 80 basis points in the quarter and a decline in revenues roughly explains the residual year-over-year impact.  The impact from declining revenues has become more pronounced on our ratios in this quarter relative to prior quarters. We anticipate expense ratios in the U.S. to remain elevated in the 39% range for the full year 2020, driven by near term weakness in revenues, uptick in seasonal business activity, and expected inclusion of the Zurich Group Benefits acquisition.  Net investment income in the U.S. was down 4.4% due to a 14 basis point contraction in portfolio yield. Profitability in the U.S. segment remained healthy at 20.5% with a low benefit ratio as the core driver.  In our corporate segment, amortized hedge income contributed $22 million on a pre-tax basis to the quarter’s earnings with an ending notional position of $5 billion.  Our capital position remained strong and we ended the quarter with an SMR north of 900% in Japan and an RBC of approximately 700% in Aflac Columbus. Our RBC is temporarily boosted by delaying statutory subsidiary dividends to Q4. We still expect to end the year with an RBC in the range of 550 to 600%. Holding company liquidity stood at $3.8 billion, $1.8 billion above our minimum balance. This is down compared to earlier in the year but reflects our decision to delay regular Q3 subsidiary dividends to Q4. On an annual basis, we expect uninterrupted dividend flows to continue from our subsidiaries. Leverage improved to a comfortable 22.9% due to the increase in shareholders equity driven by the release of the tax valuation allowance of $1.4 billion.  While we remain cautious in terms of monitoring the pandemic, we have comfort in the strength of our capital ratios, excess capital, statutory earnings and dividend capacity, and our ability to navigate any current and future stress brought on by the pandemic or associated economic conditions. In the quarter, we repurchased $400 million of our own stock and paid dividends of $192 million. We will continue to be flexible and tactical in how we manage the balance sheet and deploy capital in order to drive a strong risk-adjusted return on equity with a meaningful spread to our cost of capital. Let me now turn it over to David to begin Q&A.
David Young: Thank you Max.  We’re now ready to take your questions, but first let me ask you to please limit yourselves to one initial question, followed by a related follow-up question to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question.  Adrienne, we will now take that first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: Great, thanks, and good morning everyone. My question is on expenses. You announced the U.S. expense reduction initiative together with the paperless initiative in Japan, but you’re also talking about ramping higher investments in other digital and growth initiatives. Appreciate the color for the fourth quarter, but how should we be thinking about expense ratios in 2021? Should we see the benefit of those initiatives flow through to the bottom line or still elevated expense ratios looking forward? 
Frederick Crawford: Nigel, this is Fred. I would say in general, both in the case of the U.S. as well as Japan in 2021, you should anticipate a continuation of elevated expenses as these investments will continue at their current pace. In fact in the U.S., we will particularly be building more proactively on the dental and vision, the consumer markets, and then now adding the group benefits business, so you’ll see the pace of investment improve. When it comes to business as usual expenses, or what we would call our general operating expenses, that’s where you’ll see improvement particularly in the U.S. as we take action around staffing models, headcount and other related cost savings efforts, so it’s a balancing act. We’ll give more color on our expense ratios, both in Japan and the U.S., at the financial analyst briefing as we traditionally do, so I don’t want to get out in front of that; but I can certainly answer your question that the pace of investment will continue to go forward but it’s really directed towards growth, as well as efficiency.  Remember there’s two components to the expense ratio, and one of the things weighing on our expense ratios right now in Japan and the U.S. is weakness in revenue, so we’ve got to drive these expenses through to generate revenue improvement over time. That will be the path to victory on expense ratios ultimately.
Nigel Dally: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan Securities LLC.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a question just on the U.S. business. Obviously sales have been pretty weak recently, and I’m assuming that 4Q will be a little bit better just given that a majority of the sales are broker sales and that channel doesn’t seem to be as impacted by social distancing and stuff. But what’s your path to an improvement in sales beyond that, because I’m assuming even though businesses are starting to open up, most of them are going to be reluctant to have salespeople come in and pitch products or [indiscernible] people, so what’s--like, just a few comments on what you feel is going to drive recovery in your sales in the U.S. beyond just a vaccine or normalization of social and business trends? 
Daniel Amos: I’m going to have Richard answer that.
Richard Williams: Okay, thank you Jimmy. As Dan noted in his comments, we expect modest sequential improvement in the fourth quarter compared to the second and the third quarter, and as you recall, the fourth quarter for us is more heavily weighted to broker sales, roughly about 50% of our quarter. That’s where less face-to-face enrollment is utilized as well as larger cases, so I think those are the support points to Dan’s comments around modest sequential improvement. I think secondly, we will reserve comment around 2021 for our outlook call and financial analyst briefing, and we look forward to that discussion then.
Daniel Amos: Teresa, do you want to add anything?
Teresa White: No, I think Rich covered it. Thank you.
Jimmy Bhullar: Maybe just another one on the U.S. on your persistency. Can you talk about what you’ve seen in terms of persistency in the regions where premium grace periods have expired? Are you seeing an uptick in lapses there, or not?
Teresa White: Overall we have not seen a notable increase in policy lapses given the stability in our persistency rates, but we continue to monitor especially with the small business side. It’s important to note that small business is a large part of our in force; however, the premium is more balanced across small and large cases, so really we’re not seeing what we thought we would see, but we’re continuing to monitor this and we’ll give more insight at the investor conference as well.
Frederick Crawford: And I think the wellness benefit and our ability to pay claims for it, although it kicked up our benefit ratio which we wanted to happen, we believe it will also have a positive impact on persistency as people realize they need the product.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. I think you had said you expect some new products in Japan in the first quarter, so just curious - normally when you launch a new product, we see an almost immediate pick-up in sales. Just given the pandemic and how the sales dynamic has changed, should we expect the same sort of trend that we’ve seen historically, and will you be selling this new medical product in the Japan--sorry, the cancer product in the Japan closed channel?
Daniel Amos: Koide?
Masatoshi Koide: Koji will answer that question.
Koji Ariyoshi: [translated from Japanese] In terms of medical insurance, as we have already started with our cancer insurance, we have implemented web certification as well as application--insurance application system, from October, and this will allow reduction of COVID-19 risk, like having social distance. On top of that, this medical insurance product that we plan to launch is a competitive product, so we will be able to win in the competition, and that way we should be able to increase our share in the medical market. Our new product has a broad range of coverage to really be able to respond to various types of customers. For example, a lot of the customers have concerns about the three dread diseases, which we will cover further in this new product, as well as short term coverage in the medical insurance, and at the same time those customers who really do not want to just keep on paying premium and gain nothing, we do have some no-claim bonus rider that can be added to this rider, so we should be able to respond to various needs of customers. We would like to use this medical insurance product as sort of the engine to start our sales in 2021, and with the web virtual sales we should be able to minimize the negative impact or the risk of COVID-19, so we’d like to really use this to harness our sales.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks. Then I guess for Max on the tax rate change, was any of this related to the Trump tax cuts, and then accordingly is there any risk that under a different administration, this tax ruling that you got could be reversed?
Max Broden: No, it’s not related to the Trump tax cuts. This is related to a new regulation issued by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS that came out on September 29.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: How should we be thinking about the permanence of the some of the declines in utilization in the U.S. from maybe changed behavior from COVID, principally maybe telemedicine driving down the benefits ratio?
Daniel Amos: Well, I think it’s still in limbo in terms of what we’re absolutely sure will happen. Certainly we have seen when, let’s say April-May-June, people were staying inside more, they were not going to the doctor, we saw a drop-off in the claims. The idea of the wellness benefit is to get them back to a doctor, twofold: one, to have utilization of the policy and therefore improved persistency, raise the loss ratio some but also prevent people from--I mean, I have a friend whose wife was diagnosed with a stage 3 cancer, and if they had gone to the doctor as they should have but couldn’t because of COVID, they could have caught it much earlier. So one of the things that we’re watching is to see whether or not there’s a tail on this, and that’s why we’re trying to encourage people to go ahead now and go back to the doctor, use these wellness benefits, get the exams you should get, and hopefully that brings down the tail on the business.  We know that it’s already picking back up in terms of people going back to the doctor, but it’s not back to the normal amount that it was running pre-COVID.
John Barnidge: Okay, very helpful. The wellness initiative that trimmed 100 basis points on the benefits ratio, has that completely played out or could there be still more to come?
Teresa White: We believe that there could still be more to come there.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Do you intend to let all of the tax benefit drop to the bottom line, and do you see opportunity to either accelerate investment or adjust product pricing to boost growth?
Max Broden: We obviously have multiple initiatives in place in order to drive growth, as Fred outlined, and that is pushing up our expense ratio and has. That’s been in play for the last couple of years, and we see that ongoing. Generally I would characterize this benefit as dropping to the bottom line.
Frederick Crawford: One thing I would add, though, and this goes to the previous question too about how to think about future corporate tax rate changes, is that we do have to be mindful of that. This effectively just creates an even playing field for the way in which we report our effective tax rate and cash tax payments; in other words, we are effectively paying a 21% corporate tax rate as being a U.S. taxpayer at Aflac, and so to the degree there is a change in tax law going forward, we’ll be impacted much like any other corporate taxpayer in the U.S., so we do have to be mindful of that and we’ll be watching that carefully. Having said that, though, there is a very real benefit to us, both cash-wise and effective tax rate for a period of time, including going back and grabbing some cash flows that we had previously paid out in the way of tax payments, so it’s a real benefit that one that you want to be careful about taking into the future, if you believe there could be changes in the corporate tax rate going forward.
Erik Bass: Thank you, then can you talk a little bit about the recruiting and licensing backdrop for new agents? 
Teresa White: Rich?
Richard Williams: Absolutely. First of all, recruiting continues to be a very important part of our element and strategy going forward. We saw improvement in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, and we--you know, at the beginning of 2020 we implemented significant alignment from a compensation program to drive producer growth and to drive recruiting. The anticipation on recruiting for the fourth quarter is we expect to see moderate improvement compared to the second and third quarter, and then as we look to 2021, we’ll clearly talk about that more at the investor conference, but it will be a key part of our strategy.
Erik Bass: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is related to the expenses in Japan. I heard that you talked about the ¥1.7 billion for the COVID-related expenses in the quarter, and then also there was ¥2 billion related to the paperless initiatives. But just looking at the sequential increase in expenses, still those two pieces only explain half of the increase, so I was just wondering what’s the other driver for the much higher expenses in the quarter? 
Max Broden: The main driver in terms of the expense ratio is the decline in revenues, so you have the increased spending but also the function of lower revenues is impacting the expense ratio.
Humphrey Lee: But I’m just referring to the notional general expense amount of ¥72 billion.
Frederick Crawford: I think much of that has to do with just seasonal dynamics related to direct mail spend as well as other promotional initiatives in the quarter related to--you know, as compared to last year, so I think some of it was just natural fluctuation. The two main drivers, and maybe I would add a third, are not only COVID-related expenses and the paperless initiative, but we also continue to accelerate certain digital investments in the quarter, and those are the primary drivers of just an incremental increase in general operating expenses.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, and then in terms of the Zurich addition in the fourth quarter, how should we think about the size of the premium add, and then also by extension the expense impacts of that platform, and also what’s your expectation on a full year premium basis for that business?
Frederick Crawford: That business has been running at around, I believe in the $75 million to $100 million annualized premium range. As you can expect, that’s a lumpy business because it’s largely a start-up at Zurich and it tends to focus on large accounts. But it’s also a very persistent business, so there’s high persistency with that business, so I would expect on an annualized basis it’s in that range, so it will have a modest impact to annual earned premium. In terms of the overall P&L impact on it, as we mentioned when we announced the transaction, we would expect there to be roughly $0.05 dilution on an annualized basis related to that transaction, and that’s largely because as they are still ramping up the business, their revenue is not enough to offset their cost structure because it’s in a growth mode, and so--and we expect obviously and intend to continue that growth mode going forward, so that’s essentially the nature of the business. It’s modestly dilutive to earnings and modestly accretive to earned premium.
Humphrey Lee: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. My first question is around the benefits ratio, and I’m wondering as we look out in the U.S. at 48.3, down from 49.1 year-over-year, and then of course 44.3 quarter-over-quarter, have we reached kind of a stable zone now? How would you expect it to trend over the course of the next several quarters?
Frederick Crawford: Well in general, we would expect it to trend up, but really up to previous reported numbers prior to the pandemic, and that’s simply because of what Dan outlined in his comments, that there will be naturally a gradual increase in utilization but really back to normal levels, and still overall favorable relative to going back in history, so you’ll see it trend up. Wellness related impacts will subside, we certainly hope, but frankly we’re monitoring, as you can imagine given the news, COVID related cases, but overall we would expect utilization to find its more normal levels over time. We are bringing on businesses that tend to have higher benefit ratios and lower expense ratios - network dental and vision, for example, and then of course group benefits, so over time you’ll eventually have a bit of a mix play in our benefit ratio to be aware of, but that’s unlikely to be material certainly over the next several quarters and in 2021. But you’ll see that play out over time and we’ll of course be able to report that out and let you know what’s influencing the benefit ratio and expense ratio.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Earlier in the year, you provided a credit stress scenario of about $680 million of credit losses. Has that changed, improved, worsened? What’s the outlook there, and what are you seeing into 2021?
Frederick Crawford: Eric, why don’t you take that? 
Eric Kirsch: Sure thing, thank you, Andrew. Naturally we continue to analyze our portfolio with stress scenarios, inclusive of how our portfolio actually performed over these past six months, and looking forward including assumptions about a second wave and economic and market impacts. In fact, our portfolio has performed very well through the first part of the pandemic and better than expected relative to our stress test.  In addition, as you may recollect, in the second quarter we did some marginal de-risking and risk reduction, and there were particular names in the stress test that in essence were impacted or went away. Having said that, we’re completing our newest stress test and intend on presenting that at this upcoming FAB, so if you can be patient for about another month, you’ll see some of the new results.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it, thank you.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question, Max, can you give a sense for how the cash tax benefits will compare to the reduction in the GAAP tax rate, and how we should think about that playing out over time?
Max Broden: Cash taxes will always be volatile, and there will be timing differences between our GAAP and our cash taxes, but over time I would expect them to have about the same impact from this change in tax regulation.
Tom Gallagher: Would you expect there to be a meaningful difference in the first couple of years and converge over time, or is it going to be, would you say, directionally similar with some volatility around it, if you know what I mean?
Max Broden: Yes, it would be the latter. There will not any material, significant difference, and certainly not over as long period as a number of years. It’s more the latter, where we might in a short term have some timing differences, but generally speaking we would expect our cash taxes to come down as well.
Tom Gallagher: Got you, and then my follow-up is can you--just given the increase in the benefit ratio in Japan this quarter, the 150 basis points to 200 basis points, can you talk about--and I know you had referenced that was somewhat related to the slowdown in sales and the impact of lapse and reissue, can you talk--given that sales are likely to remain at least somewhat lower relative to historical levels, can you talk about whether you would still expect to see the broader trend of benefit ratio improving here over the next couple of years, or are we likely to see that maybe go the other way?
Max Broden: Todd, why don’t you take a crack at that?
Todd Daniels: Okay, thanks Max. Really when we look forward for our persistency, and as Max alluded to, it’s totally related to sales activity, and about 80 basis points in the benefit ratio for the quarter is attributed to lack of what I will call lapse in reissue activity. As we introduce product in the first quarter, I would expect that to pick up somewhat for the medical block, so I would really anticipate as we go through next year that you see more of a normalized termination rate, which will lead to a more normal looking benefit ratio, especially as it pertains to the policy reserve aspect of it. 
Tom Gallagher: Got you, and Todd, would you still expect the broader trend over multiple years of improvement in the benefit ratio?
Todd Daniels: I think as we see claims come in and our trends that we have in our cancer and medical blocks, that will be reflected in the benefit ratio going forward. 
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Max Broden: Tom, we will address some of the underlying drivers in terms of hospitalizations and duration of hospital stays, etc. at FAB, so we’ll give you a little bit more insight into that.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
David Young: That leads us to the top of the hour. Before concluding, I just wanted to remind you that we have combined our financial analyst briefing and our 2021 outlook call into a special webcast event on the morning of November 19 at 8:00 am Eastern time. For more details, please reach out to Investor Relations here, and we thank you all for joining us today, and look forward to speaking with you soon and wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Everyone may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. Sir, could you check the mute button, please?
David Young: Thank you, Fran. Good morning. And welcome to Aflac Incorporated second quarter call. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter, as well as our operations in Japan and the United States amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will begin by discussing the impact of the pandemic and our ongoing response. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the second quarter before providing perspective on claims exposure to COVID-19. Max Brodén, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of second quarter financial results and current capital and liquidity. Joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the U.S., Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Steve Beaver, CFO of Aflac U.S. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on the company’s investor site, investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I will now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning. Shortly, I will provide an overview of the quarter and how we perform [Technical Difficulty] provide perspective on the ongoing [Technical Difficulty] in their families, the people who are on the frontlines fighting the spread of COVID-19 and those who are providing essential services including our own employees. As I shared with you last quarter, the guiding focus of our actions has centered on the healthy and safety of our employees, distribution partners and policyholders we serve. You will recall last quarter, that we ramped up our work-at-home staffing models in both Japan and the United States. We saw a little in the way of disruption in the operations and our employees adapted well. Since our last earnings call, the government of Japan has lifted state of emergency on May 25th and the country has seen new cases rise since mid-June, but on a lesser scale relative to the United States. Recently Japan reported a little over 900 cases in a day. With risk of infection remaining, the national and local governments are monitoring spread very closely, as the country gradually opens, taking action when necessary. Aflac Japan has also taken steps with approximately 50% of the workforce returning to work on site. Our actions are taken into consultation with leading medical experts in Japan, including Professor and Dr. Koji Wada, and following health and safety protocols for the industry developed by the Japanese Business Federation and Life insurance Association of Japan. Aflac Japan continues to monitor the situation and encourage remote work to the greatest extent possible. At the same time, the United States has seen daily new cases and hospitalizations significantly on the rise since mid-June. Recently, new cases exceeded 75,000 in one day in the United States. Increasingly public health experts are advocating for the need to observe prudent protective measures through the fall and early winter. As a result, Aflac U.S. plans on beginning a regional stage gating approach for returning to on-site work in 2021. We feel that this is the best approach for our employees, as well as the health of our communities. Our employees in both countries have shown incredible determination and professionalism over the course of this year. For example, even amid the global pandemics ever-changing working locations and conditions, our employees in Japan and the United States have demonstrated a determination to now more than ever, put policyholders first. In fact, two weeks ago, Aflac Japan received the honor of being the number one company in customer loyalty among the 13 life insurance companies in the NTT Com Online Benchmark Survey. This survey was conducted in May, right in the middle of the COVID pandemic, which shows our ability to adapt. Our factors customers ranked were Aflac number one included our customer service and listening approach, our corporate and brand image, and our friendly policyholder website. Receiving recognition such as this from the very people we support is the highest honor, especially considered in the current environment. It also reflects our collective hard work and dedication to be there for the policyholders when they need us most. Another way we have supported our policyholders through this difficult time is extending the grace periods for premium payments in both Japan and the United States. Initially, Aflac Japan followed the FSA guidance and extended the grace period on premium payments to September 30, 2020. In June, Aflac Japan like its industry peers extended the premium grace period until April 30, 2021. Policyholders are required to file for relief through this extension. Aflac U.S. has also implemented premium grace periods. And those periods remain in effect in 23 states as of July, 2020. The environment created by COVID-19, which has included sheltering in place and social distancing, continues to impact our sales results, both in the United States and in Japan. We are carefully monitoring our core products and actual to expected non-COVID claims. We are proactively reaching out to employers and policyholders to assist in understanding our product benefits and to ease the filing of qualified claims. We are also communicating on the value of the wellness benefits attached to our products for reimbursement of routine doctor, dentist and hospital visits. As shelter-at-home orders subside and normal activities recover. We have done this in the past and while current conditions are unique, our experience is that this will drive utilization, benefit ratios and improved persistency. Turning to sales, Aflac U.S. total sales were down 56% in the quarter. Aflac Japan sales were down 60% in the quarter, which also reflects last year’s strong second quarter sales by Japan Post. While the technology for virtual sales existed prior to the pandemic, market practice and preference favored face-to-face presentations. In both countries, we are having to pivot to a more virtual sales execution. Within the current environment, virtual takes on greater importance, especially in those areas that are slower to open up. For Aflac Japan, this will mean additional digital transformation initiatives, utilizing artificial intelligence to better identify customers’ needs and consult with customers through the web. On July the 3rd at the Strategic Alliance Executive Meeting, Japan Post Holdings CEO, Masuda-san and I agreed to a joint promotion of such digital transformation initiatives. I was glad that we were able to have our virtual meeting that evening and I hope that we can visit very soon in person. Recognizing that face-to-face sales will be challenging, Aflac Japan continues to pursue new business through direct mail and calling campaigns to existing and prospective customers. We are also preparing to introduce a new system that enables online consultation by allowing the customer and our agency to see the same screen through the digital device. Additionally, we will enhance this system to enable smartphone-based insurance application ahead of all other companies in Japan. Likewise, our production model in the United States relies heavily on face-to-face interaction at the work site and is small business oriented. As such, we were hit hard by temporary closures of business and lack of access at the work site, especially in the second quarter. Keep in mind, the fourth quarter is typically the quarter in which we see strong results in the broker-driven group market, which has generally been more resilient to conditions. This makes us cautiously optimistic as we see potential for modest sales improvements for Aflac U.S. in the second half of the year, also contingent upon the pace of the economic recovery. We continue to progress toward closing our definitive agreement to acquire Zurich Group Benefits business, which allows us to extend our distribution reach and extend our appeal to brokers and larger employers. When stepping back from the quarter and reflecting on the events impacted the economy and our business model, I remain confident in how we are positioned, despite our shared concerns over conditions in the United States, we are able to move forward with key growth and efficiency initiatives that require near-term investments in order to be positioned for future growth and opportunity. We are learning more about how the pandemic is impacting our business and are quickly pivoting to better balance to face-to-face and virtual sales practices. We have thus far dependent our strong margins in Japan and the United States, and asset quality remains strong. Additionally, our overall capital and liquidity positions allow us to continue uninterrupted the balance of the investments in the business, opportunistic investments and returning capital to the shareholders. Let me conclude with the topic of social justice, which has been thrust into the spotlight in the United States since the last earnings release. Aflac is and has always been for fairness and justice, diversity and inclusion are not new concepts for Aflac. We have consistently received recognition in various publications, including being named to Black Enterprise list of the 50 best companies for diversity 13 times and Latino Style list of the 50 best companies for Latinos to work for in the United States 20 times. A key tenet of the Aflac way is treating people with respect and care. This is critical when considering that 46% of our U.S. employees ethnic minorities and 66% are women. We continue to partner with organizations like the Congressional Black Caucus Institute’s 20 First Century Council and the business roundtable to raise issues that can lead to meaningful change in public policy. As an inherent part of the culture, we oppose any form of bigotry, intolerance and disrespect in our society. We are committed to fight for racial justice and equality for all. At Aflac, we have always believed that fostering a diverse workforce isn’t just the right thing to do, it makes good business sense. When our people reflect the diversity of our communities in which we operate, we strengthen our opportunities in connections with customers and policyholders. Now, I will hand the program off to Fred and Max. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thanks, Dan. I am going to touch briefly on conditions in the second quarter, how we are tracking to COVID-19 stress testing assumptions and an update on key initiatives in Japan and in the U.S. In Japan, we track data coming from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, as well as the COVID-19 subcommittee of the Cabinet Advisory Council for infectious disease. As of July 27th, there were approximately 30,500 cases and 1,000 deaths in all of Japan. Our stress test assumed a midpoint estimate of 1.2 million confirmed cases and 100% hospitalization rate consistent with Japan’s infectious disease guidelines. When applied to our book of medical policies and assuming an average of 20 days in hospitalization, the result was a potential impact to our third sector benefit ratio of 50 basis points to 100 basis points in 2020. However, through the second quarter, Aflac Japan’s COVID-19 impact totaled only 626 claimants with claim payments totaling 138 million yen. For COVID hospitalization claims thus far, the average stay in a hospital is approximately 20 days, with two-thirds of claims in hospital and one-third at home or hotel-based hospitalization. In short, we are tracking well below any risk of stress conditions with no measurable COVID-19 impact to core ratios from paid claims. The impact is somewhat isolated to sales and a related uptick in persistency, which Max will comment on later. Turning to the U.S., the story of course, is very different. We continue to track the rate of reported cases, hospitalization and deaths from sources such as the CDC and Johns Hopkins. As a country, COVID-19 case levels in the U.S. now exceed 4.3 million, with deaths nearing 150,000. In addition, hospitalization rates in certain CDC red zones have been on the rise. Our U.S. stress test assumed 6.4 million confirmed cases in the U.S., 1.5 million hospitalizations and 150,000 deaths. In short, we are unfortunately tracking to our U.S. macro stress test assumptions. It is however important to understand the critical statistics that impact our business model that surround hospitalization and disability. Our stress test applied age-based hospitalization rates, with 40% of those hospitalized spending time in the ICU. We further assumed 75% of confirmed cases filed for short-term disability. The resulting stress test impacted our U.S. benefit ratio in the range of 300 basis points to 500 basis points for 2020. Through the end of the second quarter, U. S. actual U.S. COVID-19 claims now totaled 5,000 claimants, incurred claims in the quarter totaled $31 million with 70% representing COVID-specific increase in IBNR. The majority were filed under our short-term disability policies representing 80% of claimants and we have yet to see any expected increase in overall hospitalization and wellness claims. To give you perspective, COVID-19 incurred claims, excluding wellness benefits are coming in at 40% of our modeling assumptions. While still early, given a natural lag in filing claims, we suspect our favorable experience relative to stress test assumptions is partially attributed to the worksite and a younger population of policyholders, with a lower level of co-morbidity or preexisting conditions. As Dan noted in his comments, the impact of COVID-19 incurred claims in the quarter [Technical Difficulty] was more than offset by a temporary reduction in routine doctor and hospital visits driving down our benefit ratios. We believe this is largely timing related and not likely to change our view of expected lifetime loss ratios. In fact, while still below pre-COVID volume, we have seen frequency of claims rise in the last few weeks of June and into July. Recall that in the U.S., we are stressing persistency, which has historically [Technical Difficulty] unemployment. We have thus far seen limited impact to cash receipts and persistency, and believe this is somewhat supported by the Paycheck Protection Act that is set to expire August 8th. As Dan mentioned, premium grace periods are still in place in many states, thus somewhat supporting persistency. We see the third quarter as a critical period with state regulatory orders expiring and further stimulus under consideration. A key pressure point for our U.S. business model as we enter 2021 is earned premium. We are, therefore, focusing on retention efforts that include proactive outreach to policyholders, conversion of payroll deduction to direct bill and campaigns to work with the employers and employees on how best to leverage health and wellness benefits. We are also naturally focused on expenses, carefully regulating staffing models and giving investment priority to initiatives designed to drive a lower cost structure. Turning to Aflac Global investments, we remain focused on asset quality, monitoring global economic conditions and sourcing new investment opportunities in this low interest rate environment. Our firm view is that we will experience a check mark shaped recovery, meaning a slow road to recovery with pockets of volatility along the way. We have moved away from the notion of a V-shaped or even U-shaped recovery, as the basis for tactical asset allocation, capital management and maintaining a cautious credit view. Therefore, our tactical approach has included further derisking activity, on vulnerable exposures. While net investment income is tracking ahead of our original outlook guidance for 2020, we do see a slower build in our loan portfolios, as well as lower variable net investment income from alternative investments that we originally forecasted. While retaining more invested capital, we are also remaining more liquid, thus enjoying very little contribution to net investment income. We continue to explore ways to optimize our approach to currency hedging and just this week completed locking in a portion of our hedge costs for 2021, given a low relative hedge cost environment. Finally, this is the first quarter recognizing income from our Varagon strategic investment, booking $4 million of income through our corporate segment and integrating their investment expertise into our investment strategy. While modest, we see our tactical approach to strategic investments as a natural extension of our external manager platform and an area of growth in sourcing new investment opportunities, while taking minority stakes in attractive asset management franchises. Let me switch gears and comment briefly on key initiatives within our insurance segments. Despite an understandable focus on COVID, we continue to push forward on significant initiatives in readying our platform for future growth and efficiency. On our first quarter call, I noted our paperless initiative in Japan, specifically in our Policyholder Services division. We have completed further analysis and now intend to expand beyond Policyholder Services to a broad commitment across all operations in Japan. Our decision to expand the scope is driven by economic return, but also to improve business continuity and work-from-home capacity, while reducing our carbon footprint, which is consistent with our commitment to ESG. This is a three-year and roughly 10 billion yen investment that is front-end loaded with approximately 40% to 50% of the investment targeted for 2020. The expanded and accelerated scope is expected to reduce the production and circulation of 80 million pieces of paper per year with run rate savings in the range of 3 billion yen annually once completed. Our product pipeline is also a key work stream in Japan and we have altered our strategy to recognize launching new product in 2020 as suboptimal given the reduced face-to-face sales environment. This strategy also recognizes conditions at key banking, post office and other agent driven alliance partners. While critical work will be accomplished in 2020, we plan to re-launch our enhanced cancer product early in the fourth quarter and have postponed the timing of our new medical product to early 2021. Turning to the U.S., we accelerated certain investments specific elements of our digital roadmap into 2020. These initiatives include advancing virtual tools as part of the rollout of our refreshed small business enrollment platform, allowing our agents to be more productive in a virtual-engaged model. Group ecosystem investments to automate account on-boarding and in advance of integrating our Zurich Group Benefit acquisition, advancing My Aflac digital self-service, both web and mobile for more intuitive customer experience and to reduce reliance on expensive call center support. And then, finally, investment in digital claims automation, requiring an agile approach from product design to ultimate payment of claims. These investments are multi-year and larger in scale, the total incremental or accelerated investment in 2020 is approximately $25 million. The build-out of U.S. Network Dental and Vision remains on track. We have successfully filed our new Network Dental and Vision products in 40 states and expect to ramp-up as we move towards 2021. Very important is the introduction of this product into our new enrollment tools to drive small business opportunities, including further penetration and improved persistency. Our consumer markets platform remains on track with product filings underway and systems work to ensure a digital end-to-end experience. We are currently offering accident, critical illness and cancer products on our platform, as well as partnering on other third-party digital platforms. In terms of our March announcement on Zurich Benefits, we continue to track towards closing later in the year with good progress on the regulatory approvals and day one integration planning. We are very excited about welcoming the Zurich team to Aflac and are focused on limiting any disruption as the acquired business strives to hit existing growth targets. In both Japan and the U.S., we view 2020 as a critical year of execution and readying for 2021, and hopefully, the other side of this devastating pandemic. I will now pass on to Max to discuss our financial performance in more detail. Max?
Max Brodén: Thank you, Fred. Let me begin with a review of our second quarter performance and focus on how our core capital and earnings drivers have developed over the past quarter. As was the case when we announced first quarter earnings, the timing and magnitude of the COVID-19 impact on 2020 earnings continue to be uncertain. For the second quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 13% to $1.28, driven primarily by favorable benefit ratios in the U.S. The strengthening yen impacted earnings in the quarter by $0.01. As a result, adjusted earnings per share on a currency-neutral basis rose 12% to $1.27 per share. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses grew 7.5% and the adjusted ROE, excluding the foreign currency impact was a strong 16.3%, a significant spread above our cost of capital. There were no one-time items to call out for normalizing purposes in the quarter. As expected, given the market conditions, our alternative investment portfolio recorded a loss in the quarter of $7 million and was approximately $20 million below our long-term return expectations for the portfolio adjusted for the J-curve. We have a modest but building portfolio, which currently stands at $657 million. Turning to our Japan segment. Total earned premium for the quarter declined 2.5%, reflecting first sector policies paid-up impacts, while earned premium for our first sector protection and third sector products was flat year-over-year. Japan’s total benefit ratio came in at 69.8% for the quarter, up 90 basis points year-over-year and the third sector benefit ratio was 59.6%, up 110 basis points year-over-year. The main driver for the increase was lower lapses associated with policyholders updating their coverage, which tends to lead to reserve releases, boosting current quarter results by lowering the benefit ratio. Given the current lower new business activity, this naturally pushes up our benefit ratio due to lower reserve releases, decreases DAC amortization and improves reported persistency. We did experience all of this in the second quarter, manifested by our persistency improving 70 basis points year-over-year. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20%, down 60 basis points year-over-year. In the current environment, we did incur lower acquisition expenses like lower promotional spend and lower surrenders brought down our DAC monetization, as previously mentioned. We view this as primarily timing related and would expect our expense ratio to increase when a new business environment normalizes. Net investment income increased 2% in yen terms, despite lower variable investment income, driven primarily by higher allocation to U.S. dollar floating rate assets early in the year. The pre-tax margin for Japan in the quarter was a strong 22%. Turning to our U.S. results. Earned premium was down 0.1% due to weaker sales results and a flat persistency year-over-year. Our total benefit ratio came in at 44.3%, 590 basis points lower than Q2 2019, driven by reduced claims from accidents, less wellness basics and elective surgeries. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 35.3%, up 50 basis points year-over-year, as the inclusion of Argus and direct-to-consumer digital investments structurally had increased the expense ratio by 140 basis points. Lower sales bonus, travel and expenses associated with claims adjudication were a meaningful offset to the Argus consolidation and lower earned premiums. Net investment income in the U.S. was down 4.4% due to capital management actions in December 2019, leading to a reduced invested balance and 13 basis points contraction in portfolio yield year-over-year. Profitability in the U.S. segment was boosted by the previously discussed benefit ratio, leading to a pre-tax profit margin of 25.7% in Q2, up 510 basis points year-over-year. As Fred noted, we are carefully monitoring persistency in the U.S., as premium grace periods expire and economic particularly unemployment conditions develop. We expect the combination of reduced sales and persistency to weigh on revenue during the second half of 2020 and more materially as we enter 2021. We expected earned premium decline in the range of minus 3% to flat for the full year of 2020 and we will update our forecast for 2021 later in the year, given the number of variables involved. In our Corporate segment, amortized hedge income contributed $27 million on a pre-tax basis to the quarter’s earnings and we had an ending, notional position of approximately $5 billion. Our capital position remains strong and we ended the quarter with an SMR of above 900% in Japan and an RBC of approximately 600% in Aflac Columbus. Holding company liquidity stood at $4.7 billion, $2.7 billion above our minimum balance. In terms of credit conditions in our insurance general account, we took further derisking actions, selling out of approximately $320 million of COVID exposed securities, triggering a realized loss of $45 million. While total impairments and losses may appear elevated, the $166 million net investment loss includes an increase in CECL reserves of $161 million, reflecting ratings downgrades and calibrating our third-party model inputs for COVID-driven economic conditions. We remain cautious in regards to both the economic outlook and spread of COVID-19, leading us to retain more capital in our subsidiaries as a first line of defense in case of any sudden deterioration in capital markets or virus related claims. At this point, we deem it more efficient to temporarily hold capital at the subsidiary level versus at the holding company. It is the flexibility in our capital structure and capital resources that gives us this option, while continuing to deploy capital to the benefit of our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. In the second quarter, we repurchased $188 million of our stock. Going forward, we will continue to be tactical around both our capital structure and deployment in order to drive a balanced risk adjusted return on capital within the company. Now, let me turn it over to David to begin Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Max. Now we are ready to take your questions. But first let me ask you to please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. Fran, we will now take the first question. Fran, are we open to take questions. We are not hearing anything?
Operator: Yes. We definitely are. We had a delay there. [Operator Instructions] Thank you so much. Our first is from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan. Sir, your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. So I had a question on your sales in the U.S. and it doesn’t seem like there was much of an improvement in sales as you went through the quarter. But as businesses are opening up, are you seeing your sales recover or if the companies are still reluctant to have agents come in and try to sell to their employees. So just any sort of color on what’s going on, obviously, in the fourth quarter, the broker sales will pick up. But any color on the agency channel and I think last quarter you had given some guidance on April sales, if you have anything similar to July?
Dan Amos: Teresa, would you like to answer that?
Teresa White: Yeah. I will start and then I will pass it to Rich. Certainly, I think, the environment is impacting the sales results and specifically in the small case market, we see it being more pronounced. As we see states start to open back up and our sales teams starting to adjust, I think, they are trying to find the right balance between safety and productivity and so from an Aflac perspective, what we are attempting to do is provide support, ensuring that the accounts -- that our accounts and their employees have information for the sales teams. We are equipping them with information to provide to accounts. And this is really to get activity, get people back out and get people to utilizing their virtual tools, while also we are working to preserve the distribution platform for our agents, specifically by providing loans, technology and training, preparing for a virtual sales environment. So we do realize that it’s going to take time for adoption. I will let Rich speak specifically on the quarter and go forward. Rich?
Rich Williams: All right. Thank you, Theresa. So specifically to the question, in the month of July, we have definitely seen levels that are better than what we experienced in the second quarter, but clearly not at pre-pandemic levels. As we think about the second half of the year, very consistent with guidance we have shared. We tend to see more broker sales in the second half of the year and in larger cases. And so the larger case market is more receptive to virtual enrollment and so we do expect to see some progress there, obviously, in the smaller business market, it will just simply depend on businesses availability and adoption of virtual enrollment. But as Teresa mentioned, the long-term play is to recover our distribution platforms for 2021 going forward to use the virtual tools that we have had for many years and really just to pivot to a new way of doing business.
Fred Crawford: Jimmy, this is Fred. One other thing and Rich can comment on this. But one other dynamic that we are experiencing is recruiting. Recruiting normally strengthens during weak employment periods. That’s been our history through say normal economic cycles and it’s no different here. We can see a tick-up in eligible recruits and recruiting activity during weakness in the economy. The problem is a unique one, and that is the licensing processes at the state level are often closed or slow to operate with backlog. Some of that is related to gathering people for more larger licensing processing. And so because we recruit so many people across the country that come to us without previous insurance experience, that licensing becomes critical. It’s very different if you had a model that was recruiting previously licensed agents away from other insurance carriers, et cetera, that’s not our model. So we also would like to see that open up as time goes on at the state level and that would help with the natural volume of new sales that comes as you bring in new recruits.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And any comments on what you might have seen in Japan since the end of the quarter or as things are getting at least a little bit better than they were earlier?
Dan Amos: All right. Japan, who would like to take that? Koji?
Koji Ariyoshi: So during the state of emergency declaration in May, shops were shutdown and we were not able to conduct face-to-face sales. So we were in a very difficult position. And we have been continuing non face-to-face solicitation through phones and mail. And since June, after the state of emergency declaration has been lifted in Japan, we follow -- we have been following the guidelines issued from the government, as well as Life Insurance Association of Japan in terms of prevention of infection and we have gradually started our solicitation through face-to-face. Our shops have resumed or reopened. Now that the shops have been reopened for a while, the number of customers and the traffic coming into shops are on the increase. In June, we had about 50% of customers compared with our normal times coming into our shops and in July we are back to 70%. However, we are still not at a point where we had lots of customers coming in pre-COVID-19. And at the same time, face-to-face solicitation is also recovering as well, I mean, it is very gradual that we are starting. And because face-to-face solicitation is very challenging under the current COVID-19 situation. And since it’s very difficult to see customers face-to-face directly, what we are doing is developing a tool to have virtual face-to-face meeting with customers using digital tools on the web. And we are trying to develop this tool so that the tool itself will allow the concluding of the entire process to the application for the insurance policy. And this tool and this kind of activity is -- we are taking this activity ahead of others. So what we would like to do is to really strengthen our response capability to customers under the new normal after the COVID or -- during the COVID-19 because of the current situation. So what we are planning to do is, of course, continue to use our phones and mails as we did in our previous or the current non-face-to-face environment. But we would also like to be adding like a virtual face to face through the web and then, perhaps, have the application be submitted through this virtual web face -- non-face-to-face tool. That’s all for me.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next is from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. And your line is open.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. A question related to the U.S. health benefit ratio. I think you talked about the deferral treatments have helped some of the have delayed some of the expected claim activity, but you assume some normalization. I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit more about your kind of expectations for your claims experience for the second half of the year?
Dan Amos: Yeah. We -- what we are seeing is, I think, what you are starting to see across the industry as more companies report and that is there’s been the natural putting off, if you will, of routine doctor, dentist and more routine hospital visits due to the shelter-in-place and general concerns over COVID. And we are, in fact, starting to see that open back up again in select areas of the country, where people are coming back in and we are starting to see claims pick up, particularly in the last week or so of the quarter and then into July. What I would say, is that we are still traveling at levels lower year-over-year than the claims experience in those products last year this time. So they have not recovered back up to what we would call a normal level. But they are certainly more elevated than what we experienced in the early part through, say, midway into the second quarter. What we are doing, however, is also very important and that is we are proactively reaching out to employees and employers to remind them of the benefits that they have in our policies how to consider whether or not they are eligible or have a qualified event and can file a claim, how easy it is to file a claim, how quickly the money comes directly to them. And in particular, we are focused on wellness claims, which are attached to many of our policies, but most notably our accident policy. And by proactively reaching out to policyholders to remind them that if they did in fact go to see the doctor or dentist on a routine measure or they plan to remember that they have got a wellness benefit, which will typically reimburse them to the tune of, say, $60 or so by visit. Historically, we have done this on a kind of a state-by-state basis at times and usually what we find is that there will be a pickup in utilization, which you would expect, but we also hope to achieve better persistency by reminding people of their benefits. The key time to do this is in fact typically in the third quarter, not just because of COVID dynamics, but because that’s also about the time when people are reviewing with their employer, their benefits and considering whether to sign up again. It’s also particularly important for us right now because it’s a way to moderate to some degree the risk of these state orders falling off throughout the quarter, as well as the possibility of stimulus falling off. So we would expect to do some outreach in the third quarter. We would expect that to increase utilization. It’s very difficult to project it and so we can’t really guide on what we expect. But we think those activities will recover some of the benefit ratio in the second half.
Humphrey Lee: That’s helpful. Shifting gears to kind of the investment portfolio. So in Max prepared remarks you talked about there are some CECL allowance in the quarter. My understanding is that it’s largely for the middle market loan portfolio. Can you talk about for the balance of your portfolio kind of what percentage of that is on kind of potential downgrade you watch right now?
Max Brodén: So, this is, as you mentioned, it’s predominantly in the middle-market loan portfolio that we did experience some rating migration. We are not going to speak to specifically on any breaking down the whole portfolio, what is sort of on any sort of watch list. But I would say that the two categories that primarily is driving the CECL reserve to increase if the middle-market loan portfolio and the transitional real estate portfolio. Those are the two asset classes that primarily drove that. Of the $161 million of this generic increase in the CECL reserve, about half of it was driven by ratings and about half is driven by updated economic outlook input into the model. And keep in mind that this model is a third-party model that we utilize and there is a lag impact. So you may question, why is the increase coming now, not at the end of the first quarter. It’s really because there’s a moving window in terms of data that goes into the model, and obviously, we now have greater weight on two quarters of, let’s call it, COVID related economic input and outlook and that’s really what’s driving it.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next is from Andrew Kligerman with Crédit Suisse. And sir, your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hi. Good morning. Thinking about Japan Post, just given the tremendous disruption that they have had. How are things moving along with them on the regulatory front, customer perceptions? And when might they get back on it -- assuming we could get beyond COVID-19 pressures, when might they get back on a track that was consistent with, say, 2017 or 2018 in terms of sales?
Dan Amos: Well, I will start and then maybe Aflac Japan will want to make some comments as well. I think our relationship with Aflac, I mean, with Japan Post and Masuda-san is good as it could possibly be. They are positive. They are very interested in the new technology and the ability to use digital to help. In my opinion, they are wrapping up all phases of past issues, because you have got a new management team. I think the press is pretty much seen and heard everything and now it’s just been repetitive. So I am hoping that by, certainly, end of August, September, it will kind of finish out and then they will move forward. Now how the impact of that will go in regard to COVID and the ability to sell is uncertain. But the willingness on their part to want to sell and move forward is very positive. And I think they would like to see the numbers go back to where they were as well, of course, not only for sales but also being a large shareholder themselves. They are interested in that. So what I would say is, is we are well-positioned. We are looking forward to that movement and I think they are as well. So let me turn the program over to Koide to see what else he might want to add in that regard.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide from Aflac Japan. Currently, Japan Post Group is prioritizing their activities to win back the customers trust. So Aflac Japan, of course, is supporting their activities, and for example, helping them with conducting training to really have focused on more customer-oriented activities. Under these circumstances today Japan Time -- the Japan Post Group companies, they are Japan Post Holdings, Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance called the press conference to announce various things.
Dan Amos: All right.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. And then just shifting over to capital management, I think, Max, used the term tactical with regard to…
Masatoshi Koide: Excuse me, may I continue? This is Koide.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay.
Dan Amos: Go ahead Koide.
Masatoshi Koide: Okay. All right. So let me repeat again. Today, Japan Time, the CEOs of the three Japan Post Group companies, Japan Post Holdings, Japan Post Company and Japan Post Insurance held a press conference. And the announcement that they have made in the press conference was the disciplinary actions of our sales representatives. So for the first time related to the inappropriate sales, this announcement makes clear Japan Post framework apply disciplinary action to address the market conduct issues in response to stakeholder demand. And then given the current status and the announcement that they have made, Japan Post Holdings CEO, Mr. Masuda said, that with this clarity on Japan Post framework for disciplinary action, the Japan Post Group has largely met the five evaluation criteria established by the Japan Post Reform Execution Committee for resuming sales activities. And he also stated the decision to restart sales will be made by the Board of Directors of the three Japan Post Group companies possibly within August or September. Having said that, once the decision to resume sales is made, Japan Post will begin with customer visits to express apologies. So against that backdrop, we expect it will take some time before sales of Aflac cancer Insurance to begin in earnest. And the disciplinary actions that were announced today were on the sales of Japan Post Insurance products and has nothing to do with the sale of Aflac Cancer products. And that is the current state of Japan Post.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Koide. Now we have the second part to that question.
Andrew Kligerman: Yeah. No. Just kind of shifting real quickly over to Max’ comment that he wanted to be tactical on capital management. You did about $188 million of buybacks in the quarter, which relative to other companies in respect it is quite strong. For this gap, I think, it’s [ph] about half the level that you have done historically, maybe a little less. So could I take tactical to mean that that’s probably the level you will going at over the next few quarters until you can get visibility on COVID-19 and maybe can you [Technical Difficulty] it down?
Max Brodén: So Andrew, tactical, that word means tactical. We have by any matter very strong capital positions in our operating subsidiaries, and very strong capital and liquidity at the holding company. But we also recognize that the economic environment continues to be very uncertain and also the spread of the virus, obviously, is clearly linked to that. And I would say that until we get better clarity, we will continue to be fairly cautious in terms of how we deploy capital. But we will also look for opportunities and when we see that we would have a good opportunity and we think that the risk reward given all the risks out there is appropriate or is good for us, we will deploy capital. All this means that we may have -- if you think about the run rate we were running at the second quarter, we may decrease the buyback going forward. We may keep it at the current level and we may even increase it. But at this point, given everything that is going on and all the uncertainty out there, we want to keep all options available to us.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Dan Amos: We will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our last question then is from Mr. John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Sir, your line is open.
John Barnidge: Thank you. Could you talk about how you approach the rollout of Dental and Vision nationally beginning in January when individuals are largely underutilizing dental benefits possibly catch up in 2021 and then how do you manage the pricing and rollout of such? Thank you.
Fred Crawford: Sure. John, I will -- just a couple of quick things and then I will hand off to Rich and he can spell out the rollout. But just note that, we do have a dental product out there right now, which is our historical indemnity product and that continues to sell. It represents only about 3% of our earned premium and around 4% of our sales. Where we are going with the Argus acquisition and then the rollout of Dental and Vision is with a true network Dental and Vision, which is just in the building mode. I think we have, for example, this year we are targeting something less than $5 million in sales of that product once we get up and running. As mentioned in my comments, we have got the product actually rolled out and approved in 40 states, which is a more significant task or undertaking than you might think on the surface, particularly in the current environment, so we are quite pleased with that. And now we will start to be in a better position come 2021 to rollout. So, with that, Rich, why don’t you take it from here in terms of how we see the rollout.
Rich Williams: Okay. Thank you, Fred. And as everyone will recall, last year at our financial analyst briefing and our outlook, we talked about 2020 being a measured rollout of Aflac Dental and Vision. And we are pleased to say, consistent with Fred’s comments that we have done that here in 2020 rolling out the product in 10 states in significant areas for our distribution. So 2020 really is the burn in and the implementation for our field training, our enrollment platform and making sure that we have a very favorable experience for our customers and for our agents and our brokers. So 2021 will be the actual ramp up of the volume for Aflac Dental and Vision and we are on track to have the national rollout in 2021.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Fred. And just before we conclude our call today, I wanted to remind you that we have combined financial analyst -- combined our financial analyst briefing, as well as our 2021 outlook call for a special webcasted event on November 19th in that morning and we will have more details on that. We hope you will join us. And please feel free to contact Investor Relations for more information with any questions that you may have before then and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
Operator: This conference has concluded. Again, thank you for your participation. Please go ahead and disconnect. Thank you very much.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor Relations.
David Young: Thank you, Brittany. Good morning, and welcome to Aflac Incorporated first quarter call. As always, we have posted our earnings release and financial supplement to investors.aflac.com. There you will also find slides relevant to today's remarks. This morning, we will be hearing remarks about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and United States amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, will begin by discussing the impact of the pandemic and our response. Fred Crawford, President and COO of Aflac Incorporated, will then touch briefly on conditions in the first quarter before providing perspective on future clinic exposure to COVID-19 and commenting on our Group Benefits acquisition. Then Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments will provide investment highlights from the quarter, including an update on our investment portfolio and related stress test. Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will conclude our prepared remarks with a summary of first quarter financial results and current capital and liquidity. Joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in United States. Teresa White, President of Aflac U. S.; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; and Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary. We are joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo as well at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on the company’s Investors site, investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. Normally, I’d begin by providing a high-level view of the quarter and how we performed, but we're in an unusual and unprecedented time. Instead, I want to start by thanking all of those who are on the front lines fighting the spread of COVID-19 and those who are providing essential services including our own employees. We truly appreciate all that you do. Our thoughts and prayers are also with those who are among the confirmed cases. This is a challenging time but we will get through it together. Let me start by addressing our enterprise-wide COVID-19 response efforts. The guiding focus of our actions has centered around; first, the health and safety of our employees and distribution partners; second, the well being of our policy holders; third, the business community and maintaining our operations; and fourth, prudent financial and risk management. I will concentrate on how we're protecting our people, operations and brand and ask Fred, Eric and Max to collectively cover how we've positioned from an operational, financial and risk perspective. First, I want to note that we took early actions when the news of the virus broke. We benefited from Japan providing us with an early window into the potential response efforts as they were about three weeks ahead of the U. S. in combating the spread of the virus. We also benefited from the Board expertise, specifically long time director, Dr. Barbara Rimer, who is the dean and Alumni Distinguished Professor of Gillings School of Public Health at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She advised us back in early February about the emerging threat of the virus. Early on, we implemented travel restrictions, shifted to working remotely and installed several social-distancing measures, both in Japan and the United States. Japan remains ahead of many countries with respect to COVID-19 with 14,000 confirmed cases and 400 related deaths as of yesterday. We see several possible reasons for this, including existing social norms of wearing mask, not shaking hands. In addition, Japan jumped out early having to deal with the cruise ship, Diamond Princess, and prepare for the Olympic games. Finally, it's worth noting that Japan is taking a more measured approach to testing, focused on sympathetic cases and localized to where outbreaks have been identified. Despite these factors, cases have been on the rise resulting in the Prime Minister declaring a national state-of-emergency through the end of golden week holidays on May 6th and possibly extending further. Along with economic stimulus packages, the state of emergency includes a requirement for business to reduce employees at the work site by 70%. COVID 19 is now classified as an infectious disease requiring doctors to prescribe hospital care. Further, the Japanese government recognized that the potential shortage of hospital beds, and is allowing doctors to instruct a patient with symptoms to receive medical treatments outside the hospital consistent with government policy and industry guidelines and standards. Aflac Japan and other major domestic life insurance companies announced that hospitalization benefits will be paid for the period, a test by a doctor if a patient receives medical treatment at an alternative accommodation or a temporary facility. I'm sure most of you are all familiar with the U. S. government's actions and state by state shelter in place restrictions. From a state regulatory environment several states have issued executive orders directing premium grace periods and guidance on treating policy holders with care. In both the United States and Japan, we have taken action in response to COVID-19 to help mitigate risks to our employees, policy holders and communities. We have ramped up work at home staffing models with more than 75% of our on site employees in Japan, and more than 90% of our employees in the U. S. working from home. I'm pleased to report that we have had little in the way of disruption in operations. And while not optimal, we have adapted very well. We have adjusted our approach to employee benefits to accommodate the need for extended pay leave and to account for school closing. In terms of policy holders, we have liberalized how we pay claims to include such things as expanded definition of hospitalization, accepting telemedicine diagnosis from doctors and even documentation requirements. We have offered premium payment grace periods with no risk of cancellation, and following any regulatory guidelines or suggested practices. Given our strong relationships with the health care industry in both Japan and the United States, we recently announced additional contributions to help provide support to combat the virus in both countries. In the U. S., our contribution of $5 million supports medical device shortages, particularly as it relates to ventilators and protective mask and humanitarian aid to the 50 state organizations. This aid will be used to provide personal protection equipment and essential medical items for health workers responding to the coronavirus. Similarly, Aflac Japan is also making a charitable contribution in equivalent of approximately $5 million to Japan Medical Association, and identified local municipalities and supportive medical professionals on the front lines fighting COVID-19. With this donation, Aflac Japan hopes to help foster improvements and enhance the work environment for medical institutions and healthcare professionals in Japan. Turning to the first quarter production and beginning with Japan. Total sales were down 25.4% in the first quarter, recognizing last year's quarter was prior to Japan Post running into the challenges. Japan Post made up the majority of the decline and as they remained focused on rebuilding the trust of customers and installing high quality governance and compliance processes. With respect to what we're seeing in April, total sales are down in the range of 65%, reflecting a full month’s impact of reduced activity related to COVID-19 and Japan Post having been a full strength in 2019 period. We have taken steps to defend our distribution franchise in Japan. We have focused our attention on our exclusive agency relationships and walk-in shops impacted by the virus. Actions in place or under review include extending interest free loans to the agencies. For walk in sales shops, we're offering to provide rent assistance. Recognizing the face to face sales will be a challenge, we are remaining active in generating business focusing on direct mail and calling campaigns to existing and perspective customers. In addition, we are promoting digital and web based sales to groups. We are also preparing to introduce the new system that enables smartphone based insurance applications by allowing the customer and Aflac operator see the same screen through the smartphones. In the U. S., total sales were down 5.2% in the quarter. Recruiting of career agents was up 2.5% for the first quarter, and average weekly producers’ productivity increased 4.9%. Recognizing our production model in the U. S. relies heavily on face to face agent interaction at the work site and is small business oriented, we are being hit hard by temporary closures of businesses and lack of access to the work site. In April, sales were down in the range of 55% and we are actively working to adjust. In the U. S., we have focused on our agency channel. For example, providing zero interest rate loans to qualified producers, helping agents pivot to digital solutions, which include training and recruiting. It's important to remember the more successful agents are in fact independent small business owners and are suffering through the same dynamics you're reading about with respect to the U. S. economy. On a positive note, we continue to build out our digital consumer market platform. Also, our recent definitive agreement to acquire Zurich Group Benefits business allows us to expand our distribution reach and extend our appeal to brokers and large employers. Fred will cover more of this a little later. Just to wrap things up, let me say the way a company responds during an unprecedented times like this truly defines the company and its brand. Our people come first and that includes our employees, our sales force, the policy holders and the communities in which we operate. In doing so, we create value for the shareholders. As I often say, the product we sell is an intangible product. It is nothing more than a promise on a piece of paper that we will be there for the policy holder when they need us most. So for many that time of need is right now. Our policy holders have put their trust in Aflac to come through. And I am proud to say that we will be there when they need us most, because that's who we are and what we do. Finally, I've always said that with change comes opportunities. With all the changes that we're seeing, we think there will be opportunity, not just to survive but to thrive. So with that, I'll turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. I'm going to touch briefly on conditions in the first quarter and key variables we are tracking, provide some perspective on future claims exposure to COVID-19 and comment on our Group Benefit acquisition, which we expect to close later this year. As you can see from our first quarter results, we entered this crisis with strong margins, both in Japan and the U. S. We have the capacity to absorb a period of elevated claims, while maintaining important investments in our franchise. In terms of Japan, COVID-19 claims in the quarter amounted to ¥1.8 million. We also increased our medical product IBNR reserves to include ¥500 million specific to COVID-19. Taken together, there was very little impact from the claims related to the virus in the quarter. Thus far, in the month of April, we have paid out approximately ¥8 million in COVID-19 claims. As we look at expenses for the rest of the year, we expect downward pressure related to reduced overall activity, offset by a decision to accelerate ¥2 billion investment in our going paperless in our policyholder services operation. This paperless initiative is important for ongoing efficiency, supporting our distribution partners as they move towards digital production and business continuity in the current environment. Turning to the U. S., we had very little in the way of COVID-19 claims during the first quarter, but did add approximately $3 million to IBNR reserves specific to COVID-19 and based on disclosed infection rates as of the quarter end. Thus far in the month of April, we have paid a total of $1 million in COVID-19 related claims. As we look at the U. S. expense dynamics, we would expect expenses to remain stable as we push forward on key growth initiatives and factor in the Zurich Group Benefits acquisition later this year. Key initiatives surrounding improvements to our agent online enrollment tool, the conversion to our new group administrative platform, our efforts on the build out of network, dental and vision and digital direct-to-consumer, all remain on track. The initiatives have never been more important when considering the current benefits of diversification in product, distribution and market segmentation. I would add one final point on expenses. As Dan pointed out in his remarks, we are taking action to defend our franchise in Japan and the U. S. during this period of uncertainty. This includes actions to support our employees, policy holders, distribution partners and the communities we serve. While not material overall, these actions will play into our segment and corporate expenses for 2020, and are essential in being positioned to respond when markets recover. The first quarter reflects strength in benefit ratios and is consistent with our original outlook for 2020, depicted here on Slide 5. However, that outlook obviously did not contemplate COVID-19 and therefore, does not represent reliable guidance as we sit here today. Let me give you an idea of the variables when considering the remainder of 2020. In Japan, COVID-19 cases are very low relative to the U. S. but trends are up and uncertain. A key variable is Japan's declaration of a state-of-emergency and the life and health insurance industry's approach to infectious disease treatment and associated hospitalization coverage. In the U. S. along with uncertainty on the trends and COVID-19 rates of infection, we need to carefully track the rate of hospitalization, movement into intensive care and percentage of infected filing for short-term disability. Another important variable in the U.S. is persistency and the impact of high unemployment levels. The next few quarters will be significant in terms of providing us a window into the rest of the year and outlook for 2021, which then naturally leads us to a discussion of stress testing. If you look at Slide 6, our overall approach to stress testing seeks to inform our decision making along with ensuring we defend the following during periods of high volatility; keeping our promise to policy holders in a time of need; protecting our strong insurance ratings and access to capital; maintaining our strong regulatory standing and communication; ensuring no disruption to our core franchise and planned investments; and finally, defending our 37-year track record of increasing the common stock dividend. I'll focus my comments on the stress testing of claims exposure. Eric will cover investments and Max will tie together and testing our overall capital position. Let me start by saying that, while we have included stress on mortality, our risk is naturally concentrated in morbidity experience. We are tracking the rate of reported cases, hospitalization and deaths from sources, such as the CDC and Johns Hopkins. We are factoring in third-party forecasting models, like the IHME model and any associated revisions. We treat this as a rapid rate of rise in confirmed cases, so we accelerate the impact into 2020 for additional stress. We then build in a significant stress margin. Once bounced up against our enforced policies, we make one last adjustment to building a range around the point estimate. In terms of Japan, the focus is on morbidity exposure and our block of medical policies. Our testing in Japan assumes a mid-point estimate of 1.2 million confirmed cases or 1% of the population and we have assumed a 100% hospitalization rate consistent with infectious disease guidelines and approximately 100,000 deaths. We assume on average 20 days in the hospital or related accommodations and run a wide range of outcomes to then build the range. Recognizing Japan has less than 15,000 reported cases and 500 deaths, we believe this to be a very conservative stress test. We estimate the potential stress impact to our Japan served sector benefit ratio in the range of 50 to 100 basis points in 2020. Turning to the U. S., key products that are subject to elevated claims include hospitalization and short-term disability. We also include ICU benefits that materially increase the daily hospitalization reimbursement rate. There are also wellness benefits that apply across a number of product sets that may see elevated claims. Our testing in the U. S. assumes a mid-point estimate of 6.4 million confirmed COVID-19 cases, 1.5 million hospitalizations and 150,000 deaths. We apply hospitalization rates of 20% beginning around age 20 then increasing to 70% for policy holders reaching age 80. Of those hospitalized, we assume approximately 40% will have time spent in the ICU. We have assumed 20 days in hospital with 10 days in the ICU. We further assume 75% of confirmed cases file for short term disability coverage for 30 days on average. Given the current and projected rate of hospitalization in the U. S., we believe this is a very conservative stress test. Furthermore, in the U. S. we are a work site company with the majority of our policy holders younger and healthier, driving a lower rate of hospitalization. We estimate a potential stress impact to our U. S. benefit ratio in the range of 300 to 500 basis points impact in 2020. One last sensitivity to touch on, persistency in the U. S. has historically been tied to unemployment. We have stressed unemployment levels to 20% and based on historical correlation to persistency, we could see 3% reduction in 2020 earn premium. Again, we believe this is a conservative view and we think economic stimulus actions design to support and stabilize small business and employment are helpful. Finally, our stress testing should not be taken as guidance. The testing applies a significant stress margin and isolates the impact of COVID-19 on our 2020 results, while holding all else equal, such as temporary conditions that may lower claims in this environment. We provide the study to better understand the difficulty in maintaining guidance on benefit ratios at this point and to give investors a sense of our ability to absorb a true pandemic test. We also use this information to guide our decision making around expense management, capital and liquidity. Let me switch gears and comment on our March announcement of our planned acquisition of Zurich Group Benefits business. For several years now, we have expressed interest in finding the right true group life and disability property. We have passed on a number of larger businesses that came to the market in favor of a buy to build strategy that reduces the capital at risk. This strategy also recognizes that our model in the U. S. is unique in that regardless of the size of the property, we will need to invest in order to properly leverage our voluntary and small to midsize business model. This strategic move has broad long-term positive economic benefits to Aflac, including cross-selling, persistency and deeper account penetration with our higher margin voluntary business. It is also not uncommon to bundle true group with dental and vision, so this investment furthers our network, dental and vision growth strategy. In the process, we're able to drive more expansive broker relationships and a total benefit solution. The Zurich business fits well with our strategy as a startup platform four years in the making with modern technology, best in class products and leave management capabilities, and a very experienced staff who understands this business. The current business is designed for the large case market where we intend on being a competitive alternative to the current market leaders in the space. We are taking a phased approach to integration with the first few years continuing the momentum that currently exists in the platform, and exploring opportunities as part of the Zurich network of international group carriers. Our second phase will combine with core Aflac voluntary solutions that fully exploits the breadth and depth of our products as we look to accelerate our current position in the mid case market. This phase will include network, dental and vision. Our final phase will be bringing the capabilities down market into the smaller employers and via our unique agency driven small business distribution model. The teams on both sides of the transaction are excited about what the possibilities can be armed with the Aflac brand, our voluntary capabilities and an expanded client list. The total consideration is less than 200 million, including capital in support of the business. However, we plan to invest a similar amount in the coming years to build the business to scale. In that regard, we expect $0.05 to $0.06 of dilution on an annualized run rate for the next three years as we build the business. I'll now pass on to Eric to discuss our investment portfolio, Eric?
Eric Kirsch: Thank you, Fred. We ended the first quarter in a strong asset quality position, which I will comment further on in a moment. Impairments experienced in the quarter were partly due to the adoption of a new accounting treatment for loan losses, which many of you know as CECL. This accounted for approximately half of our loss reserves. In addition, we impaired two energy names, both of which are below investment grade. Net investment income was modestly positive to our plans, a result of stable rates in Japan. And in the case of U. S. dollar loan portfolios, because we locked in the majority of our floating rate income and our associated hedge costs prior to the large drop in LIBOR. As we look forward, the low rate environment will be a headwind to net investment income. In addition, our full year 2020 plan presume certain deployment objectives for our middle market loan portfolio, which includes our recent strategic alliance with Varagon. We have seen that markets slow and do not currently expect to invest as much money in 2020, which will negatively impact income. As an offset to these challenges, we also expect to slow down in prepayments in our loan portfolio. Many of these higher yielding loans have LIBOR floors that protect our income against low rates. So, we expect to retain much of this protection in the current environment. We also expect out performance from our floating rate income hedges due to more loans hitting LIBOR floors, given the significant LIBOR decline. In terms of our alternative investment portfolio, namely private equity and real estate equity, we like the rest of the industry, are likely to experience lower returns in the second quarter as these results typically lag by quarter and track public equity valuation. Fortunately, since we have a relatively young portfolio, we entered this crisis with a relatively low allocation of approximately $600 million. With respect to our U. S. dollar hedging, we have not seen any meaningful impacts to the program since we locked in the majority of our FX forward costs for the year. In order to protect the SMR impact of unhedged dollar investments, we use costless collars with caps for extra protection against negative settlements in the event of an extreme yen weakening. With current market volatility, we have been tactical in our approach to the use of collars and caps, balancing capital protection with the potential for negative settlements. We currently have $9 billion of collars and associated caps in place. And while not material to overall investment income, we could see additional costs associated with maintaining this program throughout the year. Max will add his comments to this later in the call. We have executed on about $8.5 billion in derisking activity across our fixed income and public equity portfolio since 2015. Our activity includes reducing our energy exposure by about one third, lowering our overall BBB exposure, including 47% decline in BBB minus position, reducing about 1.4 billion of foreign angels and a continued reduction in concentrated and low rated private placements. We have tactically reduced our public equity portfolio by 888 million over this time as well. Our strategy had been to reduce credit and equity risk that might underperform during the slow down and shift in the credit cycle. Additionally, proceeds from derisking activity allowed us to accelerate our alignment with our strategic asset allocation plan. As a reminder, the SAA modeling provides guideposts for optimal portfolio allocation among asset classes considering risk tolerances and asset liability management. The reinvestment of derisking proceeds is reflected in our new money asset allocation, which align with greater diversification and capital efficiency serving to reduce overall risk and improve returns. While of course we did not envision COVID-19, we did have a view of the credit cycle emerging in 2020. And over the past few years, we have moved our portfolio into a relatively defensive position. Our portfolio is well diversified by asset class, has a high average quality rating of single A and is highly diversified by sectors. As you can see in the sector allocation chart, we have limited exposure to those sectors that we expect to be most impacted from COVID-19 and the economic slowdown. Continuing with our approach to stress testing, we have conducted a bottoms up loss analysis focused on risk assets in the most vulnerable sectors as defined by the nature of this crisis and where we are most likely to experience potential defaults. The analysis pictured here focuses on a universe of approximately $3.2 billion of our most concerning fixed maturity exposure given the nature of the COVID-19 economic crisis. Asset categories include BBB and lower rated energy exposure, travel and leisure sectors, the airline industry and casino gaming. In addition, we have identified approximately $1.4 billion of middle-market loans, most exposed in the current environment, and have stress tested $1.3 billion of transitional real estate. While this economic crisis is unprecedented and predicting the trajectory of the economy and recovery is difficult, we have taken a pretty bearish view in our credit stress test. For instance, we have assumed an extremely severe second quarter drop in economic activity, up 30% to 50% with just a modest pickup through year-end; revenue decline of 30% to 80% depending on the specific sector and companies; losses on our most sensitive below investment grade and middle-market loans of up to 20%; oil prices staying below $20 for most of the of the year as demand slowly recovers. Let me emphasize that the impacts to the global and U. S. economy are going to be highly volatile and very difficult to predict. We will continue to evaluate as more economic information becomes available along with the impacts to the sectors and companies in our portfolio. Our loss analysis estimates approximately $680 million in pre-tax potential losses. This equates to approximately 100 basis points of potential losses on our total fixed maturity and loan portfolios, of which fixed maturity corporates of 72 basis points. This compares to about 94 basis points using the Moody's market loss rate experience from the 2008 to 2010 financial crisis. We estimate about 16% default rate on our middle market loan portfolio, which is higher than the 12% experienced during the last crisis. This reflects what we believe is the severity of our stress test given the unprecedented economic impacts we know will occur to small and medium-size businesses across the country. For our transitional real estate portfolio, we estimate about 90 basis points of potential losses, mostly reflecting exposure to the hotel industry. I'll go into more detail on our loan portfolios in a moment. This stress test is a pure economic loss approach and unlike a capital stress test, does not take into account accounting driven losses, such as impairment and associated bright line tests or downgrade risk. Let me stress, these estimates are subject to change as we all learn more about economic consequences during this unprecedented shutdown of economies around the world. In summary, while it's natural to anticipate a higher level of defaults and losses, we are very well-positioned to address weakness on the asset side from an economic loss perspective. We have been building our middle-market and transitional real estate loan portfolios, favoring loan structures for shorter duration and favorable underwriting protection. Our middle market loans remained well-diversified, are entirely first lien, senior secured, have low leverage and come with natural protections, including loan covenants and collateral. Recognizing most of our middle-market loans are sourced via equity sponsors, there is the potential added protection that they will be a source of capital to bridge the short-term liquidity strains brought on by a steep drop in business activity. Our investment philosophy in this asset class has always been focused on disciplined underwriting and diversification. In addition, we take a regular CECL reserve of 203 basis points, reflecting that overtime we expect loan losses to occur. We are well-positioned entering into this credit cycle brought on by COVID-19. Our commercial real estate portfolio about 7.3 billion in size is 76% allocated to transitional real estate, and 24% to commercial mortgage loans. The portfolios are highly diversified by property type, geography and conservatively underwritten to average loan to values of 60%. We only hold loans secured by first lien on quality assets. We do not have any B-notes, mezzanine or other subordinated exposure and we do not utilize leverage against our loans. Because of these strong attributes, we anticipate the potential for only a small economic loss stemming from our transitional real estate debt holding. Transitional real estate is unique and that the quality of properties only improves from the moment we make our loan as a asset owner is transitioning the property to a more valuable state. This typically requires the owner ingest their capital before any loan capital is drawn, providing an important protection for our guests. TRE underwriting incorporates the property value at time of purchase, as well as the value upon completion of the business plan. The risk to the business plan includes costs to execute and prospects for success given the local market conditions and the strength of the sponsor, including their experience with the type of asset transition and their financial resources to ensure completion. We do expect to see many amendments to our loan, primarily offering short term relief from monthly cash interest payment in exchange for other protections. This is especially true for the $1.1 billion of hotel loans in our TRE portfolio. We believe the modest LTVs on solid assets supported by strong owners will cause our loss rate to be very low. Our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is a very high quality with an average rating equivalent of A plus. This portfolio is well diversified with an average loan size of $21 million, and our average LTV is right at a very low 50%. As such, we do not anticipate any losses from this segment of our commercial real estate debt portfolio. I will now turn the call over to Max.
Max Broden: Thank you, Eric. Let me start my comments with a review of our first quarter performance with a focus on how our core capital and earnings drivers are positioned heading into the COVID-19 crisis. For the first quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.21. The strengthening yen benefited earnings in the quarter by $0.01. As a result adjusted earnings per share on a currency neutral basis rose 7.1% to $1.20 per share. Adjusted book value per share, including foreign currency translation gains and losses, grew 8.9% and the adjusted ROE excluding foreign currency impact was a strong 15.8%. A significant spread over our cost of capital. There were no onetime items to call out for normalizing purposes in the quarter. Turning to our Japan segment. Total net premiums for the quarter declined 2.1%, reflecting perspective policies paid up impact and to pay medical policies sold in 2018 reaching paid up status, while net premiums for our served sector protection and served sector products was flat year-over-year. Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 69.4% for the quarter with served sector benefit ratio coming in at 59%. We did not experience any increased incidents rates in our cancer block this quarter as we did during the back end of last year. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20%, down 20 basis points year over year. In the current environment, we experienced lower promotional spend, which we view as primarily timing related and lower surrenders brought down our back amortization. Both factors contributing about the same to the decrease in the expense ratio, which was driven by strong expense discipline as revenues are under pressure. Net investment income increased 4% in yen terms despite variable investment income coming in at the lower end of plan, driven primarily by higher allocation to U. S. dollar floating rate assets. The pretax profit margin for Japan in the quarter was 22.5%. Turning to our U. S. segment. Total net premiums increased 1.5% despite weaker sales results and 100 basis decrease in persistency similar to our experience in Q4 of 2019. Our total benefit ratio coming at a strong 48.1%, 120 basis points lower than Q1 2019, driven by similar claims plans and mix of business with a continued shift toward our group and accident products. Our expense ratio in the U. S. was 38.4%, up 210 basis points year over year, primarily driven by our continued increased spending on digital capabilities and the inclusion of Argus and build out of Aflac network dental and vision, which structurally has increased the expense ratio by 140 basis points. Net investment income in the U. S. was flat. Profitability in the U. S. segment was impacted by the previously discussed elevated expense ratio leading to a pretax profit margin of 19.3% in Q1, down 40 basis points year over year. In our corporate segment, the main driver of improved results is higher levels of amortized hedge income, driven by our enterprise corporate hedging program. Amortized hedge income contributed $29 million on a pretax basis to the quarter’s earnings with an ending notional proposition of $5 billion. For 2020, we expect the quarter and another segment to record a prepretax loss for the full year in a range of $100 millionto $120 million. This incorporates increased interest expense from our recent global yen and U. S. dollar debt issuances of approximately $1.5 4 billion and increased philanthropic donations to support those individuals who are at the front line and fight against COVID-19. Our capital position remains strong and we ended the quarter with a headline SMR of approximately 881%, and 837% excluding unrealized gains in Japan. The estimated RBC was 550% for Aflac Columbus. Holding company liquidity stood at $4.8 billion for four months, including our recent $1 billion debt issuance. The low interest rate environment clearly adds earnings pressure, but our products generally have low interest rate sensitivity and our asset leverage is low, driving continued strong gross profit testing margins as we cash flow test products and blocks of our enforce. In short, while the first quarter is materially different than what we may face in the coming nine months, we entered this period of uncertainty with strong capital, liquidity, earnings and as Eric highlighted, strong asset quality. As Fred noted, we have been monitoring current conditions and making refinements to our stress testing. Fred discussed claims, stress testing and Eric addressed our asset loss analysis and estimates. In both cases, we have taken a practical approach with respect to current models on the spread of the virus and current economic views. When considering capital and liquidity stress testing, we take a more severe approach, more in alignment with what we share with regulators and rating agencies. Our approach to capital stress testing assumes a greater and more prolonged spread of the virus, which is roughly 6 times as severe as the stress Fred walked you through it. On the asset side, we combine Eric's economic loss analysis with changes in market value of bonds, impairments and downgrades, recognizing our core ratios can be impacted by these factors. We have assumed that market prices depends both the global financial crisis of 2008 and the 2016 oil shock. Then we have further refined the shock to various sectors in our portfolio by moderating and the impact to the financial sector, which has much improved liquidity since 2008. By increasing the assumed severity of the impact to COVID in vulnerable sectors, mainly travel, energy and middle market loans. This is arguably a very stressed scenario and certainly not our base case. But we do find it instructive to stress our balance sheet and capital plan with these kind of scenarios as it can inform us of how to utilize capital tools, enhance optionality and plan for capital deployments. Under this scenario and assuming that we shutdown share repurchase and retain capital in the insurance subsidiaries, we expect SMR to hold at or above 700% and RBC to hold at or above 400%. In addition, we expect holding company available cash and liquidity of over $3 billion through 2021. This scenario assumes no change in our franchise investment plans and defending our 37-year dividend growth track record. In light of our stress testing work, we have taken certain defensive steps to ensure stability on our core capital ratios and liquidity position. These include raising $1.54 billion in the global yen and U. S. senior debt markets. In both cases, we enjoyed favorable pricing and strong subscription levels. This move provides ample contingent capital and liquidity with a very modest cost to EPS and leverage. Retaining capital in our Japan subsidiary by ¥75 billion in 2020, adding additional buffer to our SMR ratio given the potential for continued market volatility. This move provided an additional 40 points of SMR. In the U. S., while we are not experienced deterioration in RBC levels, we are reducing our second quarter U. S. dividend by $75 million and injecting $150 million of capital into our smaller group legal entity CAIC. Our group business continues to grow and we are investing heavily in this part of the business. So the capital both protects and sustains strategic investments in this legal entity. All told, we entered the critical second quarter in a very strong position and these moves do not materially impact our capital planning as we carefully monitor conditions. We also have no debt maturities until 2023 due to liability management actions taken in 2019 setting us up well for the future. Before turn the call back to David, let me comment briefly on our approach to guidance. As you can see from our press release issued last night, recognizing likely volatility and a need to be tactical in our approach to access capital, we have elected to withdraw adjusted EPS and share repurchase guidance for 2020. While this withdrawal of guidance is not necessarily a view that our ranges are not achievable, we are off to a strong start to the year but must recognize that the current spread of COVID-19, its impact on the communities that we serve and volatile markets typically make it very difficult to accurately predict benefit ratios and other earnings drivers. It is fair to say we face a number of obvious EPS headwinds in terms of benefit ratios, investment income and overall revenue. But it's still very uncertain as to timing and the magnitude of the COVID-19 impact on 2020 earnings. We also need to be flexible in the actions we take to defend our franchise and making sure we do all we can to support policyholders. In terms of repurchase, we remain in the market but are buying at roughly 60% level in dollar terms versus the first quarter. We are taking a tactical approach depending on how the crisis develop in the second quarter. By tactical, we mean we maybe in a position to maintain, cancel or even accelerate as we see conditions evolve. And let me now hand off to David to take us to Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin, I just want to ask that you please limit yourself to one question and a related follow up to allow participants an opportunity to ask a question. Brittany, we’ll now take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session [Operator instructions]. And our first question comes from Humphrey Lee from Dowling Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. In terms of the capital and liquidity stress test, I was just wondering like when you look at the potential kind of downgrades and rating migrations. Can you share some of the -- what was your findings were related to that, how's that impact your RBC or your capital position?
Dan Amos: We're not disclosing in detail the underlying assumption for specifically for rating migration. But at a high level I can comment that rating migration is predominantly an issue when it comes to risk based capital and less so when it comes to our solvency margin ratio in Japan. It's obviously a factor in Japan as well but it's really to RBC formula that is more sensitive to rating migration. Our asset leverage in the us is fairly low. And even when we'll look at rating migration, it has a fairly limited impact on our capital conditions in the operating subsidiaries.
Humphrey Lee: And then my final question related to sales in U. S. and Japan. I clearly understand that there's going to be a very fluid situation, there's a lot of unknowns, but looking at the decline in April. Is there any of difference between the beginning of the crisis versus kind of more towards the late April? Do you see a change in productivity or sales decline maybe in a sense and maybe how your agents are adapting to the new situation?
Fred Crawford: Let's, do this. This is Fred. Let's split this up and have our colleagues speak directly to their markets. And so perhaps we'll start with Koide and Koji to address how they're adapting in Japan to the new environment and then we'll switch to Teresa and Rich Williams.
Masatoshi Koide: Yes, Koji will answer to that question…
Koji Ariyoshi: This is Koji, let me talk about agency first. So the state of emergency has been declared effective April 7th to seven prefecture, major prefectures in Japan and this state of emergency expanded to all prefectures in Japan on April 16th. So as a result, activities of the agencies have turned to be refraining from voluntary training from face to face activities. And we have also decided to suspend or close down our shops. And in Japan, there has been some impact from coronavirus from mid-February. So as a result, the number of people coming to our shops or going to face to face solicitation have been declining. And then as we got into April, because of the state of emergency, face to face solicitation was refrained, as well as we had to stop or close down our shops as well. So as a result, the agencies are not doing face-to-face solicitations anymore. Instead the combination of phone calls and mail outs are being done by agencies. However, because of more and more customers are staying home, there's a better chance of being able to communicate with customers. Although, the policies may not be purchased right away, it is good to maintain relationship with customers and expand or enhance relationship with customers and also to develop new prospective customers as well. And in May, we are trying to send out a direct emails nationwide and there will be follow up calls made after direct mails. So, we do believe that this will be successful and see some results in May. And during this time, we are also conducting trainings to the sales agents of a large exclusive agencies using the web. So, there are some advantages that we are able to conduct the training in a very efficient manner rather than visiting them or having them visit us. And at the same time, our agencies are starting to feel that the benefit or the convenience of using digital tool. So as a result, we do believe that there will be some improvement in efficiencies, as well as productivity by leveraging digital tools. That's all from sales perspective.
Dan Amos: Let me say one other thing. I want to make sure it's clear. The closing of shops is only temporary. We're still going to be using the shops. It very much plays an important role in Japanese culture. They actually like to bring the families in and sit down and discuss their overall products that they own and what they have and what this has done for us, talking about with change brings opportunity, it forced our singles associates to use technology more and ultimately will enhance us long-term. So, I wanted to be sure we said that.
Fred Crawford: And Rich Williams, why don’t you comment on the U. S. and our activities to pivot.
Richard Willams: So Humphrey, thanks for the question. I'll just speak maybe near-term about what we see, the preparation for work site and then really what the future holds. Really through the first 11 weeks, we're seeing a very favorable quarter play out. And then as everyone knows, we had 42 state stay at home or shelter in place and that basically just stopped the progress of worksite sales. So, near term until businesses get back in business, I think we'll see about this level. From a preparation perspective for the worksite, we've always had multiple enrollment options, face to face, enrollment call center, self enroll using digital means. And what you're seeing right now is really the ingenuity of our sales force in leveraging those latter two tools enrollment call center and co-browsing and self enrollment to be able to sell in this in a sort of impaired environment. I think thirdly and more broadly, I know both Dan and Fred made these comments is the plan for the future. We're expanding our value proposition to increase access and distribution diversification, with our consumer markets, building at that business, as well as our Aflac dental and vision and now with our Aflac Group Benefits, I think that that's the perspective of the U. S.
Fred Crawford: So Humphrey, hopefully that covers it for you and others in terms of what we're seeing out there production wise and this attempt to pivot. I think one general theme we're seeing, both in Japan and the U. S. is that digital communication non face-to-face communication has always been the secondary approach, the primary being face-to-face. Now you have agents and distribution partners having to pivot to making digital the primary and face-to-face a secondary, that takes a little bit of time to make that switch. And so we'll just have to be patient and work to support those efforts. We can go to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is now open.
Nigel Dally: So, I wanted to question, I had a question on the U. S. operations, small businesses clearly being hit very hard and in addition to lower sales, you mentioned pressure on persistency. How much high should we expect lapses to go? Is there going to be a major hit? And I think you mentioned 3% potential premium decline, but I don't think you mentioned the sales and persistency assumptions and we should base that. So any color there would be helpful.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think as it pertains specifically to persistency, it's a very tricky dynamic. We have historically seen our persistency, for example, during the last financial crisis, track unemployment levels and that is that we see greater lapsation or weakness in persistency during periods of high unemployment. And so it stands to reason we would have that as a sensitivity test or a stress test as part of looking at the U. S. and that's why we provided that number. Obviously, it's quite severe in its approach, particularly any sort of prolonged level of unemployment at the levels I discussed 20%. But nevertheless, it's a worthwhile stress to apply. I would say that one other aspect to be aware of is that we're providing right now guarantees, if you will, waivers of premium payments while guaranteeing the policy remains in place. And it defers by state but generally speaking, it tends to be upwards of 90 days or so, 60 to 90 days depending on the dynamics. Similarly, we’re doing that in Japan. When you do that in the United States, what happens is you see actually persistency remain high until such time those efforts are released and then you'll find a level of shock last typically, particularly if there's unemployment associated with the crisis. We know this. We have some experience in this, because this is very commonly done in states where there's been natural disasters, hurricanes, even recently, tornadoes in Tennessee for example. And so this is not an unusual event. What is unusual is that it's nationwide. And so what we're trying to do is understand what that sensitivity might be like. It has very little bottom line implications, because you're releasing reserves, you're writing off DAC. And so this is not necessarily a profitability or margin issue, it's really more related to your earned premium. And that's why we provided that forecast. I think Nigel, that's a very severe stress. We certainly hope we wouldn't get there. We find it beneficial that the stimulus packages that are being announced are directed towards small businesses and are wired to payroll and maintaining employment, which is how we collect our premium and how we sell our product. So there are some offsetting or mitigating factors, but we have to take a conservative approach when we're applying a stress test.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. Sir. Your line is now open. 
Jimmy Bhullar: I just had a question on the Japan Post and if you could just give us an update on what's going on there, and how you see your business sort of trending through the post over the next, especially in the near-term?
Dan Amos: Well, I think Koide, you should start with that and then I might say something afterwards. Koide?
Masatoshi Koide: Japan Post Group is currently doing additional research or investigation into their policy holder base, and they are also trying to gain confidence of the policy holders at the same time. And although the administrative order for suspending their sales was until the end of March, Japan Post is voluntarily refraining from sales at this moment still from April and after as well. So from an asset perspective, we are supporting Japan Post Group’s activities to recover or reinstate the confidence of the customers and we do respect and we like to support their activities. So what we are trying to do right now is to help them conduct, to take in the customers’ needs and then try to sale and try to train them to do solicitation from that perspective. And then at the same time conducting these kind of trainings, we are also enhancing solicitation management activities as well. And what we are expecting is that whenever Japan Post sales resume, they are able to sell our counter insurance based on customer needs and have appropriate solicitation management in doing their sales. And the situation continues that since Japan Post Group is refraining sales of Japan Post insurance product, which means that our counter product is not selling that much as well, so we are in that situation. And that's all from me.
Dan Amos: I'll make a couple of comments. I don't believe our Japan Post relationship’s ever been any stronger. I believe, and no one knows in these uncertain times, but this is just my personal belief and gut feelings from being an CEO for 30 years is that, when the COVID issues pass to some degree and we go back to whatever the new normal is, we'll see a pickup in Japan Post and things will start back again. And so, I'm encouraged about that. As you know, they're our largest shareholder and we are confident that that relationship was made even stronger with that acquisition and it's in their best interest and our best interest to see cancer insurance grow with them, and I think we'll see that moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Sir, your line is now open.
John Barnidge: This question is on the investment portfolio. Can you talk about rental forbearance experience, and then maybe based on communications what your expectations for May 1st are?
Dan Amos: Today or at least through the end of March, we didn't have any. We certainly expect going forward there to be some. We don't necessarily think a huge amount just because of the nature of our properties. But where we do have them, as I mentioned in the speech, will be making more amendments to loans, getting other protections in return and just really adjusting cash flows. So, we do expect those but we don't expect financial difficulty at the end of the day for those sponsors that may need it.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Sir, your line is now open.
Erik Bass: Can you provide a bit more color on how you're thinking about the NII outlook both near-term and also beyond 2020, when some of the current hedges roll off? And I think you have some more reinvestment risk.
Fred Crawford: Well, as we reported, the first quarter was slightly better than we had expected. We did get most of our deployment and middle market loans drawn by the end of February for the quarter. So, that was fortunate just because as I reported, it'll be slower rest of the year. As we think of the rest of the year, I'll put it in two buckets, stable and variable, the alternatives just because it's two different stories. On the stable, we actually expect it to be a fairly decent year, despite some of the headwinds of lower rates. On our floating rate book, as I reported, we locked in our hedges and our income. So, despite the low drop in LIBOR, we're protected by the hedges we did and the LIBOR floors. And in fact because of the precipitous decline in LIBOR, our hedges actually ended up performing better than we expected, because more loans hit the floor that was so extreme. So actually we were able to book some of that extra income, if you will, which will help offset some of the headlines naturally from lower rates. The other thing to mention for the year, part of our allocation actually does go to yen assets. And in a surprise that we haven't seen in a number of years, yen yields have actually been stable to going up a little bit. So, relative to our plan that put us in a good position and when we are buying yen, we continue to see actually attractive opportunities in yen public credit as well as some yen private placements. So we can find good credit and earnest spread. So on that part of the allocation, doing relatively well. Obviously for alternatives, we're expecting lower variable income versus our plan. Now that will depend on what happens with equity markets. Now they're up, there's still a lag effect on valuations but our base case right now is lower than we had planned. But if you put that on together between the stable and the variable, we're feeling like we're going to come right in the strike zone maybe a bit better versus planned for the year. Looking forward, I obviously can't really comment holistically in the sense of being specific to 2021. But to your question, Eric, around the floating rate assets, as I've mentioned, in many fabs and answering other questions around this. The way we think of those floating rates is the natural hedge between hedge costs and the income. And right now we're in an environment where if you were to just say today was January 1st and I don't have the specific days of the rolls of our coupon hedges but they're around in the fourth quarter maybe beginning January, February. But if you just said re-roll them right now, well for this year, we locked in hedge costs in the area of 210 basis points and 220 basis points, because you locked them in December and January. Well, right now three months hedge costs are I think last night 69 basis points. So, if the notional of our floating rate book is the same, our hedge costs will go extremely down the same token, those loans which are based off of LIBOR, those are resetting down now they have LIBOR floors, so there is a natural protection. But the point of me saying is that way is at the end for net investment income, I'm looking at the net result, the net result of the income on the asset less than hedge cost. So all things being equal, we actually see that net result being fairly manageable going into next year, if you take out any one time gains like from hedges that I described earlier for this year. So as time goes on, we'll see. But that's how I would think of group one. And then you know, the rest of the book, obviously, if reinvestment rates continue to stay at this low level, again, as you know, we have high coupon private placements from years ago maturing. So that would be a headwind, going forward into income. Hope that helps.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Sir, your line in now open.
Tom Gallagher: Fred, just a follow up on your question about premium waivers that you had mentioned, 60 to 90 days in the U. S. Can you comment on what percentage of your in force in the U. S. is currently paying versus what percent is on this premium waiver? And is that a decent way to gauge some proportion of that might end up lapsing? Is that the way you're approaching it? 
Fred Crawford: You know, it's a good question and we're studying all those metrics, Tom, for that reason, but it's a bit early, to give you anything with any sort of concise nature. It's just been rolled out state by state. We’re just getting into it. What I would tell you is we're collecting our received premium. We're calculating our received premium. And actually I just saw a report on that yesterday and it was into the month of April, which is really where things are kicking in. And so far we haven't seen much movement in terms of collected premium. I think it's down a little bit.
Teresa White: I think we have 86.2% of premium collected versus 87.6%. So we're still doing pretty well on premium collection and that's collected through invoices to the worksite. It's a little bit more on the group side, 89% collected. But we're doing relatively well. 
Fred Crawford: So we're tracking that, Tom, and we'll have to continue to watch it. But we've been here before. You know, as I mentioned earlier we've had to do this in various states Florida, Texas, et cetera, with hurricanes, California fires and so forth. So we understand how this works and typically operates. And so, we've got a good handle on it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott: My first one is just a quick follow-up on the last question actually, and I'd just be interested. Is there anything going on in Japan around premium relief and any way to think about an impact there as well?
Fred Crawford: We can have Koide add any comments he wants, but the answer is yes. There is a somewhat industry adopted conventional practice of allowing premium waiver for an extended period of time. I think the big difference in Japan is that you tend not to see necessarily implications for persistency, because these policies are age priced there. As you know, the Japanese consumer values the policy and that's very specific intentions around the policy protecting savings and their livelihood. And so while the waivers do matter from an economic perspective, we tend not to see dramatic movements in persistency related to what I mentioned earlier in the U. S. But if I'm off on that, either Todd or Koide if you want to add any color.
Masatoshi Koide: Todd, could you answer that question?
Todd Daniels: Yes, Fred's correct. Just to be clear, this is a premium grace period, not necessarily a premium waiver that's being put in place. So we're not forgiving premium in any of these cases. Japan does have special circumstances, and as Fred said, has been adopted by industry each company that operates in Japan, is looking at the situation and the states of emergency and adopting their practices during that time period.
Fred Crawford: Thanks for making that point, Todd that both in the U. S. and in Japan, these are grace periods, not waivers in the sense of outright waving the collection of premium.
David Young: Brittany, I think that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time. Speakers, please stand by for your post conference.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
David Young: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then Fred Crawford, President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our operations. And Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will discuss our financial results.  In addition, joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the United States. Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; and, Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of Aflac's website at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining us. Let me start the morning off by saying that the fourth quarter rounded out another great year for Aflac in terms of earnings, capital and overall financial strength. I'm especially pleased with the company's financial performance in 2019. Financially, Aflac is as strong as we've ever been in our 65-year history. Our capital provision by any measure is robust. Our investments are high quality and diversified and we have among the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. Total pretax adjusted earnings increased 2.5% which is even more meaningful when you consider that we have continued our extensive investment in our core technological platforms and initiatives to drive future earned premium growth and efficiencies. Investing in growth and innovation will continue to be critical strategic focus for 2020. Brad and Max will provide more detail in a moment.  In 2019, Aflac Japan generated strong overall financial results. As we anticipated, full year third sector and first sector protection sales were down in the mid-teens, predominantly reflecting reduced sales of our cancer insurance through Japan Post following the strong launch of our revised cancer insurance in 2018. Earned premium growth for third and first sector protection products was 1.3% which was in line with our expectations. As you may have seen last Friday, the new management of Japan Post Group held the press conference in regard to the submission of its business improvement plan to the Japanese government. This update includes additional measures that Japan Post Group management is undertaking to restore the public trust and address concerns raised by the sale of Japan Post insurance products. Understandably, the new management of Japan Post Group has placed this plan as a top priority management issue. And we would expect sales of Aflac Japan's cancer insurance through Japan Post distribution to be secondary, especially during the first half of the year. Based on comments from Japan Post and our review of monthly trends, we expect very little production in the first half of 2020. The level of recovery in the second half of the year is uncertain. But we will provide updates as we learn more.  Importantly, we assume the possibility of low production with slow recovery in our forecast. Therefore, our guidance for Aflac Japan's earned premium and pretax earnings does not change materially from our 2020 outlook call. We continue to expect to decline in the range of 0.7% in the third and first sector protection earned premium for 2020. As we think about distribution, we look forward to working with Japan Post new leadership to continue deepening the strategic alliance relationship for the long term. To that point, Aflac Japan's executives met in January with Japan Post new leadership as part of the established strategic alliance framework. The discussions were positive and the Japan Post Group presidents expressed their desire to further enhance the strategic alliance to the benefit of both organizations over the long term. In addition, Brad and I will be meeting with the CEOs of Japan Post Group in March. As I said earlier, we look forward to working with Japan Post new leadership to continue deepening our strategic alliance for the long term. Aflac Japan's medical insurance focused upon a rider strategy in 2019 while various factors affected sales that Fred will address shortly, the positive medical insurance sales results reinforced my confidence and our position as Japan's #1 provider of cancer and medical insurance ensuring 1 out of every 4 households. As we have discussed in the past, the government of Japan is debating social security reform for all generations as part of its growth strategy plan for dealing with the shrinking and aging population under the concept of 100-year life society. The government is debating key social security issues including potentially increasing co-pays by elderly. As this debate continues, the public will be even more focused on the need for supplemental insurance. And the environment in Japan will continue to evolve.  Against this backdrop, we take a longer-term perspective when it comes to our business and we will continue to focus on maintaining our leadership by leveraging the experience, expertise and scale and efficiencies developed over the last 45 years in Japan to bring value and protection to our policyholders. At the same time, we are continuing to fully engage our wide-reaching distribution networks. Our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success as do our alliance partners.  Now turning to Aflac U.S., we are pleased with our strong financial performance which was consistent with our expectations and reflected elevated expenses as a result of the ongoing investments in our platforms, distribution and customer experience. While sales were slightly down for the year coming off record sales in the prior year, our premium growth was 1.8%. Ultimately, we seek to grow earned premium growth. It is evident that there are macro elements at play. Strong salaries and employment means fewer people that are willing to take independent commission sales roles. This dynamic continues to distrain both sales agents recruiting and ultimately sales to an extent. But keep in mind, workers continue to convey a significant need for Aflac's benefit solutions in the workplace and we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. Our broker strategies are taking hold, opening the door for more sales opportunities at larger accounts. Additionally, we are fortunate to have such a strong independent field force which is truly distinctive within our industry. We will continue to work with our agents to equip them with the tools that they need to be productive and to have a successful career with Aflac. We have also been encouraged by the advancement in our direct-to-consumer platform and associates partnerships which are still in the initial stages. Taking all factors into account, we continue to expect Aflac U.S. to generate earned premium growth in the range of 1% and maintain stable persistency in 2020. We will continue to invest in product development and efforts to facilitate producer growth and productivity, including the measured rollout of Aflac Dental and Vision that was initiated in January. Aflac has historically been known for its organic growth. However, we recognize that prudent investment is critical to our growth strategy and the driving efficiencies that will impact the bottom line for the long term. With this in mind, we will look for other opportunities to accelerate growth through measured buy-to-build transactions.  We balanced reinvestment in the core business with a focus on increasing the dividend and repurchasing shares. I am pleased with the board's decision to increase the first quarter 2020 cash dividend by $0.01 per share which is 3.7% increase over the fourth quarter of 2019. This increase is coming off the 37th consecutive year of dividend increases in 2019 where we increased the dividend $0.01 each quarter generating a 3.8% dividend increase for the year.  These increases recognize the stability of our earnings and capital generation and demonstrates our commitment to rewarding our shareholders. We expect share repurchase will be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion in 2020 with the range allowing us to be more tactical in our deployment strategy. As always, this assumes stable capital conditions and the absence of any compelling alternatives. We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios and maintaining a strong risk-based capital ratio in the U.S. and solvency margin ratio in Japan on behalf of our bondholders, our policyholders and our shareholders.  Through Aflac Incorporated subsidiaries in Japan and the United States, we have the privilege of helping provide protection to more than 50 million people. In both countries, we have earned our position as the leading supplemental insurer by paying cash fast when policyholders get sick or injured. Looking ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will reflect the underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and the United States. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balances the interest of all stakeholders. As always, we are working to achieve our earnings per share objectives while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders. Now I'll turn the program over to Brad who will cover more on the operations and then Max to cover our financial results in more detail. Brad?
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you, Dan. I'll focus my comments on market color and key areas of execution in Japan, the U.S. and global investments and connecting to our 2019 results and outlook for 2020. Let me first start with Aflac Japan. While the focus has been understandably on Japan Post in cancer sales, there have been additional market developments during 2019 that have shaped our product and distribution strategy for 2020.  As Dan noted, we were pleased to end 2019 with an increase in medical sales. This is noteworthy as the medical product marketplace faced natural headwinds, specifically a change in corporate tax law late in the year that impacted products sold as part of a company benefit program and a measurable increase in competitive pressure as the traditional life players continue to pivot towards medical products after being hit hard by the low rate environment. These same dynamics continue in 2020. And as a result, we have adjusted our product and marketing strategy accordingly. Our 2020 product launch plans include the introduction of a fresh approach to cancer riders that greatly simplifies the product design by bundling coverage riders for ease of sale and meeting customer needs. This enhancement is also available in the Japan post system and is tailor-made for their unique distribution model once returning to full strength. We decided to accelerate our medical product refresh from 2021 launch into 2020, launching in the fourth quarter. While this will have a modest impact on 2020 sales, it positions us better as we head into 2021. The refreshed product expands coverage and fills a gap with nonexclusive agencies that offer higher premium and more expansive benefit structures to their clientele. This move accelerates approximately JPY 3 billion of product launch spend into 2020.  As discussed during our outlook call, we have also set aside funding to strengthen the associate channel, our largest sales contributor. Investment includes technology and marketing spend in order to leverage our 22 million policies in force and 30,000 corporate groups to upsell and cross-sell more effectively. Finally, in an environment of low interest rates and related pressure on premium growth, we continue to work on our long-term expense structure. We are building out agile teams focused on customer experience enhancements, administrative efficiency and go-to-market productivity improvements. For example, the work of our agile teams have successfully reduced Japan's product launch cycle by over 3 months. Separately, we have a medium-term plan to go paperless in our main operating centers and ongoing digital initiatives that require continued investment over the next few years. We believe the most accurate way to track our expense ratio is when adjusting for paid up policies. We anticipate our adjusted expense ratio will trend down gradually beginning in 2022 time frame. While we are early in the year, Japan's accelerated investment is not expected to change our guidance range for the segment's 2020 pretax margins. Turning to the U.S., as medical and group benefit carriers pursue voluntary business and attempt to go down market, we believe it's important to build out a presence on the first page of the employee benefit marketplace.  An initial step in that direction is our entry into Network Dental and Vision. Along with entering a growth market, we believe this portfolio expansion will increase producer productivity and assist with recruiting and retaining agents and expand broker access. We are taking a methodical approach beginning in 2020 with introduction in select states following by a national launch in 2021. We expect to generate $300 million to $500 million in incremental revenue over the next 5 to 7 years. Argus, our recently acquired dental and vision TPA platform ended the year with annual revenue of $84 million and normalized pretax margin of approximately 5%. We expect this to be a growth area for the company as Argus has a strong reputation for servicing Medicare and Medicaid dental and vision members. In fact, last week, we issued a press release under the Argus brand announcing the awarding of 4 new partnerships administering dental and vision benefits to new Medicare Advantage members.  Like any TPA model, this is a scalable business with strong return potential that has naturally reset our reported expense ratio by approximately 60 to 80 basis points. We are actively investing in a consumer markets platform for the digital sale of insurance direct to consumer along with partnerships that leverage lead generation for agent assisted sales. We are up and running with sales of $45 million in 2019. We are making important investments in a fully digital experience from acquisition to administration to policyholder experience including a digital claims capability. We expect production through this platform to double in the next three years. Our U.S. outlook has assumed roughly 40 to 50 basis points of expense ratio drag in 2020 as we build out Network Dental and Vision and consumer markets platforms. We continue to invest in our operating platform in the U.S. with two critical deliveries anticipated in 2020. The first is an upgrade to our enrollment platform used by our agents and focused on the small business market. Upgrades are expected to provide more intuitive functionality and speed. The second is a successful migration onto a modernized platform for Aflac Group, which is our fastest-growing segment. Modernization includes scalability and automated back-end processing and billing functions. We just recently began placing new groups on our modernized platform. These projects along with other key initiatives are also supported by an agile work environment. Overall, we anticipate expense ratios will remain elevated in 2020 and '21, then trending down beginning in the 2022 time frame, as the top line response to our key initiatives and we begin delivering on expense efficiencies. Turning to Aflac Global Investments. As Eric noted at last year's analyst briefing where it makes sense, we will explore team lift outs, joint ventures and equity stakes in asset managers that will then manage a portion of our assets. In January, we closed on a minority investment in Varagon Capital Partners, a leading direct lender to middle market companies. Our equity stake includes a mandate for up to $3 billion invested in middle-market loans over the next 3 years. The mandate is consistent with our overall general account investment strategy. Our minority equity investment will be held within our U.S. investment subsidiary with any associated returns running through the corporate segment. At this early stage, we do not expect a measurable impact on our 2020 outlook for investment income or earnings. I'll now hand off to Max to cover our financial results. Max?
Max Broden: Thank you, Fred. We finished the year with a solid Q4, reporting adjusted EPS of $1.03, up 1% year-over-year. Underlying earnings continue to come through strong with no significant items to call out in this quarter. As previously guided, expense ratios ticked up in both operating segments due to seasonality and as Fred detailed in his comments, our continued strategic platform builds. For the full year, adjusted earnings per share increased 6.7% to $4.44. The strengthening yen benefiting earnings for both the quarter and the year by $0.02. As a result, adjusted earnings per share on a currency-neutral basis, rose 6.3% to $4.42 per share which was at the upper end of our upwardly revised guidance of $4.35 and to $4.45 at the end of Q3. Adjusted earnings per share including foreign currency translating gains and losses, grew 10.6% in both Q4 and for the full year. The adjusted ROE excluding the foreign currency impact was a strong 15.1% for the full year 2019. Turning to our Japan segment. Total earned premium for the quarter declined 1.6% reflecting first sector policies paid-up impact and to-pay medical policies sold in 2017 reaching paid-up status as well. However, we continue to focus on driving the quality and value of new business. As a result, our earned premium for the first sector protection and third sector products increased 0.6%.  Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 70% for the quarter with third sector benefit ratio coming in at 60.1%. Both of these ratios are up on a year-over-year basis as these ratios will naturally bounce around a bit on a quarterly basis and the comparable benefit ratios last year were very low. Looking at the full year numbers, we are reporting a stable third sector benefit ratio and a decline in our total benefit ratio supported by mix shift. Overall claims trends are still tracking favorably but we're less of a tailwind this quarter. Digging into the details, a lower lapse rate on our cancer insurance block led to an increase in future policy benefit reserve and we also experienced a slight uptick in incurred claims. We do not see this as a trend but rather quarterly noise.  Our expense ratio in Japan was 21.7%, 90 basis points higher than in Q4 last year due to technology investments as well as sales and marketing spend. The ratio is also impacted by lower reported earned premium. Net investment income declined 1.4% in yen terms. Unlike the previous few quarters, there was no significant call income or alternative investment returns in this quarter to call out. The pretax margin for Japan in the quarter was 19.8%. For the full year, we recorded a very strong pretax profit margin of 21.3% toward a high end of our forecasted range.  Turning to U.S. results. Earned premium was up 1.1% despite weaker sales results and 100 basis points decrease in persistency which we view as temporary result of a large case volatility and replacement of an administrative partner. Our total benefit ratio came in at 49.1%, in line with recent claims trends and mix of business shift toward our accident product.  Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 39.9% while the fourth quarter is a seasonally higher period for expenses. The increase of expenses in Q4 is due to lower unit cost capitalization, higher DAC amortization and the inclusion of Argus which carries a structurally higher expense ratio in its benefits management business.  Net investment income in the U.S. declined by 1.6% due to onetime benefits -- sorry, due to onetime benefits from call income last year that did not recur this year. Maintaining consistent net investment income is a very good result on the back of sending excess capital up to the holding company as the final step in our planned RBC drawdown. Profitability in the U.S. segment was impacted by the previously discussed elevated expense ratio, which pushed down the pretax profit margin to 16.8% in Q4. For the full year, the pretax profit margin held up well and came in at 19.4%. In our corporate segment, the main driver of improved results is higher levels of amortized hedge income driven by our enterprise corporate hedging program. Amortized hedge income contributed $27 million on a pretax basis to this quarter's earnings with an ending notional position of $4.9 billion. As a reminder, this program reduces the exposure to the yen, lowers the absolute level of hedge costs and reduces our exposure to volatility in hedge costs, ultimately improving the risk-adjusted return on capital for the group. For 2020, we would expect the segment pretax profit for the full year to be a loss of $55 million to $65 million. This is $5 million higher than communicated on outlook call due to an updated and refined internal allocation of expenses with no impact on our total earnings. In December, we successfully executed a $38 billion of global yen issuance with a weighted average coupon of 80 basis points. The proceeds will be used to redeem $350 million of 4% senior notes maturing in 2022, reducing our run rate interest costs by $11.2 million on a pretax basis and extending our debt maturity profile. Turning to capital. Japan's estimated solvency margin ratio remains above 1,000% and our estimated U.S. risk-based capital ratio at quarter end was north of 500%. With the announcement of our Japan branch conversion to a subsidiary, we pledged to remove excess capital out of the U.S. entity targeting 500% RBC by the end of 2019. The fourth quarter marks the successful completion of our RBC drawdown plan where we moved $1.75 billion of capital from Aflac Columbus to Aflac Incorporated supporting our capital deployment and risk management activities. As we've noted previously, we have room for additional capital optimization as the risk profile of our U.S. business suggests an RBC closer to 400% is more appropriate.  We ended the quarter with approximately $3.4 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company, net of prefunded debt. This is slightly lower than previously guided form. The deviation is primarily driven by a voluntary pension fund contribution to maintain strong funding levels on the face of lower discount rates and our decision to tactically buy back some additional shares. In the quarter, we repurchased 8.9 million shares for approximately $470 million. There is no change to our guidance for repurchase of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion in 2020. Finally, let me comment briefly on guidance. With our full year 2019 results in the books, there are no material changes from our 2020 outlook call this past December. While there are natural movements in our plan, we affirm all material segment margin contributors including ranges for benefit ratios, expense ratios, net investment income and pretax profit margins. In addition, we affirm our range for share repurchase and EPS guidance recognizing we have adjusted a currency-neutral range for a final average exchange rate of JPY 109.07 to the dollar. As you may recall, our outlook call guidance was set at assuming JPY 110 to the dollar, thus we have adjusted our guidance accordingly to $4.32 to $4.52 per share. Now let me turn the call over to David for Q&A. David?
A - David Young: [Operator Instructions]. We will now take the first question, Nicole. 
Operator: First question is from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: With medical, Fred, you highlighted the competitive nature of the medical market. From what I understand, medical has been competitive for some time for years. But from your comments it appears conditions have heated up some more. I just wanted to make sure I got that right? And if so, is it just more crowded, more participants? Or are we also seeing some companies that actually get more aggressive with pricing as well?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, thank you, Nigel. It's not more competitors, really, more specifically, what we've seen is some of the large and respected domestic life insurance players have moved towards refreshing their medical products as well as enhancing compensation or basically incentives, if you will, around the sale of medical product. We think this is understandable given that the interest rate environment has made it very difficult to sell yen-based life insurance products. And so that's really what we're starting to see take place. We have distribution -- unique distribution through exclusive agency arrangements and so most of what we see in the way of competitive dynamics is in the nonexclusive agencies that we sell-through and perhaps to a lesser degree, some of the banking channel which is very small for us right now.  And so that's why the new product refreshment is meant to be more competitive but also particularly make us more competitive in nonexclusive agencies. Interestingly, it's not really a pricing war. It's really more enhancing and enriching benefits going after a marketplace that's able to pay more premium for enhanced and broader coverage capability. And so that's the gap we're looking to fill, and that's where we see the competition.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Andrew Kligerman.
Andrew Kligerman: Just going back to capital, I mean, so what would be the timing, I guess, for Max's commentary of getting the RBC down to 400%, now being in excess of 500%? What would be the timing of getting that figure down? And I guess, your guidance implies about a 71% -- 70-ish percent capital return this year. Why not pick it up a little bit more?
Max Broden: So Andrew, first of all, let's step back and realize that we just finished the drawdown of the capital that was generated through the branch conversion. And we are now in a position to, for the first time, have a clean blue book that we are printing that we then can take to regulators, to rating agencies, et cetera. So we will then have clean financials on a statutory basis that we can discuss with these constituents. So we will have these discussions throughout the year. And we don't feel that we have a rush to bring it down to the 400% range. Right now, given where we are in the cycle, we feel that holding strong capital levels is a benefit to us. So I would expect the -- to travel downwards towards 400% over time. We will not initially pull capital out, but rather, we would like to see that the growth of the business will consume that capital and take us down to the 400%.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. So growth of business, not so much extracting the capital?
Max Broden: Correct.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And I think, Fred, you were alluding earlier to group business. Could you talk about some of the initiatives there and the potential to impact premium in the United States?
Frederick Crawford: So the reference that I made in my comments was, what we have been seeing for a while now, not surprisingly, and particularly if you listen to other True Group carriers calls, we're seeing competitors in that space look to move into the voluntary space and look to move down market, sometimes with success, sometimes without. That also leads to a level of bundling at times where true go True Group players and even health players will bundle voluntary product with their core offering. And so what we have been doing is looking at -- making sure that we have an answer to that type of competitive dynamic. First and foremost, our voluntary benefit programs on a group basis tend to be very competitive and desired by employees and HR professionals. And so we tend to do very well in that space. It's the fastest-growing part of the company. But in order to combat bundling type dynamics, we need to have a broader solution that includes Dental and Vision and also True Group Life and Disability. Right now, we have a partnership on True Group Life and Disability where we offer the product and partner with DRMS on the administrative side. And we need to involve that plat -- evolve that platform so that it's more competitive and able to fight off that type of dynamic. So again, we are competing very well in that space but we think we have more opportunity to grow if we build out those programs.
Andrew Kligerman: And Fred, do you think that at some point in the next 2, 3 years, you could see a very material impact on the top line from the group product like Group Life and Group Disability?
Frederick Crawford: Too early to tell on that topic. I think right now, our focus primarily is driving earned premium growth in the Dental and Vision space because obviously we've made a transaction in that space, built out the platform and we're starting to -- starting to build out that state-by-state platform to generate $300 million to $500 million of premium over the next 5 to 7 years. And so that's right now the focus, I would say, to a lesser degree, we would expect to pickup earned premium over the next 3 to 5 years on the direct-to-consumer and lead generation platform. Those are incremental adds. Remember our core business, we still intend to grow earned premium there through the blocking and tackling of building out our platforms in group voluntary as well as the individual voluntary business. But incrementally, it's focused right now on Dental and Vision and on consumer markets. True Group will evolve over time but it's too early to pinpoint earned premium on that at this point.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jammi Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: I had a question on Japan sales. And obviously, you had mentioned and everyone expected cancer sales to be fairly weak given the post situation. I thought medical sales were a little weaker than expected as well. And you mentioned the tax change that might have hurt demand. What's your view on how that product is performing? And then also, given that you're updating the product later this year, should we assume that as the year goes on, sales growth will moderate because people might or our agents might wait till the new product to start pushing it again?
Daniel Amos: I think Aflac Japan can take that question. So let's see over there, who would like to, Koji or Koide, how would you like to do this?
Koji Ariyoshi: Okay. This is Koji. I will speak. So let me explain a little bit about the medical insurance. So for our exclusive agency, the new rider that we've implemented last year has worked very well for the coverage for our existing policyholders. And so this has worked positively. However, in nonexclusive agencies our competitors have expanded their coverage and that has really been hitting us hard. So that is the reason why the positive or the increase of the medical has slowed down and it comes to a weaker sales. And because of this, the current situation where nonexclusive agencies are expanding and that negative impact could also impact our exclusive agency. So what we will do is to make improvements in our new medical insurance by having a more enriched coverage to really be able to be competitive. And in terms of the actual coverage that we plan to offer. Since this is before the filing to the FSA, we are not able to disclose the details. However, what I can say is that we would like to increase our competitiveness to the top level. That's all from me.
Jamminder Bhullar: And Fred, anything on just likely weakness as you go through the year, people, agents -- the agents sort of holding back from pushing the product in anticipation of the new offering?
Frederick Crawford: I don't think we expect any material dynamic in that respect, either holding back or what have you. I think, right now, our cancer product, particularly with the right -- I'm sorry, medical product with the rider strategy remains very competitive in our core associate platform. I think, I would remind everybody that since we moved to a rider strategy, the reported sales naturally declines because you're selling a rider and we only count the rider premium as a sale as opposed to the full policy. So please keep in mind that we continue to add economic value throughout the year by maintaining policies, having better persistency and then adding riders to our core policies. So economically, we continue to push forward on medical even though the sales look a bit dampened due to the rider strategy. That hasn't changed. That will still remain popular. We just think this particular gap in our product is a good one to fill, so we've accelerated into 2020.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: I have a question related to U.S. sales. So in your prepared remarks, you talked about sales being a little bit soft. And I understand it's the dynamics of some of the agency and broker relationship kind of management that you've done throughout 2019. But I was just wondering, have you seen any kind of changes in competitions as well? And kind of how you -- we should think about it as you are kind of going into 2020?
Daniel Amos: I'll ask Rich Williams to take that for us.
Richard Williams: Okay. Thank you, Humphrey, for your question. So first of all, as we've discussed at fab in September, our results finished the year as expected. And we had shared the drivers in 2019 being exiting partnerships, large case volatility and some headwinds with average weekly producer. On a positive note, our broker sales growth as well as our consumer markets contribution are 2 areas that we're very pleased with. And also, as we finish the second half of the year, as we focus on producer growth, we're encouraged to see career recruiting grow in both those quarters. From a competitive dynamic, as Fred alluded to, with medical and group benefits carriers getting into the space, this is another opportunity for us to be at the table and we're excited about our progress with Dental and Vision and the ability to also offer life and disability. So what I would say is we're seeking balance, both on our core supplemental products and also being able to provide benefit solutions on the front page benefits.
Humphrey Lee: Understand. And then in terms of the elevated expenses in the coming couple of years. Like should we think about it in terms of elevations, more like towards the upper end of your guidance range for 2020 and 2021 before kind of normalizing in 2022? Is that the way that we should think about it? Or could the elevation be above and beyond what your kind of guidance range is upper end?
David Young: I would say, we certainly don't see it above and beyond the upper end of our range. It will naturally fluctuate within the range. But usually when we set those ranges, it's plus or minus around our actual financial plan target. Those plans can evolve, and of course, performance can evolve. But I would not fix a rate at some spot within the range. What I can say with confidence is we wouldn't expect to be above it. And again, these investments are all, I think, where you're going to see eventual benefit in the expense ratio is really driving the top line. Most of the investments that we're making, both operationally as well as, of course, in the incremental projects that we have around Dental and Vision and direct-to-consumer are meant to drive the top end or the revenue side of it. And that's where I think we'll start to achieve a turnaround in the expense ratio.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: First just one follow-up, I think, on Humphrey's question. Fred, you mentioned no change to 2020 Japan margins despite bringing in some additional product launch spend related to accelerating the medical product timing. Is there something offsetting this? Or does it just push you a little bit towards the lower end of the range?
David Young: We do have a little bit of an offset in the sense of a little better revenue dynamic as persistency was a bit better coming off of 2019. But also locked in a little bit better net investment income coming through Japan. And that has helped us to accelerate some of that spend without impacting the bottom line that much. But again, most of the commentary is really important around the range, meaning we don't see really any change in the ranges. But again, we'll naturally fluctuate within the range.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then can you comment a bit more broadly on your aspirations for investment management. Do you want to, I mean, potentially explore commercializing your offering at some point and looking to manage assets for third parties or other insurance companies? Or do you see the investments in properties like Varagon more as a way to source assets and just participate in their growth.
Frederick Crawford: You know, I'll make a couple of comments. But then ask Eric to expand on it. I think we have not made a fundamental decision to commercialize our institutional asset management capabilities. But we're absolutely looking to leverage what Eric and the team have built over the better part of 8-plus years now in New York and in Tokyo. And really what you should think of these strategies as is a natural extension of our external manager program. It's -- if you think about it, we've moved assets that we have less of an expertise into external managers and it's quite naturally that we will, from time to time, run across teams and managers that we find attractive enough to where we want to hold an equity interest along with mandating them on investments. So that's really more the strategy as a natural extension of what we have in the way of our core capabilities. But Eric, I don't know, if that covers it or if you have anything else you want to add from your perspective?
Eric Kirsch: I think Fred covered it perfectly. No aspirations in the traditional sense, Erik, as you stated it, commercially for our teams to be a third-party asset manager. That's a very tough business. There's a lot of players. But where we can differentiate ourselves is in the selection of asset managers for our balance sheet and how we earn income for Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. But if we're able to lever that into examples like NXT, Varagon and potentially others in the future which we see those opportunities, will not only improve the income of the balance sheet for the 2 insurance operations, but will create revenue streams from owning those equity stakes and eventually, potentially some upside as well. So -- so in that way, we kind of had exposure to the third-party asset management business indirectly through those joint ventures or equity ownerships.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi.
Suneet Kamath: This is a question about Japan. Historically, you guys have done a lot of market research on brand and trust and a lot of those dynamics. And so my question is, given everything that's been going on with Japan Post, has your research pointed out any impact on Japan Post brand in Japan? And if there is, do you worry about some kind of spillover effect on the Aflac brand?
Daniel Amos: This is Amos. Yes, let me just say, and then I'll have him follow up. That -- of course, we worry a little bit but all indications from everything we've seen, it had no effect on our brand because as you've seen in the media, we were excluded from any of the issues concerning that. So I feel good about that. I think the longer it goes on, the more potential there for issues. But I do believe that the Japan Post is on these issues, resolving any issues with the consumers. And I think the change in the management team and their focus right now has been viewed very positive by the public. And so I think it will all take care of itself in the next 6 months or so. But Koide or -- I think might want to speak on this.
Masatoshi Koide: Okay. This is Koide from Aflac Japan. Let me just add a little bit. In January, we have conducted a consumer survey on our brand. So among the people who recognized that the media coverage on Japan Post insurance issue since last year. There were very few people who thought negatively about Aflac as a brand based on that -- the media coverage on JPI? In specific, there were only 2% who thought there was a negative impact on Aflac's brand. So in other words, we have confirmed that there has been no impact on Aflac brand based on JPI, Japan Post Insurance product issue. That's all from me.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. My follow-up question is just on the copayment increase that you talked about in your prepared remarks, I guess, for the elderly population in Japan. We've heard about this in different periods in the past in terms of the government wanting to do that. Does it feel like it's got a little bit more length at this time in terms of actually happening? Or any color around that would be helpful?
Daniel Amos: Yes. Well, what I would say is there seems to be more activity in that regard, predominantly about people living to be 100 and as you probably remember from the past, they kind of send out trial balloons to see what the reaction is publicly sometimes. And it's too early for us to tell. But my gut says that there's more of an interest now than there has been in quite a while. We'll have to wait and see. But they do have issues with budgets and their deficit that they've created and how they're going to control that. So certainly, I think they're trying to find out where and how they will attack those issues. And this is certainly one way to do that by increasing the copays or deductibles. But don't walk away from this call thinking that this is a done deal and it's going to happen. We don't know any more than you know from what we read in the newspapers. But in talking to our people, I think it's a reasonable thing for them to be considering and one I think that has a much higher probability than in the past few years when it was a much lower chance of it happening.
Masatoshi Koide: Once again, this is Koide from Aflac Japan. So with the backdrop in Japan with the government funding, the government is in financial -- is facing financial issue from the increasing medical cost in the social welfare system. So what Abe administration is trying to do is under the name of health care reform for all generations, what the administration is trying to do is to motivate the elderly population who is still willing to work and secure employment of those people and have them support the social warfare system instead of being the recipient. And that is the reason why at the same time, the Abe administration is trying to increase the copay of medical fee of elderly population. So this is something that is being covered in the media right now. As a result, many of the consumers are becoming interested in this type of media coverage. So the focus of the discussion right now is whether there will be any copay increase for the population aged 75 or above. But because this is a very difficult reform as this will require copay increase of elderly. So my assumption is that this discussion will continue for some time. But then, the government's intention is to want to address this issue by the time the baby boomers reach this age group from 2022. That's all from me.
Operator: Next question is from the line of John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Productivity as listed on Page 19 of the supplement materially increased. I get there's a seasonal nature to this. But it was definitely higher than the last couple of years. Know what the strong economy, recruitment and engagement may be harder given the commission nature. So I was just curious, in the commentary you had on that?
Daniel Amos: Teresa, you want to?
Teresa White: Yes, I'll start and then I'll hand it to Rich. One of the things that we've been working on that we've talked about in the fab and in other calls is our enrollment tool and we have invested a tremendous amount in those tools to drive productivity for our agency force. We're also investing in third-party tool for enrollment so that we can increase the productivity of those enrollments as well. So that has been a focus for our administrative side to support what Rich and his team is doing from a growth perspective. Do you have any other comment to add, Rich?
Richard Williams: The only other comment that I would say, Teresa and John, is that in the fourth quarter, we see productivity spike. So productivity in 2018 in the fourth quarter over '17 was up 5.1%. And in 2019 in the fourth quarter, it was up 4.8%. So the productivity we see is pretty consistent where most of our field force is working and that's the larger part of our sales for the year.
Daniel Amos: I think it's [indiscernible] tell them about the change in compensation at the management level to try to push productivity from new associates.
Richard Williams: Absolutely. Good point, Dan. So first and foremost, we communicated to our field in the fourth quarter of 2019 that we were aligning all compensation from associates through their management hierarchies, all the way up to our highest levels towards producer growth. That is something that had been missing for several years and you've seen it in sort of our inconsistent recruiting and producer growth results. It's not a quick fix, but it's on that we believe, it's going to have positive effects and we're seeing the near-term positive indication.
Teresa White: And that will drive that average weekly producer growth.
Daniel Amos: Yes.
Teresa White: That's sure.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Dan here, first one I had was just on the third sector benefit ratio in Japan. Here I was just interested in light of the comments you're making about the competitive environment, some of the domestics pushing a little harder on the medical, in particular. I mean, what's being priced in the new product in terms of like hospital day-stay on the cancer side? I mean, and what's in medical relative to the trends you're seeing? I mean, can you keep that benefit ratio stable? Or will there have to be a natural kind of upward pressure on that over time?
Daniel Amos: Quite honestly, we have been pricing for quite a while now to mirror the improvements in morbidity that we've been seeing in Japan, but we continue to see actual to expected results run favorable which implies a continued level of improvement in benefit ratios. But we've been saying now for a while that, particularly around medical, that we would expect some level of stabilization of benefit ratios. In other words, there's a point at which you would expect that to normalize to some degree. And so there's been a slowing down gradually of movement in the third sector only better ratio that is improvement in the benefit ratio.  And we think that's illustrative of both pricing actions as well as a natural slowing down on the pace of shrinking hospitalization stays, et cetera. Having said that, these are still products that are priced at very attractive returns relative to our extremely low cost of capital in Japan and as a company. And so the economic value being added by every policy we put on our books is quite significant given our scale and the performance. So that gap, if you will, between cost of capital and return on capital remains healthy and allows us to be aggressive where we need to be. But as I mentioned earlier, we do see pricing pressure. But frankly, at the moment, right now, it's really product design type pressure which is something we can react to quickly and why we accelerated the medical product refresh into 2020.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the potential social security changes. I mean, is your view still that cancer and sort of medical policies with maybe a nursing care rider takes care of the nursing care piece of this in the best way? Or are you exploring other types of products, maybe standalone nursing or something like that, that would potentially garner more demand from that kind of a change?
Daniel Amos: I'll let my Japan colleagues answer, but from my perspective, I would tell you that right now, our answer is just as you say, it's attaching care or nursing care riders to the medical product that allows the buyer to age with the -- allows he policy to age with the buyer. Everything from the younger side of the cohort which is interested in income or disability type protection to core medical to then as the policyholder age is naturally attaching riders related to nursing care. We think that's the best on a risk-adjusted basis because as you can imagine, that type of risk as well as dementia-type risk is one that we want to stay away from and as a result, the supplemental nature of our policies, the limited benefit structures of our policies, the fact that it's attached to a high return medical base policy, all of that strikes us as the best way to address it. But we have to continue to explore what opportunities we have with an aging population and we'll continue to do that. But it's going to be done in a risk-adjusted way.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Marcos Holanda of Raymond James.
Marcos Holanda: I just want to drill down on U.S. sales. And I was hoping you guys could give us some more color on sales results by distribution channel? And if there was any one channel that exceeded your expectations last year?
Daniel Amos: Thank you for the question. So as we alluded to earlier, the areas where we saw productivity was broker sales and consumer market sales. Broker sales were strong for the quarter as were consumer markets. And then, obviously, with our associate agency distribution channel, it was lower than anticipated. And then I think as we've alluded to also, our mix of business is moving gradually more towards brokerage and that's been doing that over the last 10 years and 2019 was consistent with prior movements.
Marcos Holanda: Got it. And in my follow-up, I think you mentioned the Argus platform generated about $84 million revenue last year. And as I'm looking at your 2020 outlook, I guess, you guys are assuming basically flat revenue growth. And I was hoping maybe you could bridge a gap between that and your long-term target of $300 million to $500 million. Is that just a function of a slow ramp up? Is there anything else you could guys can give us there?
Daniel Amos: Yes. I'm actually glad you asked that question because it allows me to be very clear on this. Don't confuse Argus' TPA or administrative platform with the growth expectations of our Dental and Vision business. In other words, what we bought when we purchased Argus was an administrative -- what we believe to be a top-notch administrative platform that simply administers Medicare, Medicaid, Dental and Vision products on behalf of other large typically health organizations. And that is a traditional TPA administrative-only business and not a conventional risk-taking business. That business, we would expect to steadily grow over time. And in fact, even the purchase price is designed in a way to incent growth rates. Separate and apart from that though is the Dental and Vision business which is the actual insurance business. That is really Aflac's strategy leveraging that platform to build out and sell and grow premium on Aflac Dental and Vision. And that's the $300 million to $500 million we're pointing to.
David Young: And keep in mind that the TPA revenues, that is not running through the premium line. So when Fred talks about earned premium growth, that does not include a TPA revenue, it's coming through fees in the other income line.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: Just looking at the distribution disclosure on channels for Japan in the supplement, it's a little hard to know how important the independent agency channel is, Fred, where you were citing the increased competition in medical. Can you give us a sense for what percentage of Japan sales sails through, through the independent channel where the competition has escalated? How large and how important that is for Aflac? And just relatedly, do you -- would you also expect similar competition with the new rider cancer product launch? Or do you think it's going to be less competitive there?
David Young: I can answer the second part of your question. I'm going to toss to Japan to answer the breakout of exclusive agencies versus independent agencies. But we intend to be competitive in every channel period even on the exclusive front because we think that's important. But obviously, when you get to the non-exclusive channels, there's more of a spreadsheet environment that you have to be constantly conscious of. The fact that we are facing competition in those channels is nothing new. That has been going on for several years now. It's really just more that we need to react and react more quickly to product development moves as we see the competition turn their attention to more proactively going after medical product. That's where, for example, closing down or shrinking the product launch cycle by three months really helps because we're going to need to be more nimble as we move forward. And that's -- and this is an example of being nimble.  The cancer rider, we think, is actually a very interesting dynamic on the cancer product and will be interesting to track how we see sales going there. That rider is meant to simplify a series of riders that address different types of cancer and cancer treatment to really simplify the offering. And we think that could help both in the sales process as well as in ease of the buying public understanding, the risk benefit, if you will, or the benefit of what they're paying for. So we think that could be a very good rider. It's also a rider that adjusts with the amount of risk you have as you age. So as you know, as you age in Japan, a greater proportion of your medical costs are covered under the National Medical System and this product will adjust accordingly which makes it more affordable and more practical as you age in Japan to buy the cancer rider. So again, it's an example of both putting out a very marketable product but also adjusting to the aging population with our products. Koide-san or Koji, if you want to comment on the relative proportion of independent versus exclusive agencies if you have that data handy.
Koji Ariyoshi: So this is Koji. Looking at the fourth quarter performance, independent and individual agencies account for more than half of the medical sales. But then most fierce competition is, of course, in the nonexclusive independent individual agencies. However, as you may know, we are very strong in cancer insurance market. So we are not facing a fierce competition in cancer insurance market. And in terms of cancer insurance revision this time, this product will be very easy to sell and that would expand our sales because even new sales agents will be able to sell this product because it is a simplified product. So the meaning of launch of this product is not to really win over competitors but rather expand our sales and our positioning in the market. That's all for me.
David Young: Tom, I hope that answers your question. I want to just thank everyone for joining us for this extended call today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations. We'll do what we can to respond and look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac investor and Rating Agency Relations.
David Young: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter call. This morning we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results. In addition, joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the United States, Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Max Broden, Deputy CFO and Treasurer.  We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and CFO; Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of Aflac's website at investor.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
Daniel Amos: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Let me start by saying that the third quarter of 2019 concluded in another strong first nine months of the year for Aflac in terms of earnings, capital generation and overall financial strength.  Financially, Aflac is as strong as we've ever been in our 64-year history. Pretax margins are stable and as strong as any in the industry. Our capital provision by any measure is robust. Our investments are high quality and diversified and we have among the highest return on capital and the lowest cost of capital in the industry. Our strong earnings results in the first nine months prompted us to upwardly revised our 2019 adjusted earnings per diluted share outlook, yet we still face some challenges to the top line. We addressed some of these challenges at the financial analyst briefing last month, and they are some was evident in the third quarter sales results.  Turning to operations, Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor, generated strong financial results. In the yen terms, results on an adjusted basis were better than expected for the quarter with Japan segment posting strong profit margins. Brad will provide more information. As you know, we take a longer-term perspective when it comes to our business. Our focus at Aflac Japan remains on maintaining our leadership in third sector insurance products that are less interest-rate sensitive and have strong and stable margins. At the same time, we complement this core business with similarly profitable first sector protection products.  To that end, we will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new products that our policyholders want and need. We are also continuing to fully engage our wide-reaching distribution network. Our traditional agencies have been and remain viable to our success as do our alliance partners. We continue to be Japan's number one provider of cancer and medical insurance, insuring one out of four households.  As you saw in the quarter, sales for the third sector and first sector protection products were down 21.5%, largely driven by the decline in cancer insurance sales, which were down 37.7% relative to the third quarter of 2018. As we reiterated on September 30, Aflac Japan released the results of a voluntary review of cancer insurance sales through Japan Post. While this matter includes issues related to a 0.006% of policies reviewed, we know that even one issue with a policy is one too many. As such, we continue to work tirelessly and steadfastly to resolve these matters with the customers who were impacted.  As we communicated at the Financial Analyst Briefing last month, we've experienced a significant decline in applications through the Japan Post channel. Assuming a continuation of the trend to date for the rest of the year, we anticipate that sales in Japan Post channel may decline as much as 50% from a very strong 2018 given our refreshed cancer product. Keep in mind that Japan Post Holding plans to report on its investigation at the end of December. While it is challenging to have full visibility into the time line for recovery, we look forward to working with Japan Post Group to continue our efforts to provide Japan's citizens with peace of mind and financial health Aflac's cancer insurance protection offers. With respect to Aflac Japan's medical insurance products, we began the year with a strategy to attach riders to the whole life medical product and then refreshed our existing nonstandard medical policies in June of this year. As a result, we are pleased with a 24.5% increase in medical insurance sales relative to the third quarter of 2018, and we expect a positive trend to continue into the fourth quarter.  Taking factors -- all factors into consideration, we continue to expect full year Aflac Japan third sector and first sector protection sales to be down in the mid-teens with earned premium growth in the range of 1%. Now turning to the U.S. operations. We are pleased with the financial performance. The pretax profit margin exceeded our expectations both for the quarter and for the first nine months of the year. This is particularly significant because these results continue to reflect ongoing investment in our platform, distribution and customer experience.  With respect to sales, they too have been somewhat challenged in 2019 coming off a record sales performance in '18. The third quarter was weaker than expected. As a result, we anticipate full year results to be flat to down slightly for the year. Ultimately, we seek to grow profitable earned premium, which we expect to be in the range of 2% in 2019. There are clearly macro elements at play. Strong employment means fewer people are willing take an independent commission sales role. This dynamic continues to constrain both sales agent recruiting and ultimately, sales to some degree.  Additionally, the review of the partnership in the second quarter resulted in some short-term disruption. But keep in mind, workers continue to convey a significant need for Aflac's benefit solutions in the workplace and we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. Our broker strategies are working well and we are growing at a much better rate than in the industry. We have been encouraged by the advancement in our direct-to-consumer platform and associated partnerships, which are still in the initial stages. Taking all factors into account and to put this in perspective, we expect to recover in 2020, which is important to the overall long-term health of our distribution platform.  As we said, we remain focused on initiatives designed to drive growth in both the U.S. and in Japan. Our announcement to acquire Argus Dental & Vision is a prime example of build to -- of buy-to-build strategy to do just that. This planned acquisition is also consistent with our approach to balancing our financial strength with reinvesting in our business, increasing the dividend and repurchasing shares.  Aflac historically has been known for its organic growth. However, we recognize that prudent investment is critical to our growth strategy to driving efficiencies that will impact the bottom line for the long term.  With this in mind, we look for other opportunities to accelerate growth through measured buy-to-build transactions that enhance our opportunity and core competency in supplemental insurance and leverage our powerful brand and distribution strengths without requiring extensive amounts of capital. At the same time, we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our bondholders, shareholders and policyholders. Of course, it goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth.  With the fourth quarter's declaration, 2019 will mark the 37th consecutive year of dividend increases. As we move through a period of market volatility, our dividend track record is a nice reminder of the relative stability of our business model and earnings. As we communicated last year, the Board reset the review cycle of the dividend increase for the first quarter of each year and reserves the right to examine the dividend on a quarterly basis. We continued to be on track to repurchase in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion of shares in 2019. This range allows us to be more tactical in our deployment.  Looking ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will reflect on the underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and the U.S. It also reflects on our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balance the interest of all stakeholders. As always, we are working to achieve our earnings per share objective, while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policyholders.  Now I'll turn the program over to Fred, who'll cover the financial results. Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Results for the third quarter set the stage for a strong year on the earnings front. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.16 represents a 12.6% increase over the 2018 quarter. Earnings benefited from continued strong margins both in Japan and the U.S. with the year-to-date core ratios performing consistent with forecast provided at our September Financial Analyst Briefing. Our reported results were impacted by strengthening of the yen as compared to the 2018 period, increasing earnings by $0.02 per share in the quarter.  There were two notable earnings items in the quarter. We negotiated a partial call on a single legacy private placement that had been previously impaired. Thus, reducing a concentrated below-investment-grade exposure and producing outsized call income of $25 million pretax in the quarter. In addition, our building alternative investment portfolio had another strong quarter, generating approximately $8 million pretax in variable income above our planned expectations. Together, these items contributed roughly $0.03 to the adjusted earnings per share.  Turning to our Japan segment, earned premium for our first sector protection and third sector products increased 1.2%. We are focused on maintaining growth recognizing near-term weakness in the Japan Post cancer sales and to pay medical policies sold in 2017 reaching paid-up status. We are focused on the quality or value of new business in Japan and continuing to grow third sector and first sector protection earned premium. As Dan noted in his comments, we expect full year third sector and first sector protection earned premium to grow in the range of 1% to 2%.  Japan's total benefit ratio came in at 70% for the quarter. We continue to enjoy strong third sector benefit ratio trends and associated reserve adjustments. The majority of impact in the quarter can be attributed to a continued shift in business mix from first sector towards third sector, which carries a lower benefit ratio and higher expense ratio. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20.6%. We expect our expense ratio will rise in the fourth quarter with anticipated timing of technology investments and sales and marketing spend.  Net investment income contributed to our strong results of 4% in yen terms. The quarter's favorable calling come ran through the Japan segment, along with the majority of alternative investment income. The build in our floating rate portfolio over 2018 also has contributed to our results in 2019. Recall from Eric's comments at our Financial Analyst Briefing, we previously locked in approximately 75% of Japan's floating rate income and 91% of our hedge cost for 2019. Overall, in Japan, we reported a very strong pretax profit margin of 21.4% and towards the high end of our forecasted range.  Turning to U.S. results, earned premium was up 1.3%, reflecting weaker sales results and a modest decrease in persistency. We see reduced persistency as temporary and a result of a large case volatility and replacement of an administrative partner. Both impact persistency in the short run, but are designed to ensure profitable earned premium growth in future periods.  Our total benefit ratio came in at 49.1% and while at the low end of range, generally consistent with recent claims trends and our mix of business. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 35.9%. Year-to-date, we are running below the midpoint of our range. However, we expect our fourth quarter expense ratio to come in above the high end of our range due to timing and the pace of investment in the platform. The full year is expected to remain within the range. Net investment income in the U.S. is running a bit ahead of our plan for the year due to part -- due in part to higher allocation to corporate bonds and variable investment income. We've done a nice job of defending income in the face of lower rate environment and the reduction of excess capital in the U.S. subsidiaries. Overall, in the U.S. segment, we recorded a strong pretax profit margin of 20.6% at the high end of our forecasted range.  In our Corporate segment, the main driver of improved earnings is higher levels of invested capital and liquidity and amortized hedge income driven by corporate hedging program. Amortized hedge income contributed $21 million on a pretax basis to the quarter's earnings with a notional position of $3.5 billion.  Turning to capital, Japan's estimated solvency margin ratio remains in the 1000% range. Our estimated U.S. risk-based capital ratio is approximately 660%. We continue to target an RBC ratio of 500% in the U.S. for the year-end 2019.  We ended the quarter with approximately $3.4 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company. Subsidiary dividends for 2019 are concentrated in the second half of the year, so we are building excess capital above our $2 billion minimum capital and liquidity policy.  In the quarter, we repurchased 5.9 million shares for approximately $310 million. There is no change to our guidance for repurchase of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion in 2019. In terms of our EPS outlook, as Dan noted, we have revised our 2019 guidance, increasing the range to $4.35 to $4.45 per share.  Reflecting on the year, this range includes $0.05 a share of notable items that has benefited EPS thus far in 2019. While this solves for a wider range in the fourth quarter, we are assuming investment income normalizes and expenses come in at elevated levels both in the U.S. and in Japan. As we make our way through the planning process and prepare for our 2020 outlook call, I'd like to reiterate some of the key messages from our Financial Analyst Briefing and how they influenced earnings and earnings per share heading into the next year. In terms of revenue, earned premium faces headwinds in the form of a declining book of Japan first sector savings business, the dynamic of paid-up policies impacted reported earned premium and weakness in third sector sales during the period of recovery in the Japan Post system. In the U.S., we expect sales results in 2019 and into 2020 will be a headwind to earned premium growth in the short run, but expect higher growth rates beyond 2020 as we gain traction in dental and vision and direct-to-consumer.  In terms of investment income, with derisking activities and the low rate environment, we will be working hard to defend investment income at normalized 2019 levels. We do not think it's a good time to be aggressive in the search for yield. In fact, in some cases, our efforts to de-risk the portfolio provide a bump to current earnings and reduce run rate income, for example, this quarter's outsized call income and reinvestment of proceeds. Core benefit ratios are expected to remain strong and a contributor to margins. However, investment is needed to build -- to both digitize and -- our platform and address revenue growth. Our strategy of buying to build lowers the capital at risk of large-scale acquisitions, while at the same time weighing down on margins as we invest in organic growth. For example, in the U.S., if we are successful in our direct-to-consumer and dental and vision build out, you should expect some margin pressure in the early years followed by measurable earned premium growth.  Capital generation is expected to remain strong with a building level of excess capital. This affords us the capacity to invest in growth initiatives and opportunistic investments without disrupting our plans to return capital to shareholders. Therefore, absent compelling alternatives, we see 2020 repurchase activities supporting EPS in the face of any margin pressure. In closing, earnings have performed very well throughout 2019 and again, in the third quarter, but we need to actively invest and deliver on growth. We'll spend more time on the 2020 drivers with associated detail during our December outlook call.  I'll hand the call back now to David to begin our Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. We are now ready to take your questions, but first let me ask that you limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. We'll now take the first question, operator?
Operator: First question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMC.
Jamminder Bhullar: I had a question on first the Japan Post, then Dan or someone else, maybe if you could comment on your thoughts on whether sale through the Post will return to a more normal level within the next year? Or do you think volumes through the channel are going to be depressed for a lot longer given the negative publicity and potential changes in sales practices at the Post?
Daniel Amos: Well, of course, that's the hard -- difficult question for us to be sure about. My gut tells me that it will go back to the normal production levels because in today's world, new cycles are relatively short compared -- because there's so much news out there today that what used to be important is just doesn't last for as long. My sense is in Japan, it's quiet right now in regard to these issues until the December report comes out. When the December report comes out from Japan Post, there'll then be activity for a period of time and hopefully, they will have addressed all the issues which I expect them to do and then for it to calm down and go back.  We've seen no changes in persistency at Japan Post level that makes me think that the brand has been hurt in any way. Certainly, we know that people want these answers to their questions resolve in what did take place. But all in all, my sense is that they will go back, but when and how, I'm not exactly sure. I think it's not going to be -- remember that in December, the report will come out, probably the end of December, then you're going to have a little bit of period of time where there'll be discussions about, well, the enactment, all those issues. And so I would think first quarter still may have softness to it and then hopefully, we'll see it kick back up in the second quarter, maybe the second half, and then I'm hoping it will move back to more normal channels for the long term. Anybody from Japan want to comment on that?
Unidentified Company Representative: We do not have any additional comment.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And maybe if I could ask just one more, on your U.S. sales, they've been weaker than expected in the past couple of quarters, but it seems like from your guidance, you're assuming that you'll see a pickup with the broker channel in the fourth quarter. On that channel, do you have enough insight so far, like we're halfway through the quarter already, do you have any enough insight to be confident in your projections? Or do more of the sales actually come in the later part of the year, so you'll have to sort of wait and see?
Richard Williams: As we shared at the Financial Analyst Briefing, we did experience weaker than expected sales in the third quarter, primarily driven by faster decline in average weekly producers, which is really the net effect of decline in recruiting in the first half of 2019. Some positives that we did see, we saw recruiting growth pick back up in the third quarter on top of recruiting growth in the third quarter of '18 and productivity continues to be an area of growth.  In terms of the fourth quarter and the full year, just as a point of context Dan shared, flat to down slightly for the full year. And what that would mean to get to flat is 3.3% growth in the fourth quarter. And as context, in the fourth quarter of '18, we had 4.2% growth and in the fourth quarter of '17, we had 6.7% growth. So again, we work with quarterly sales guidance, but that gives you a sense of reasonables.
Daniel Amos: One other thing, Jimmy, I wanted to point out about the brand and your interest and Koide can respond to Japan Post. But I can tell you, from our perspective, our other sales projections outside Japan Post are right on target. So we've had no deterioration in anything that we can see from a new sales perspective in the other channels.
Operator: Next question is from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: Just on Japan Post, again. I think in the past, you've been talking about 2009 as being a planning year to develop other strategic relationships or initiatives, 2020 being an execution year. Would we right to think that those initiatives are now being pushed back? 2020 is more about the sales recovery in Japan Post rather than executing on anything else to drive additional growth?
Daniel Amos: Yes, I think that's going to be the case. Koide, any comments you would like to make?
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koida. In regards to the third pillar of our strategy alliance of the four initiatives. And in terms of joint investment, be it Japan Post and, of course, with Aflac, there are some results. So there are fruitful results of the two companies, Japan Post and Aflac, making investments to start-ups in September and October and this has been publicly announced and these are to the two companies of the start-ups. And in terms of other initiatives, as we've been saying, we are still continuing to our discussion. That's all from me.
Daniel Amos: But Nigel, one thing I will say is, it's pretty obvious, but first half will be the biggest challenge because we're going against the hardest comparisons. And the second half going to be relatively easy with Japan Post, because were going against such poor sales in the third quarter and we expect it to continue into the fourth quarter.
Nigel Dally: Great. Second quarter question kind of related. Just the regulatory response to Japan Post. Clearly, the regulators have been involved throughout this process, but are you hearing anything from the regulators that would suggest that they're trying to push forward some changes in the way that insurance products are generally distributed that could have an impact on your distribution channels going forward?
Daniel Amos: Koide?
Masatoshi Koide: Could you please repeat the question again? This is from Japan.
Nigel Dally: Your question is on the regulatory response, to what's been happening at Japan Post. Are the regulators looking to change in any means the way that insurance products are being distributed, trying to push through some changes in the regulations as to what's appropriate with regards to sales practices?
Masatoshi Koide: Well, first of all, what the regulators are saying to Japan Post is not something that we know. We were not in a position to be mentioning about it. However, what we know is that there is no change that we know so far in terms of the insurance solicitation based on what has happened this time. Regulation, there's no regulatory changes that we know.
Daniel Amos: And I have been with FSA this year and there's no major issues other than the fix issue there with Japan Post, which, as Koide says, we don't know all the details or how they're handling that. But no one's mentioned to us that there is anything on the horizon that we need to do to change our sales practices in any way.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: Dan, as you go through this transition in Japan, would you expect cancer sales to fall further as the medical sales ramp up? Or do you think you've bottomed out with cancer here? And I guess, relatedly since Japan Post only sells the cancer product, is there a new product that you've planned for that channel after they get through their review?
Daniel Amos: Well, as you know, we've said all along, we would like to get a new product or rider or something and we are working on that prior to these issues that came up. I think we'll pick that back up as soon as this is resolved in December. I won't know when exactly. But again, I'm expecting things to go back to normal, except corrected from the standpoint of what the FSA is required. So I do think that any way you look at it, Japan Post is Japan incorporated. It's so much a part of society that it has to be fixed and it will continue. So I do expect that to happen.  In regard to cancer sales, Tom, as I said, I expect cancer sales to be lower in the first half, my guess is, and then to be higher in the second half, and the balance is just too early to tell. I can make a guess, but that's all it is. And I don't think it would behoove you and/or me to do that, but better to delay it out and show you what the situation is and you can come to your own conclusion. But my conclusion is, it will resolve itself and we can give you much more clarity at the end of the fourth quarter when January result -- I mean we closed out the end of the year and that date of January, once passed, and the reports are out, we'll give you much more of a sense of it.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Here's again on japan Post. Are you sort of through conducting your own reviews of their sales practices or you still pursuing such reviews?
Daniel Amos: No, we're not doing their practices. It's not our responsibility per se. We have to let the FSA, who's already in the process of doing that, from their own. And for us to get in the middle of it, I think, would cause us problems. We have, as you well know, reviewed any issues concerning policies that were written. And as I told you, it was 0.006%, so a very small fraction. And so we are confident that there is not a big problem based on that alone, but we will wait till their report is out. And if the FSA wants more, we'd be glad to help them, but we do not see this as being our issue but really their issue that they are handling.
Operator: Next question is from the line of John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: As you prepare for the rollout of the 10 states with the Argus product next year, how would this change the dynamics in your own conversations with maybe existing broker partners and potential new partners as we reach year-end 2019?
Richard Williams: John, really this further expands our value proposition to be number one distributor of benefits solutions. It gets us on the discussion of front page benefits. And so not only with brokers but also with small businesses with our existing associates. So we are actually excited about it. Obviously, it's measurable route, so that we can get a good sense on how to roll this out nationally in 2021. But it is definitely further expanding our value proposition.
Teresa White: And certainly, this is one of the things that I hired Rich for. Rich is absolutely working with not just the brokers, but the career agency side to ensure that this Argus -- the Argus transition works well. So I'm very excited about that.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: I'm curious about the competitive landscape in the United States and how that's affecting your -- how pricing is being affected? And when you're going up to renew accounts, is there a potential persistency issue?
Richard Williams: Thank you, Andrew. So first of all, in the U.S., we continue to see an abundance of opportunity and need for our products and services, so we're very encouraged in the marketplace by that. In terms of just pricing and competitive nature, that tends to be more on the broker distribution marketplace and really more upmarket. And we've said it like in the prior quarter, we experience large case volatility from time to time because there will be some irrational pricing in the market, and we're going to be measured and we're not going to make poor decisions there. So -- but overall, an abundance of opportunity, lots of opportunities in the mid-market and then we will be selective upmarket, but again, very encouraged.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Just a question for -- in terms of the buy-and-build appetite. So looking at your current product portfolio, what areas would you be interested in those buy-and-build opportunities? And how should we think about any kind of in terms of buys, like what is your appetite for those?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, let me make -- this is Fred, let me make a comment and then I'll welcome Teresa or Rich to comment. But -- the areas of interest on buy-to-build play off of Rich's comments and that is we have concluded that it is important for our overall core business to have good solutions on the so-called first page of the benefit enrollment platform. And this would include dental and vision but also would include areas of True Group Life and Disability, where we currently have partnerships in place but would look to advance the ball in that area. And so that's where we tend to look. The important dynamic of buy to build is that we don't think it makes sense to be writing big checks on large-scale platforms. And the reason for that is because we bring so much to the table in the way of client list and brand and distribution capability and brokerage relationships that it's far more economic for us to build that value organically once we have the platforms in place and the expertise.  The other dynamic I would tell you that's unique to Aflac is of the 470-or-so thousand businesses that we do business with in U.S., the vast majority of them are small businesses. And one of the things you'll find characteristically when you move towards the first page of the enrollment platform is you also tend to be moving up into not only the brokerage space but into the large case space. That business tends to be dominated in the 1000 and up category of workforce and we have built the company on the basis of small businesses.  And so the reason why buy to build makes particular sense for us is because we are often needing to shape or reshape the platform to be particularly interesting, if you will, to go down market. And the vast majority of these platforms are built for the upmarket, large case, and quite honestly, there isn't often a lot of growth there. It's more exchanging cases between competitors, whereas the small business dynamic in the U.S. is a pure growth opportunity.  So there's a lot of strategic reasons as well as financial reasons why buy to build makes sense. As I said in my comments though, the good news, perhaps as an investor, is you avoid things like large goodwill and execution risk and integration challenges, and that's good news when it comes to the balance sheet and use of capital and capital at risk. The "bad news" is you have to saddle up to a level of expense and margin compression in the short run, while you go to organically build up that platform. And what we are charged with doing is defining that spend as well as the benefits or the growth in incremental earned premium that comes from the investment.
Teresa White: I'll just mention a couple of things. Fred talked about the small business and the number of small businesses that we have relationships with. I also feel that buy-to-build strategy gives us unique opportunity to develop an ecosystem that will help us to better serve the small business as well. And so those are things that we look at as we look at this strategy.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.
Taylor Scott: Actually, I had my question answered, sorry about that.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: On U.S. earned premiums, I think they dipped a bit sequentially, which I believe was related to both sales as well as some producer actions you took. So can you just provide a bit color there? And then based on Fred's comments, am I right to see these as modest headwinds persisting into 2020?
Teresa White: Do you want to start with the sales piece and then I'll pick up on the producer?
Richard Williams: Yes, absolutely. So as we said, at the end of the second quarter, obviously, we made some business decisions around partnerships to exit that were not profitable and that certainly impacted not only persistency but translates into earned premium as well as some large case volatility. So that right there, sort of, took our trajectory short term down. So Teresa, I don't know if you want to comment.
Teresa White: Yes, I'll be a little bit more specific. We stopped doing business with a billing partner and this partner provided unique services for Aflac. At the end of the day, we just did not see the economics work for our business. And so you'll see that go through our persistency; you'll see that go through our premium. And, again, we believe it's a right decision to make for the enterprise and for the platform, but you will see some short-term volatility in those numbers.
Operator: Next question is from the line of John Nadel of UBS.
John Nadel: My focus this morning is on U.S. sales. And I guess, I have a couple of questions that are all related and I'd like to get them all in before the operator cuts me off. But I guess -- I'm trying to understand, in a down 4% or 4-and-change percent year-over-year quarter, and I guess, for the year, you are slightly down on a year-to-date basis, can you bifurcate for us, either over the short term, the discrete quarter or on the year-to-date basis or both, what the performance looks like for the broker channel versus your traditional or historical agent channel?  And then, along with that, how much of an impact is this single partner relationship that you've exited and how can we think about the impact that, that is having on sales just given that partnership is no longer in place and I assume contributed some level of sales to the year-ago period and will have done so through what the first quarter of 2020 or second quarter of 2020? I guess if you could speak to those couple of issues then I think, it would help just maybe get a little bit of confidence on -- the fourth quarter is so important at this point given the contribution from the broker channel.
Richard Williams: Okay, so I'd also like to take those two questions. So first of all, of our sales holistically are impacted really by the average weekly producer year-to-date. Dan has alluded in his comments that we've seen our broker distribution continue to perform above the market, and so that's really how I would bifurcate that. And again, average weekly producer is really impaired or impacted just by the decline in first half of the year on recruiting. So I think recruiting is about a six month lag and so I think that's how you can think about what's happening there. As we think about the partner and the exit of that particular relationship, fortunately, the sales are not a significant percentage of the overall sales of Aflac U.S. However, they do impact our associates who have existing clients and re-enrollments. And so that does take some of their focus off of that. And obviously, the exit of that partnership, because it's been a partnership for several years, has enforced premium ramifications. And so that's how -- why you see it working itself through earned premium.
Daniel Amos: I want to say one thing about the broker business. Our agents are still key because they represent 2/3 of our business, but the broker business for us is doing great. I mean it's growing at twice the rate of the industry right now, and so we're very pleased with that. And we believe that -- and our focus is not just on broker, our focus is on our agents and our distribution channel there as well and the point being that when you're at full employment, it is harder to recruit people from a commission standpoint. And I've experienced that over the years. And that's why I've always said there is a balance. When it's a bad economy, there's not as many people at the worksite working, but it's easier to hire. When it's a full economy, which we haven't seen very often, there are plenty of people at the worksite, but it gets the people to call on them that we can hire. So it's a mix bag. So I do think we're doing all the right things. And there's some similarities with this and Japan and that the corporate agency structure has been the slow part but it has been these outside like for example, Japan Post, that has driven the growth. What's really been driving the growth, even though not as much as we want, has been the broker channel. And this other partner thing is a small detail that only because this is all in one quarter that you noticed it as much, it won't -- next year, you won't even see it.
Teresa White: And it'll just arrive through our 12 month rolling persistency and that's where you'll see it go through the numbers. But you're right, you won't see from a sales perspective.
Daniel Amos: Yes, you won't see it from a sales perspective.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ian Ryave of Bank of America.
Ian Ryave: Just first on hedge cost in Japan. They went up sequentially. Is it just really a function of growing out the dollar investment portfolio? And I realize you locked in a lot of those hedge costs. Is it really a change in the hedge ratio? Or is it a factor in the market environment? What are the key drivers that they get higher or lower?
Daniel Amos: Ian, you did a great job actually. You hit it on the head. There's nothing from our perspective really unexpected. It ties back to our investment plan and the growth of the dollar assets, particularly the loan portfolio throughout the year. So in our investment planning, we knew as we progress throughout the year and buy those assets, come around the third quarter, our hedge costs would be higher. So it is volume related but planned volume. The other thing I should mention, just to attach to that, as a reminder, if hedge costs go up and the way it went up because it's related to volume, it also means our income went up attached to it. So our net of those two numbers is more or less precisely within our planning throughout the year or so. That's exactly what it is.
Operator: Last question is from John Barnidge of Sandler O'Neill.
John Barnidge: So as we look towards next year, Tokyo is having Olympics, is there planning around marketing? And do you view that as a good platform to engage with potential audience to buy the products? And what your plans are for that?
Daniel Amos: Koide or whoever would like to take that question?
Masatoshi Koide:  And in terms of Olympics, there is really no plan [Technical Difficulty].
Frederick Crawford: I think we can probably finish the answer to the question for you. There'll be a very modest level of normal activity that takes place from a marketing perspective with groups of individuals and key clientele and all that, but there is no major plan dynamics around the Tokyo Olympics at this time that would be any sort of measurable impact to our financials.
David Young: At with that, I think, that is our last call and our last question. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And remind you that we will be having our 2020 outlook call on December 2nd. That morning, we will provide more details of the coming weeks. And please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations department for more information and with any questions that you may have. We look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor & Rating Agency Relations.
David Young: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results. In addition, joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our management team in the United States. Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Max Brodén, Deputy CFO and Treasurer. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director; President of Aflac International, Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and Principal Financial Officer; Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of Aflac’s website at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. I’ll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Before I begin, I would like to briefly address news reports regarding sales practices at Japan Post Insurance. As CEO, let me start out by saying that we are not aware of any compliance issues related to the sale of Aflac’s cancer insurance by Japan Post or Japan Post Insurance at this time nor have we found any issue today. Aflac has an extremely strong compliance culture in Japan and The United States. In Japan specifically, we have compliance processes in place with all of our alliance partners, including Japan Post. I am fully committed to upholding the strong compliance culture as it is essential to maintaining the strength of our brand, reputation and franchise. Under our 2013 alliance agreement with Japan Post Group, the alliance Compliance Committee meets quarterly to review compliance trends and issues relating to cancer insurance sales within the postal’s channel and take action as appropriate. In addition, in response to this recent development, we are conducting a voluntary review of whether there are market conduct problems similar to those being reported regarding Japan Post Insurance products and the Japan Post channel. As I mentioned, at this time, we are not aware of any such problems related to the sale of Aflac cancer insurance by Japan Post or Japan Post Insurance, but we’ll work closely with them to ensure that our strong compliance practices are upheld. Should we become aware of any practices that are inconsistent with our compliance standards, we will take the necessary action and steps to address it immediately. In the interim, we will continue to offer Aflac cancer insurance as part of our strategic alliance, and we do not believe that this impacts Japan Post Holdings investment in Aflac Incorporated stuff. Now let me begin by talking about the second quarter of 2019, which rounded out a strong first half of the year for Aflac in terms of earnings, capital generation and financial strength. We are facing certain short-term headwinds on the sales front and the results are trending slightly below our expectations. I will touch on sales dynamics in a moment. But in terms of driving long-term value as we remain confident in hitting our important earned premium targets for the year. Let me give you more details, starting with our Japan operations. Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor, generated strong financial results. Brad will provide more details. But let me just say that in the end terms, the results on adjusted basis were better than expected for the quarter, posting near-record pretax profit margins. As you know, we take a longer-term perspective when it comes to our business. Our focus remains on maintaining our leadership in the third sector insurance products that are less interest rate sensitive and have strong and stable margins. At the same time, we complement this core business with similarly profitable first sector protection products. To that end, we will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new products that our policyholders want and need. We are also continuing to fully engage a wide-reaching distribution network. Our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success as do our alliance partners. We continue to be Japan’s No. 01 provider of cancer and medical insurance. Consistent with our outlook comments in the first quarter, sales results in terms of year-over-year comparisons were heavily influenced by the successful launch of our breast cancer product in the second quarter of 2018. As a reminder, that was a quarter where we enjoyed a whopping 47% increase in cancer sales and a 16% increase in third sector sales. In addition, the approach to refreshment of our medical product in 2019 takes a rider versus a whole policy approach. This is designed for improved economics that naturally results in lower reported sales. Recognizing this change in approach, we are pleased with the increase in medical sales as well as the overall cancer insurance and sales production in our associate channel. Taking everything into consideration, we believe it’s prudent to assume that there is a risk in achieving our 2019 guidance of the low-to mid-single-digit decline in the third sector and first sector product sales. However, we remain on track to hit our first sector protection and third sector earned premium growth of 1% to 2% increase for 2019. Turning to Aflac U.S. We are pleased with the financial performance. The pretax profit margin exceeded our expectations both for the quarter and for the first half of the year, which is significant because these results also reflect ongoing investments in our platform, distribution and customer experience. With respect to Aflac U.S. sales, our broker strategies have paid off, and that business continues to grow bolstered by healthy pipeline of business. We have also been encouraged by the progress on the direct-to-consumer platform and associates alliance, which are still in the early stage. Our main challenge within our career distribution is recruiting and retaining associates and then translating into average weekly producers. As you know, recruiting commissioned-only associates in a strong economy has always been a headwind. Setting aside economic conditions, there are also a couple of tactical issues that have impacted sales results in the first half of 2019, yet we believe are positive for the long-term and profitable earned premium growth. These tactical issues have resulted in essentially flat sales year-to-date, which makes it harder to reach the low end of the guidance range. To put this in perspective and despite these headwinds, we still anticipate marginal growth over last year’s record level of sales. Ultimately, we seek to grow profitable earned premium and continue to anticipate achieving a 2% to 3% earned premium growth target in 2019. Looking to the long term, as you may have seen, a few weeks ago, when we announced an agreement to acquire Argus Dental & Vision, Argus is a high-quality respected provider of turnkey administrative services supporting Medicare Advantage and Medicaid Network Dental and Vision products on behalf of large health care providers. This is very important strategic move for Aflac U.S. and that it provides a platform to build Aflac’s network dental and vision products. And most importantly, it places our naming on the front page of the benefit enrollment process. Along with supporting the growth of Argus administrative franchise, we see Argus as providing Aflac with an opportunity for greater penetration into the approximately 460,000 businesses we currently serve. We also believe it opens the door to new clients that respect our brand and strong customer service model. We expect our dental and vision strategy will serve to improve recruiting and retention of agents and drives sales growth through broker and direct to consumer. Argus announcement is consistent with our approach to balancing our financial strength with reinvesting in our business, increasing the dividend and repurchasing shares. While Aflac has been more than an organic growth story, we recognize that prudent investment is critical to our growth strategy and driving efficiencies that will impact the bottom line for the long-term. With this in mind, we look for opportunities to accelerate growth through measured bolt-on transactions that build upon our core competency of supplemental insurance and leverage our brand and distribution strengths without requiring extensive amounts of capital. At the same time, we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the bondholder, the shareholder and the policyholder. Finally, this does not impact our plan to repurchase in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion of our shares in 2019, with this range allowing us to be more tactical. This gives you an overview of the quarter and the first six months of the year. As you can see, we remain focused on the initiatives designed to drive growth both in the U.S. and in Japan. Looking ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will reflect the underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and The United States. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balances the interest of all stakeholders. As always, we are working very hard to achieve our earnings per share objective, while also ensuring we deliver our promise to the policyholders. I’ll conclude by saying that I continue to be excited about Aflac’s future growth. Now I’ll turn the program over to Fred to cover the financial results. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Results for the second quarter extended our strong start to the year on the earnings front, exceeding our forecasted expectations. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.13 represent a 5.6% increase over the 2018 quarter. Earnings benefited from continued strong margins both in Japan and in the U.S. Our reported results were modestly impacted by weakening of the yen as compared to the 2018 period, reducing our earnings by $0.01 per share in the quarter. With respect to adjusted earnings, we are gradually building an alternative investment portfolio, which includes private equity and real estate equity investments. On a consolidated basis, we have committed $1.3 billion to our alternative investment portfolio. Of this amount, approximately $460 million has actually been called and invested to-date. In the quarter, variable investment income generated from this building portfolio contributed approximately $0.01 to adjusted earnings per share when compared to our expectations. Turning to our Japan segment. Earned premium for our first quarter protection type and third sector products increased 1.7% and in line with expectations. As noted in my first quarter comments, a portion of our medical sales in 2017 was a newly introduced two-pay product, which will modestly impact third sector earned premium turns. Again, it’s important to note that earned premium strain from paid-up policies does not impact profitability. Our total benefit ratio came in at 68.9% and slightly below our annual guidance range. We continue to enjoy favorable third sector benefit ratios and associated reserve adjustments as well as the continued shift in business mix from our first sector towards third sector, which carries a lower benefit ratio. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20.5%, consistent with our projected range. We expect our expense ratio will rise in the second half of the year, as we accelerate product development expenses readying for 2020, along with natural timing of sales and marketing spend. Net investment income in our Japan segment contributed to our strong results. As mentioned earlier, variable investment income contributed, along with build in our floating rate loan portfolio. The low rate environment is certainly a headwind in terms of new money rates. Recognizing market expectations for a Fed rate cut, it’s important to recall that we have locked in approximately 75% of Japan’s floating rate income and 90% of our hedge cost for 2019. Thus, we anticipate very little impact to investment income. Overall, in Japan, we recorded a very strong pretax profit margin of 21.9%, consistent with our first quarter results and coming in higher than our forecasted range. Turning to the U.S. results. Despite weakness in year-to-date sales, earned premium was up a steady 2.3%. Our total benefit ratio came in at 50.2% and at the lower end of our annual guidance range and generally consistent with recent claims trends in our mix of business. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 34.8%. While higher than 2018 levels, year-to-date, our expense ratio was traveling at the lower end of our 2019 outlook range of 35% to 37%. This favorable year-to-date results are attributed to timing issues and the pace of investment in our distribution platform, promotional spend and investment in digital initiatives. Much like Japan, we expect our expense ratio to increase throughout the remainder of the year. Net investment income in the U.S. is running a bit ahead of our plan, due in part to modest increase in allocation to corporates and variable investment income. Note also that we start pulling excess capital out of the U.S. in the second half of the year, which has an impact on segment investment income. Overall, in the U.S., we recorded a strong pretax profit margin of 20.6%, consistent with our first quarter results and at the high end of our forecasted range. In our corporate segment, the main driver of improved earnings year-over-year is the amortized hedge income driven by our corporate hedging program. The program reduces our economic exposure to the yen while lowering enterprise-wide hedge cost. Amortized hedge income contributed $20 million on the pretax basis to the quarter’s earnings with a notional position at the end of the quarter of $3 billion. Turning to capital. Japan’s solvency margin ratio has increased with the drop in rates, now exceeding 1,000%. If you remove the impact of unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, our SMR ratio stands at roughly 900%. Our estimated U.S. risk-based capital ratio at quarter end is in the 700% range. RBC is a bit elevated as we have planned increases in operating dividends and the drawdown of $500 million of excess capital scheduled for later this year. We continue to target an RBC ratio of 500% for year-end 2019. We ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company. This is a bit reduced from traditional levels, but simply due to timing, with material subsidiary dividends paid in the second half of the year. Asset quality remains strong with very little in the way of impairments. In the quarter, we repurchased 6.9 million shares of Aflac common stock for approximately $357 million. We are maintaining our current range for repurchase of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion in 2019. I’d like to follow-up on Dan’s comments and make a few brief remarks on our definitive agreement to acquire Argus Dental & Vision. The transaction represents a commitment of $75 million in capital at closing and an additional $21 million in consideration paid over three years based on achieving certain performance targets. As noted in our announcement, we do not see the transaction impacting 2019 financial guidance for Aflac U.S., and there is no material impact to our capital deployment plans. We anticipate only a modest impact in 2020 results as it will be a natural integration and building year. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions, and we expect to close in the fourth quarter. Stepping back, the Argus announcement is consistent with our broader approach to tactical M&A. We seek to acquire respected platforms with knowledgeable executive teams for a measured amount of capital at risk. In this case, our return on investment is driven by continued growth in the administrative services business of Argus, the build of profitable Aflac network dental and vision premium and the indirect benefit of further lift in our overall supplemental worksite franchise. In terms of our annual EPS outlook for the year, we are guiding to the high end of our currency neutral range of $4.10 to $4.30 per share. We are certainly tracking year-to-date at a pace that exceeds the range. However, we are only halfway through 2019. And as mentioned, timing of expenses has contributed to our year-to-date results, and we have important growth and platform investments scheduled in the second half of the year. In closing, the second quarter represents a continuation of our strong earnings and margins, both in Japan and the U.S. Capital generation remains robust. And our Argus announcement represents a sound tactical move to drive growth in the U.S. I’ll now hand the call back to David to begin our Q&A session. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions. But first, let me ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up, to allow other participants an opportunity to their questions. We will now take the first question. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your may now ask your question.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. So I had a question on sales and specifically first on U.S. sales. Teresa, if you could talk about what drove the weakness this quarter? And I think you haven’t had weak – negative sales in the U.S. for several years. And are you still confident in results improving and you being able to achieve sales close to, I think, previously you said they’d be stable for the year versus 2018?
Teresa White: Jimmy, I’ll let Rich speak to the sales question. I’ll just make a strategic comment. One of the things that we’re really focusing on is earned premium growth. And some of the tactical things that Rich will talk about, some of the decisions that we made have impacted the sales side from an earned premium growth, profitable earned premium growth perspective. So I’ll let Rich speak specifically to the sales.
Rich Williams: Thank you, Teresa. As Dan had mentioned, there were couple of tactical issues that created some headwinds in the quarter alone that we actually believe will be long-term favorable for sales and for earned premium growth. The first issue that we speak to, which occurs from time to time is simply large case volatility, and this also can create a little bit of noise and persistency, but we are actually comfortable with those decisions and confident it’s favorable to the company. Second, we consistently evaluate our partnerships to ensure they are profitable. And in the quarter, we made a decision to no longer move forward with a particular partnership, which impacts sales in the short term, but in terms of profitable earned premium growth will actually be positive to the company. And then, I think, the third part of your question, again, Dan alluded to the fact they were essentially flat year-to-date. We realized it would take a favorable second half of the year. We performed like that in prior years, but we know it’ll take a good finish to the second half of the year, which is why I think Dan mentioned we anticipate seeing growth for the year. We’ll leave it at that.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And if I could just ask one more on Japan sales, have you seen any impact from – on your sales via the Post because of all the commotion and sort of publicity about sales practices at the Post? And do you feel that this could affect sort of the long – the Post and sales via the channel longer term, even though it’s not related directly to your sales?
Dan Amos: I’ll start with that and then if Japan wants to step in, they can say something. But what I would say is, is our projection is, as anytime something of this magnitude is brought up with – in this particular case Japan Post, it’s taken everyone’s attention over there. And so with that means there’s less attention on sales. So I do – we do expect some impact. We’re in July. So we don’t have numbers that we know that are representative of what the quarter will turn out to be. So it’s too hard to tell. But certainly, in my earlier comments, we are expecting some softness, and we’ll just have to watch it and see. And accordingly, we’ll – the one thing I will say is we’re having a better than what we had anticipated with our existing distribution channel. So they are doing quite well. So we will continue to push there as well, and then we’ll just take it and see what happens.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners. You may now ask your question.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. A question for Teresa about Argus. Can you talk about your expectation for the integration and the rollout of Aflac-branded network products? I think one of the main key appeal for the Argus acquisition is to move into the network’s dental products as opposed to the indemnity products that you offer. So maybe you can talk about some of the opportunities that you see and kind of where you see the sales can get to?
Teresa White: So I’ll start out. And Rich Williams, I have to give him credit. This is one of the properties that he brought on to the Aflac platform. One of the things that really we feel good about, as it relates to Argus, is that it will accelerate our earned premium growth beginning 2020, and we believe that, and places Aflac on the first page of the benefits enrollment. We believe that that’s good for us from an access standpoint, but we also feel that it will be great from a persistency perspective as well. Specifically to the tactical pieces and the integration, I’ll let Rich speak to that. Rich?
Rich Williams: All right. Thank you, Teresa, and I’ll just echo your comments. Obviously, the demand for network dental and vision continues to be very high. It is very consistent with our growth strategy in accessing all the markets that we know we want to serve. And it actually allows us to reach through all three of the distribution approaches that Dan mentioned our career agents, our brokers and direct-to-consumer. Again, just echoing the comments, I think, Fred mentioned it, we will in 2020 will have a measured rollout. And then in 2021, going forward, we’ll have a national rollout, and we’re very excited about this.
Dan Amos: The one thing I would note is, this dental and vision is predominantly for small- to medium-size accounts. The large accounts are much more aggressive and less profitable, and so we see this – it’s that correct space…
Teresa White: We say it as a primary play. It’s a small business, and that’s where we see the greatest need. However, because of the Aflac brand and our partnerships with larger businesses, our larger brokers houses, we see an opportunity there as well.
Humphrey Lee: So just looking at dental and vision sales right now, they’re kind of probably running a little less than $80 million a year or so. Do you expect that to kind of maybe becoming multiples of that kind of in a few years? How should we think about the sales growth trajectory?
Rich Williams: So obviously we have projections that we’ve looked at over the long term for the network dental and vision. And I think what we would like to do is lay it out in more detail the entire business plan at the Financial Analyst Briefing in September.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. Thank you. Good morning. First question just back to Japan Post. It was my sense that you were considering rolling out a new medical product in the second half of the year. I’m assuming that’s probably on hold. And any color around that?
Fred Crawford: Well, let me make sure that you understand the record – and this is Fred. There’s been no announcement or official plan to rollout any medical or additional third sector product within the Japan Post system. What is true is that one of the pillars of the alliance is to explore product extension, and it’s only natural that it would likely involve – to the degree we rollout additional product, it would likely involve third sector products. I wouldn’t be as specific as to say medical products per se. But those discussions are under development. As we’ve said before, this year 2019, is much more of a building out plans and looking for those opportunities that makes sense. What I’d also say is that it is very important. It’s always been very important that when we think about product, any new product in the Japan Post system that there’s really three parties involved. Obviously, Aflac and obviously the Japan Post postal system where we currently distribute cancer product. But we also are mindful of Japan Post Insurance and the type of product development activities they have underway. And so it’s really the three parties that need to come together and understand those dynamics when it comes to expanded product. But right now, there really are no official plans that are prepared for any type of announcement. It’s really more a planning year on that front.
Dan Amos: Ariyoshi or Koji, would you – I mean, Koide, would you like to make any comment?
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide from Aflac Japan. So let’s comment [indiscernible].
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Should I follow up with the second question?
David Young: Go ahead please.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Thank you. So the Japan benefits ratio was superb at 68.9% versus your guided 69% to 71% for the year, and it was clearly led by the third sector products. Do you think this is the new normal? Can we expect to see either low end or even below low end of that guidance that you had laid out?
Fred Crawford: I think one thing is for sure is that, the benefit ratio thus far year-to-date in Japan is traveling at the low end of our expected range. It is based on fundamentals in terms of the claims dynamics and associated reserve adjustments. Interesting, last year, you may recall the benefit ratio was somewhat brought down by lapse in reissue activity where you’d see naturally a lower benefit ratio and a higher expense ratio, as you release reserves on products and then write down DAC, et cetera. So you had a number of moving parts that were influencing ratios last year. So I think there is some stability in that favorable level of benefit ratios. I think you have to be careful because claims activity can move around. But given the size of our product set and the amount of in-force we have, they tend to be fairly stable. One thing I would note though is you have really more of an influence from mix than you do downward trends in third sector benefit ratio. If you look at third sector benefit ratio over the years, over the last two, three years, you’ve certainly seen that downward pressure and that’s helping results. And I would say, it’s stabilizing around the current levels. But what you see in terms of our reported benefit ratios on a consolidated basis is largely attributed to the mix shift from first sector to third sector. But the answer to your question, Andrew, is yes, there’s nothing that tells us that we would see certainly any deterioration. Material improvement, I think that’s a bit speculative at this point, but it’s certainly favorable.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott: Good morning. First question I had also on Japan Post. I just wanted to revisit it because I guess when I look at what Japan Post disclosed, I mean it sounded like a fair amount of the concern was specifically around lapse and reissue. And I know that you guys have had a fair amount of lapse and reissue in the couple of years as you’ve expanded into additional Japan Post offices. So I guess what gives you comfort that the lapse and reissue activity that you saw is somehow different from the lapse and reissue activity that Japan Post is concerned about?
Fred Crawford: I’ll start. This is Fred. I’ll start by answering and then certainly welcome any commentary from our Japan colleagues. But let me start by saying that it’s very difficult for us to make any assumptions around what the dynamics are as it relates to lapse and replacement or any sort of redundancy of policy dynamics that are being investigated on the Japan Post and Japan Post Insurance side. So I don’t want to speculate on the nature of those products other than to say it’s very different than a cancer product. In the case of our cancer products, remember, a great portion, if not all of the lapse and reissue activity, is really related to the fact that it is a greatly improved product. When you go four years between the improvement of an old cancer product and a new cancer product, you’re talking about fairly substantial advancements in the quality of coverage because there’s been substantial advancements in the quality of care treatment that has developed in the cancer space. The other dynamic that we added this year is we have a rider feature on the cancer product that allows for a premium waiver feature while you’re on claim, and that was new and also very attractive to the client and when you do a lapse, and so for starters, there’s really strong dynamics around the improvement for the client to move into a new cancer product. Now when you do, do a lapse and reissue, one of the things that you have to be very careful about is we’re reunderwriting the individual, okay? So there’s a new underwriting process. And our policies have essentiality a delay, if you will, coverage doesn’t kick in for about three months or so. That’s a natural feature of cancer products. So when you buy the cancer product, you go for a period, a wait period, so to speak, of about three months. And one of the things that we’re very, very careful about in our compliance standards and it’s all with the customer focus is we do not want any of our customers to go through any period of time where they have inadvertently gone naked on coverage or have no coverage, particularly with something that can be a severe and impactful as cancer diagnosis. So we take great strides to ensure that there is that level of consistency and coverage throughout, and that naturally will have a bit of an overlapping period for lapse and reissue, but it’s in the spirit of protecting the client. So I just want to make sure you understand. It’s a very different product dynamic. It requires a different type of attention to compliance to look out for the customers’ interest, and that makes it a very different dynamic than what we understand to be the situation in the broader level of investigation in products.
Dan Amos: Any comments, Koide.
Masatoshi Koide: We do not have any additional comments.
Dan Amos: Okay.
Alex Scott: So maybe my follow-up, just switching over, I guess, to reserves, rate assumptions, I mean can you comment at all on sort of what you guys assume in terms of ultimate rate assumptions? And I know a lot of your products dissects these. So I think there’s plenty of margin there. I wouldn’t expect any kind of impact as we go through actuarial review process, et cetera. But any impact on DAC or anything else we should be thinking about as we kind of head into that?
Fred Crawford: No. I would say, in general, our products, particularly as it relates to reserve adequacy and reserve reviews are not very sensitive to rate estimates. You will naturally – if you are resetting your long-term rate assumptions in your gross premium valuation work, you will naturally see that as a net negative to the margins you have. But it’s so overwhelmed by morbidity margin that we have in our products that it tends simply not to be a mover. We disclose, as you know, our gross premium valuation margins. And I’ve said this to my team here coming from companies that are in the retirement space, the type of GPV margins we have on our actuarial analysis, I’ve never seen before in my career. So you have very large actuarial margins up into the mid-teens and higher, and that’s driven by morbidity. So even when you take a downdraft of margin compression related to low prolonged interest rates, we just simply have a comfortable position. It’s not true across all product categories. Certainly, first sector more savings oriented products can be a bit more pressured, but they’re, again, because of our investment strategies backing those products, we have healthy margins. So I don’t have any concern on that front. But it is, of course, is a headwind to net investment income. That’s really more on earnings and GAAP issue, but it’s certainly not keeping me awake on the reserve front.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW. You may now ask your question.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. One more question on the Japan Post. They announced that they’re going – they plan to eliminate sales targets. Does that also apply to their sale of Aflac’s products or just their own?
Dan Amos: Koide, take that, please?
Masatoshi Koide: Yes. We agreed with Japan Post that our sales targets will continue.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. So they will continue to have them for your product. Thanks. And then, Fred, on short-term interest rates, I know you mentioned there wouldn’t be much impact in 2019. As you move into 2020, how would you expect impact from the floaters relative to hedging costs to come through? Should they mostly offset or would you see some impact?
A – Fred Crawford: Yes, you have it right. Because we have hedged the majority, if not all of our floating rate portfolio in Japan, as you roll off the locked in LIBOR rates and the locked in hedge costs and you roll into 2020, all things held equal, you end up rolling into, yes, lower LIBOR rates but also lower associated hedge cost. And therefore, the net effect of those issues on net investment income end up being muted. Now there can be some dislocation in the market between hedge costs coming down and LIBOR rates coming down. It tends to generally be a rule of thumb that they’re aligned and correlated, but there can be dislocation. But absent any sort of minor dislocation, we think net investment income is somewhat protected because of the just the nature of the fact that we have a hedge dynamic on the floating rate instruments.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. You may now ask your question.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Maybe a follow-up on that line on just the investment income. And Eric, if you could comment about where you’re investing new money? And if there’s any change sort of strategically in terms of where you’re investing? And if the kind of the floating rate portfolio still makes the most sense and is getting attractive yields at this point?
Eric Kirsch: Sure. Our investment plan and where we’re investing is consistent with our investment plans. No major left or right turns. And it’s also consistent with the strategic asset allocation work that we do with the portfolio. On the margin, as you’re looking forward, there is a point or two of additional U.S. dollar investing relative to yen investing, but that’s consistent with our long-term plans. Within the U.S. allocation, the floaters continue to be attractive for us. But I would emphasize, our criteria is strong, strong underwriting. It is equally why we like the asset class because we get preferred terms and conditions. But even within those asset classes of middle market loans and transitional real estate, we see some spread compression because they’re attractive in the market. But when I compare those to, say, investment-grade corporates where we have a healthy portfolio and spreads are so tight, we still like the relative value of loans. And one other aspect that I’ll mention. As you look at our new money investments, particularly for the loan portfolio, which are typically three to five to seven years in maturity, a number of those loans has a natural prepayment. Some business plans end up getting completed sooner. Some projects just want to get refinanced. So some of the new investments are simply rolling over from prepayments and finding new loans to replace those. So that’s at a high level some of the things we’re seeing and where we’re investing.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then one follow-up on the dental acquisition. Just thinking more strategically, I mean, how do you see having that capability changing your competitive position? And does it open doors with either new brokers or new employers that you haven’t been able to access historically?
A – Fred Crawford: I think yes is certainly the first answer. Dan mentioned in his comments with our existing client base of 460,000 businesses, that’s a great opportunity for cross-sell. But we also know, as Teresa alluded to us getting in the first page the benefits menu that this is going to open new accounts for us especially in that small business marketplace, which also has the halo effect on additional voluntary and supplemental sales.
Dan Amos: The one thing in respect to Japan – I mean to U.S. group business was we were overwhelmed with the business when we first took it on. And Teresa is making absolutely sure that, that doesn’t happen in this case because we went backwards, before we took one step back – we took two steps forward. Teresa wants to make sure we take two steps forward. So we’re rolling this out in a more effective manner, and so that’s going to be very important. But everyone is excited about the potential for what it can do long term. Not – certainly not this year and not even next year because we’re just rolling this out.
Teresa White: We have a limited rollout in 22.
Dan Amos: 2021 is the year.
Teresa White: 2021 is the year. Absolutely.
Operator: Next question is from the line of John Barnidge of Sandler O’Neill. Your line is now open.
John Barnidge: My questions on U.S. persistency. The last couple of years ticked up in 2Q sequentially, but this year ticked down. I understand it’s modest. But is there any color whether related to the partnership that you stopped dealing what that drove it?
Teresa White: The answer is yes. Consistent with Dan’s remark, we knew we were going to have a little bit of noise as it relates to persistency as we’ve started looking at some of partnerships. And again, the goal is generating high-quality sales with good persistency. And so we’re really trying to drive the earned premium – profitable earned premium growth perspective. So you’ve got it out in life
John Barnidge:
. :
Fred Crawford: So a couple of things. First of all, network dental and vision does have an element of employer paid. And so consequently, the persistency is certainly higher than we see on our supplemental products. So that’s favorable. But we also know that as they value the network dental and vision product, that can have a halo effect on our sort of our core supplemental benefits. It’s also a different wallet, so that’s another thing that we’re excited about. So less likely for cannibalization of our core supplemental benefit sales. So the combination of those things is what gives us optimism.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: Back to Japan Post, if I could. Dan, can you help us – I know it’s early days, but can you help us maybe frame the size of this issue in terms of the impact on consumers? I mean, if we go back little over 10 years ago…
Dan Amos: I can’t hear you.
Suneet Kamath: Can you hear me now? Can you hear me now?
Dan Amos: Yes.
Suneet Kamath: Perfect. Sorry about that. So what I was trying to get at is if you could help us frame the size of this Japan Post issue, given I acknowledge that it’s early days. We went through that whole claims payment issue little over 10 years ago, and I just want to get a sense of what it’s doing in the competitive dynamics or the consumer in Japan to the extent you can comment?
Dan Amos: I wish I knew. I don’t know. We don’t think it’s going to be tremendous, and we certainly don’t think it’s long term because we believe Japan Post will fix whatever problems they’ve got as soon and as quickly as they can. I can give you more color on it at the end of the next quarter. But I’ve got to get a quarter under our belt to see. We never had an issue like this where another distribution channel has had a situation like this. And frankly, we don’t know all the inner workings nor should we expect to know what’s going on with Japan Post. We do know that they’re continuing to sell our product, and we know that consumers want and need cancer insurance and will be buying it, and it’s a top line issue in Japan to make sure they are covered. So other than that, I really do not know. But the claims review was an industry issue not specific to one insurer. So other than that, that’s my only comment.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. That’s fair. And I guess Masatoshi
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide again, Aflac Japan. Let me explain supplementally in Japanese. [Foreign Language] Well, what is actually happening in Japan and the issues faced in Japan is related to Japan Post, but particularly the Japan Post Insurance product. [Foreign Language] So it’s not insurance industry overall issue as we had with the claims issue before. [Foreign Language] That’s it.
Suneet Kamath: That’s helpful. And then my follow-up is, we have been reading in the press, and I don’t know if this is true, but a couple of the other product providers to Japan Post have suspended sales in that channel. Is that what you’re hearing as well? And is that something that you considered?
Dan Amos: No. We did not consider suspending sales. We are licensed in 20-something thousand different post offices. I think other insurers are in much smaller amounts. And we feel our products are too important to suspend with no issue out there concerning us. So absolutely not.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide again. Let me explain in Japanese. [Foreign Language] Japan Post and Japan Post Insurance have announced the discontinuance of sales of product of just Japan Post Insurance’s. [Foreign Language] They have not formally announced to not sell products other than their own, including Aflac and other insurers or other providers. [Foreign Language] That’s all from me.
Operator: Thank you. Next question from the line of John Nadel of UBS. Your line is now open.
John Nadel: Thanks. Good morning. May I have one on Japan and one on the U.S. You reiterated the 1% to 2% growth target for net earned premium in Japan. But in the first half of the year, I believe if I got the numbers right, you’re down almost 1% year-over-year. What gets you there in the back half of the year?
Fred Crawford: John, just a clarification. The 1% to 2% increase is really third sector and first sector protection earned premium. What you see in the way of a broader decline in overall premium is really related to predominantly first sector, which by design is coming down in premium. So really our guidance is again specific to third sector and first sector protection premium.
John Nadel: Oh, gotcha. Okay. And so where are you tracking on that particular owning through the first half of the year then?
Fred Crawford: Right on. We had an increase of 1.7%, and so right on our guidance. As I mentioned, John, something to make sure to understand is that, the only reason why it’s a tick below 2%, which was our original outlook is simply because we’ve had to account for the recognition of paid-up policies actually on the third sector side. We issued a medical policy that became very popular in the bank channel back two years ago in 2017. And so we’re seeing some of those paid-up policies come through. But realize that’s really a paid-up issue. So it has no implications for profitability and it’ll work its way through the system
John Nadel: Gotcha. Okay. And the a question on U.S. on the sales side. Teresa, any chance you can help us understand this distributor that you guys have sort of canceled working through? What sort of contribution to your 2018 sales that single distributor accounted for?
Teresa White: So, what we’re really doing is we’re assessing all of our contracts. Some of them are distributors; some of them are accounts, just the type of accounts that we sell. But at the end of the day, what we’re looking at is the overall persistency of the book of business that we have. And with that, we’re making assessments to say whether those folks make sense for us, whether those distributors that sell in specific areas make sense for us, and we’re making those decisions. Now as to the timing, I’m looking at the full year and making those assessments. And we believe, I think, our persistency is a 12-month rolling persistency. So we see it as working itself out in 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from the line of Thomas Gallagher of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Dan, just a few follow-ups on the Japan Post situation. So just curious, when did Aflac begin its review of the situation? And when would you expect to complete it? And then just a related question. I assume this is going to be probably a longer review by the regulators of Japan Post itself. If it does take a while, was that going to delay its intention to purchase the 7% stake in Aflac at all? Does that come into play? I know you commented a little bit on that before and you didn’t think it would impact it, but just from a timing standpoint, would that potentially impact it?
Fred Crawford: So first, regarding the acquiring of the stock, we have no indication. And maybe, Max why don’t remind everybody of – Max negotiated that deal together with myself and folks in Japan. So just again remind investors of the agreement related to buying stock.
Max Broden: Yes. So, Japan Post has – they began – they announced to the market that they began purchasing our stock in May and they have a 12-month period to purchase our stake in Aflac Incorporated. They will make an announcement to – through the – through an SEC registration when they reach 5%. And after that, they will also make announcements as they have another 1% increments. To date, we have no indication of them changing their view in terms of buying Aflac stock. So that’s all I would say about that.
Dan Amos: Okay. And what was your first part of the question?
Thomas Gallagher: Dan, the first part of the question is, when did Aflac begin its review of the sales practices? And when would you expect to complete your – that review? Do you think it will be done by the time you report 3Q?
Dan Amos: Well, let me point out that the quarterly, the alliance compliance committee meets to discuss any issues, and they’ve been doing it since 2013. So from that standpoint, it’s always been – and it doesn’t just cover compliance issues. They also relate to just cancer sales and what’s going on in that regard. But as far as our review, we’re just continuing to ask more questions and we will cover in greater detail at the FAB. But right now, we don’t have any drop-dead dates. We’re just monitoring what’s taking place because again we’ve had not a single complaint about it. And so from that standpoint, we’re just going out and making sure that we’re not seeing any other things. But at this time, we just don’t see it as a problem and are moving on by selling our products with that distribution channel.
Thomas Gallagher: Got it. So, you’re not – you’re actually not doing a formal investigation or review. You’re more monitoring the situation. Is that a fair way to describe it?
Masatoshi Koide: Let me make supplement comment on Aflac Japan.
Thomas Gallagher: Go ahead.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] As Dan has mentioned, ever since 2013, where we have assigned a comprehensive business alliance agreement, we are having this compliance meeting and reviewing compliance on a quarterly basis. And the review that Aflac is conducting on our own is to make sure that that there is no similar example that is being covered in the media in regards to Japan Post Insurance product sales through Japan Post channel. So from that perspective, the scope of that review that we are – that we conduct is very limited. And since this review is conducted by the company ourselves, so it’s not an investigation, it’s a review.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, got it. Thank you.
David Young: All right. Thank you, Koide-san. And I believe, operator, that was our last call. We are now past the hour. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and hope that you will tune in for our Financial Analyst Briefing on September 25 in New York. Please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations department for any information or questions that you may have, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor & Rating Agency Relations.
David Young: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results.  In addition, joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our management team in the United States. Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Max Brodén, Treasurer and Head of Corporate Development. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director; President of Aflac International, Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and Principal Financial Officer; Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of Aflac's Web site at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David. Good morning and thank you for joining us. The first quarter of 2019 established a solid foundation as we set out to achieve our annual objectives. Let me give you more details beginning with Japanese operations. Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor, generated strong financial results that are in line with our expectations for the quarter. For 2019, we continue to expect a slight decline in Aflac Japan’s total earned premium primarily due to the limited-pay policy reaching paid-up status. As you saw in the release, third sector combined with first sector protection sales were down low-single digit in the first quarter, but generally in line with our expectations for the quarter. Our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success as do our alliance partners. While cancer insurance sales were up for the quarter with strength in our associates’ channel, results were weaker at Japan Post as they achieved their 2018 fiscal year targets early. Both Daido and Dai-ichi increased cancer sales in the final quarter of the Japanese fiscal year. As for medical sales, we focused on riders in the medical area to retain and attract new customers with midterm riders. Policyholders can update their existing medical coverage by adding a rider to their existing policy. They also have the option to purchase a new policy with an income support rider targeting young and middle-aged segment or a nursing rider designed for the middle-to-older age groups. While this strategy is effective in driving better overall economics in earned premium, it’s less beneficial to the sales versus replacement of the whole policy. As you know, we take a longer-term perspective looking forward to the remainder of the year, let me just say that we anticipate making our annual sales objective. Last year, beginning in the second quarter, we had a very successful launch of our new cancer insurance product which drove a 16% increase in third sector sales for the second quarter of 2018. This makes a very difficult comparison. We want to make sure you understand that we expect third sector and first sector protection combined sales to be down in the high teens in the second quarter of '19. This means that we expect those sales in the first half to be down in the high-single digits. Having said that though, we anticipate a strong second half and more importantly we expect to achieve our annual sales objective of a mid- to single-digit decline in the third sector and first sector protection sales for the year. Ultimately, our focus remains on maintaining our leadership in the third sector products while complementing this core business with similarly profitable first sector protection products. To that end, we will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new products that our policyholders want and need and where they will want to purchase them. Finally, with respect to Japan Post and our alliance, you may recall that at the end of the February, we announced in the filing that Japan Post Holdings formed a trust that permits the trustees to purchase Aflac Incorporated shares. We continue to anticipate the completion of the regulatory approvals in the second half of 2019. As we have mentioned previously, we view 2019 as more of a year of planning around opportunities for Aflac and Japan Post Holdings companies to collaborate. When I was in Tokyo last month, I met with the CEO of Japan Post Holdings along with the senior executives of both companies. We had very productive meetings to work toward areas that are mutually beneficial to both parties. As we told you, 2019 is a year of planning and 2020 will be more of an execution on our plans. Turning to Aflac U.S., our revenues increased 2.2%. At the same time, pre-tax earnings continued to reflect ongoing investments in our platform, distribution, and customer experience. U.S. sales were up 1.5%, which was in line with our expectation for the quarter. Aflac is unique with respect to our peers and that the majority of our sales comes from independent sales agents. We are fortunate to be represented by such a strong field force, which is truly distinctive within our industry. These independent career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to assess and therefore succeed with smaller employers and groups with fewer than 100 employees. Aflac’s agents have always enhanced their collaboration with local and regional brokers as we continue to grow broker sales, while our team of broker sales professionals have taken and made great strides in enhancing our relationship with the large broker community. Brokers have recognized more and more that their clients need the types of products Aflac offers. This has increased the appeal and therefore the interest in doing business with Aflac. With the continued growth of our broker business, our sales have been increasingly skewed toward fourth quarter with the continued growth of the broker business and we expect 2019 to be no different. We were also pleased with the continued improvement in productivity in the quarter. At the same time, net earned premium rose 2.4% and we continue to expect Aflac U.S. to deliver solid results in 2019 with earned premium growth in the 2% to 3% range. Ultimately, we believe the investments we’ve made in our distribution and customer experience will promote increased productivity, stable persistency, and improved long-term economics. While Fred will address capital deployment in more details, we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our bondholders, shareholders, and policyholders. At the same time, we’re balancing our financial strength with reinvesting in our business, increasing the dividend, and repurchasing our shares. Through Aflac Incorporated subsidiaries in Japan and the United States, we have the privilege of helping provide financial protection to more than 50 million people. In both countries, we have earned our position as the leading supplemental insurer by paying cash fast when our policyholders get sick or injured. Looking ahead, we believe that our strong earnings growth will reflect the underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and the United States. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balances the interest of all stakeholders. At the same time, it will reflect our dedication to delivering on the promises that we made to our policyholders. Now I’ll turn the program over to Fred to cover the financial results. Fred?
Fredrick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. We are off to a strong start to the year on the earnings front as results for the quarter exceeded our expectations. Adjusted earnings of $1.12 per share benefitted from strong margins both in Japan and the U.S. Our reported results were modestly impacted by a weakening of the yen as compared to the 2018 period reducing our earnings by approximately $0.01 per share in the quarter. The quarter’s adjusted effective tax rate of 25.5% includes the tax treatment of equity compensation under GAAP that contributed roughly $0.01 to our adjusted earnings per share. When normalized, our effective tax rate of 26.3% came in as expected and represents a blended rate based on our current mix of Japan earnings taxed at 28% and U.S. earnings taxed at 21%. Turning to our Japan segment results, earned premium for our third sector products increased 1.8% and in line with our expectations. With continued headwinds from paid-up first sector products, overall earned premium growth was down nearly 1% in the quarter. As we move through the year, the earned premium impact from paid-up policies will remain stable. The first sector WAYS paid-up impact will gradually reduce throughout 2019. However, a portion of our medical sales in 2017 was a newly introduced Two Pay [ph] product which was popular in the bank channel and will have a slight impact to third sector earned premium growth for the remainder of 2019. Overall, it’s important to note that this strain to the top line does not impact profitability. Our total benefit ratio came in at 69.1% and at the lower end of our annual guidance range driven by a favorable third sector benefit ratio and the continued shift in business mix from first sector towards third sector which carries a lower benefit ratio. Our expense ratio in Japan was 20.2% consistent with our projected range. While year-over-year our expense ratio increased, expenses came in below our forecast due to the timing of sales promotions and lower DAC expense as lapse experience was better than expected. Our expense ratio outlook for the year remains in the range of 19.5% to 21.5%. Net investment income in our Japan segment contributed to our strong results. While no one area drove the outperformance, continued favorable returns in our floating rate loan portfolio, modestly lower hedge cost and variable income from our building alternative investment portfolio contributed to results. Overall, in Japan, we recorded a very strong pre-tax profit margin of 21.9% with all key earnings drivers coming in better than our forecast. Turning to the U.S. results, earned premium was up a steady 2.4%. Our total benefit ratio came in at 49.3% at the lower end of our annual guidance range and generally consistent with recent claims trends and our mix of business. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was 36.3%. Breaking down the expense ratio further, DAC amortization was elevated in the quarter reflecting natural growth, mix of business and adjustments related to lapse experience in truing up previous estimates. In terms of general operating expenses, this quarter benefitted from timing of spend which we expect to build throughout the year. Our expense ratio outlook for the year remains in the range of 35% to 37%. Net investment income performance was in line with expectations and reflects our continued movement of excess capital out of the U.S. to the holding company. In our corporate segment, the main driver of improved earnings year-over-year is net investment income and amortized hedge income. Investment income benefitted from the movement of capital and increased liquidity at the holding company. Our corporate hedging program reduces our economic exposure to the yen, while lowering enterprise-wide hedge costs. Amortized hedge income contributed $20 million on a pre-tax basis to the quarter’s earnings with a notional position of just over 2.5 billion. As you may have noticed, we have added disclosures in our financial supplement with additional detail on our corporate hedging program and associated amortized hedge income. Capital remains strong. Japan’s solvency margin ratio is estimated in the 950% range. In April, we issued ¥30 billion of hybrid debt out of our Japan subsidiary which receives regulatory capital treatment at a very low cost to capital. We estimate that this will contribute approximately 20 points to SMR and is another example of financial flexibility stemming from the conversion of our Aflac Japan from a branch to a subsidiary. Our estimated U.S.-only risk-based capital ratio at quarter end is now in the 700% range. RBC is a bit elevated as we have planned increases in operating dividends and the drawdown of $500 million of excess capital scheduled for later this year as we target 500%. We ended the quarter with nearly 2.5 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company. Asset quality remains strong with very little in the way of impairments in the quarter. Following a solid recovery in pricing, we elected to sell our entire $146 million position in PG&E realizing a small gain in the quarter. We had previously impaired our position in the fourth quarter by $21 million. In the quarter, we repurchased 10.2 million shares for approximately $490 million. This amount was elevated as we tactically accelerated repurchase early in the quarter. We are maintaining our current range for repurchase of 1.3 billion to 1.7 billion in 2019. In closing, we’re off to a solid start both in Japan and in the U.S. And I’ll now hand the call over to David to begin the Q&A session. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Before we take your questions, let me just ask you to please limit yourself to one initial question and a follow up. You can always get back in the queue. And we’ll now take the first question. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The first question is from the line of John Barnidge with Sandler O’Neill. You may now ask your questions.
John Barnidge: Yes. So productivity in the U.S. was rather strong for 1Q. What do you see as the driver for this and are these digital investments that you’re making already yielding? And if that’s what the driver of productivity is, can you maybe talk about some examples?
Teresa White: I’ll start off. This is Teresa. What we’re seeing is, yes, those are – the digital investments are assisting us with – especially on the broker side of the business with enrollment tools that allow us to be more productive on that side of the business. We’re also seeing additional productivity based on product offerings – portfolio offerings that we have. If you recall, we introduced some life products and we expanded our portfolio with life and disability to help us to improve some of the – be able to see more people and also to be able to respond to more RFPs. And so we are seeing a number of the investments that we’ve done not just in digital investments but also investments in product to help us to be more productive in the market. I’ll let Rich talk – if you have anything else, Rich?
Rich Williams: Teresa, I think you said that well. The only thing I would add to it is the engagement of our veteran associates has been very positive for us. They’ve adopted the training and our technology solutions with Everwell. And so, I think part of the productivity is driven by our veteran associates.
Teresa White: Absolutely.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question sticking with U.S. We’ve just completed the first tax filing season post reform. Can you talk about any behavioral changes either on individuals or business owners that stand out for distribution? Thank you very much.
Daniel Amos: Do you want to take that, Rich?
Rich Williams: I think the short answer is we have not seen any meaningful changes, and it’s continued to be business as usual.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the answer.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on Japan sales. I appreciate the color on Japan Post being down as they previously hit their budget. My question is whether this decline was anticipated when you set your sales growth guidance, whether the results this quarter make any full year sales growth guidance perhaps a little more challenging? Also you seem bullish on the prospects of the second half. Did anything change there to drive that optimism or was that always your expectation?
Daniel Amos: Koji? Who wants to answer that?
Koji Ariyoshi: [Interpreted]This is Koji. I will answer your question. As Dan mentioned in his speech, because Japan Post or JP at January to March was their very last quarter of the fiscal year, they focused on the sales of the proprietary product sales. And from April this year this is the start of the new fiscal year for JP. So now they are starting to sell more cancer insurance products. However, what is different from last year is that even though their quarter is at the fiscal year’s starting, they will be selling their cancer insurance more in an equalized manner than compared to last year, instead it was really focusing on just a particular quarter. So, as a result, we are expecting that JP will still be negative at the end of the second quarter. However, since last year JP has been working on improving the productivity such as to really strengthen the sales skills, and they have also been accumulating a very efficient motivation increasing efforts. And we do believe that their sales and performance will increase in the second half by leveraging all of these efforts that they have been working on. Now, going on to the associates’ channel, the second quarter last year was when we had a very large increase in the third sector sales because of the new cancer product launch last year, and we are expecting that the second quarter this year will be negative because of the reason that I have mentioned as well as the long consecutive holidays for our Emperor’s Accession Enthronement this year. However, at the end of the second quarter, there will be further revision of a medical insurance although we are not able to disclose the details at this point. However, we are expecting that we will have an increase in the third quarter because we will be launching a very effective commercial together with associated direct mails; and then starting with that, our sales activities will increase. As a result, we will have a good third quarter si our expectation. So, as a result, associated with the guidelines that we have – our guidance that we have indicated at the beginning of the year, we will end in a single mid-range negative figure. That is a combined number of associates and JP channel. That’s it for me.
Daniel Amos: Nigel, the one thing that you asked the question was and I want to be clear is, is that nothing’s changed. We expected this. So as we were preparing for the first quarter relief, we realized we needed to make sure everyone else understood that. But when I saw the 16% coming in last year, I knew oh-oh in 2019 it’s going to be a big hurdle and how we’re going to offset it? And the answer was even going back to the second quarter of last year, we’re going to have a great second half of 2019 and so we’re on plan to do that.
Nigel Dally: Okay. That’s very helpful. Second question is just on investments incorporating floating rate securities being an important part of the change in the portfolio mix. Now future rate increases looking less likely. Any implications of that expected both positive and negative, but hoping you can flesh that out?
Fe1: Sure. Thanks, Nigel. And as a reminder relative to Fed rate changes, it really impacts not only the floating rate assets but the hedging strategy as well because they’re correlated with LIBOR which obviously is heavy influenced by Fed action. But to be specific to your question, I’ll break it into two buckets. For 2019, we expect very little impact to our forecast and income from Fed action and that’s for two reasons. One, you’ll recollect at our outlook call and we talked about hedge cost. We locked in about 85% of our 2019 hedge cost by terming them out. So in essence regardless of what happens to hedge cost, most of our hedge cost will be locked in if the Fed should lower rates, for instance. Secondly, on the floating rate assets just from a mechanical standpoint if the Fed is lowering rates and LIBOR is going down, that would certainly impact our coupons when they reset. However, in late December we had put on an income hedge in essence of fixed or floating rate swap because we had saw the change in the Fed’s view going from hawkish to dovish, so about 75% of our floating rate income is locked in as well because we did the hedge. So that’s why at my first part of the statement, regardless of what the Fed does this year, our income actually from the floating rate portfolio including the hedge cost will be relatively stable and within a tight range. The second bucket though is when you look out to 2020. Obviously when we redo our budget at the end of this year to reflect 2020 if LIBOR continues to go down and the Fed should be cutting rates, that would get reflected in the floating rate income but also get reflected in the mark to market of the hedge cost. And if you recollect, the whole concept of the floating strategy is you should always think of those two buckets together; the floating rate securities what the hedge is. And in essence we’re earning a nice net spread. So there would be some impact in 2020 if the Fed were to continue to lower rates and if LIBOR goes down assuming no other factors change. And of course the opposite is true. We don’t know exactly what will happen. We just saw a good print for GDP this morning. So if rates should be rising, we’d get the opposite impact which certainly we saw in 2018 in our results.
Nigel Dally: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of John Nadel of UBS. Your line is now open.
John Nadel: Good morning. I have a couple of quick ones. First, it sounded in your opening remarks, Dan, like Japan Post actually doesn’t yet have everything in place to begin purchasing Aflac shares. Did I hear that right? And if I did, when do you expect that they’ll actually get the approvals needed to get that process started?
Daniel Amos: I’m going to let Fred take that because he’s been working with them.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. The way to interpret Dan’s comments are as follows. One is, as we may have mentioned I think or made public a few months ago, Japan Post has established the trust which now allows them to move forward on the purchasing of stock when they’re prepared to do so. Dan’s comment was related to ongoing regulatory approvals that are required particularly in the U.S. that will go on through deeper into the year. This is essentially the Form A process in various states that they need to go through. That however doesn’t prohibit their ability to start the process of building shares. They simply needed to get the trust in place. And then of course it’s entirely up to them and their tactics as to how and when they begin purchasing. And we’re sort of leaving that up to them of course. So that’s the way to interpret it, John.
John Nadel: Okay. Can you actually tell us whether maybe you know, maybe you don’t know whether they’ve actually started purchasing or no?
Fredrick Crawford: The answer is no, I can’t tell you and no I don’t know. And that is somewhat by design in the sense that we other than the provisions of the alliance, for example, the one year provision that starts from the beginning of them purchasing shares and building to the 7% ownership level, we’re treating them as any other institutional investor which means we’re not in a position to either know and/or report out on what they’re doing relative to building the position. What I would say is this though. It’s an obvious question that we would receive and we know that. And so what we would do is refer you to any disclosures that Japan Post makes as part of their registered environment with the Tokyo Stock Exchange or any other disclosures they choose to make. And so we’ll be paying attention to that. But otherwise we are treating them as any other institutional investor in that regard.
John Nadel: Got you. Thank you. And then my second question is just around expenses. It sounded also from your prepared remarks like you’re expecting that the pace of spending I think both in Japan but in particular in the U.S. will pick up as we move through the year. So I just wanted to confirm whether that’s what you’re actually foreshadowing? And then also specific to the U.S. you talked about DAC amortization being a bit higher. Is that a level that we should expect now on a go-forward basis or was there some reason why that’s unusual in 1Q?
Fredrick Crawford: Yes, let me answer both and give you more perspective, you and everybody else on the call. And that is, so from the standpoint of expenses it is a timing-related area and the quarter did in fact benefit from the timing of expenses which by default means that these expenses will start the process of building and running through in the latter part of the year. To be more specific, in the U.S. our estimates are that expenses ran approximately $20 million better than we had anticipated and therefore we would expect the build of that or shift of that expense into future periods. There is nothing necessarily unusual about this. It’s what I would call the normal timing related to the picking up of various initiatives and spend related to that. Staying on the U.S. and answering your DAC question, we did see elevated DAC expense in the quarter. It’s not unusual for DAC expense to be elevated in the first quarter. You’ll see that in some of our supplemental information and that’s because you have a natural level of higher lapsation in the first quarter due to annual enrollment dynamics. And so each year you’ll notice that our benefit ratio tends to be a bit lower in the first quarter and our DAC amortization higher and that’s the result of increased lapsation, particularly as we start to change the mix of business towards group and larger groups, you’ll see that perhaps a little bit more pronounced. And so that’s what’s driving DAC expense up. We also had a little bit of what I would call cleanup, if you will, related to estimates we made around DAC amortization on certain groups that we anticipated lapsing or that had lapsed late in the year in December and we had to true-up those estimates. That probably kicked up our DAC expense in the U.S. by about $5 million. So back on the delayed expense issue to Japan, Japan also had that dynamic. It was largely revolving around promotional spend and we estimate that about ¥1.6 billion, okay, of delay, if you will. In other words, we had anticipated ¥1.6 billion more of expense related to promotion. That will shift into the later quarters. And then finally on corporate, corporate expenses were also a bit below our estimate and that actually has more to do with the pace of spend on the new accounting adoption. As many companies are doing in our industry, we’re having to adopt the new accounting and we’re starting into the more significant project spend related to that. In fact, we anticipate that spend being pre-tax around $20 million to $25 million in 2019 and that will start to pick up as we go through the year. So if you want me to wrap it all in a bow for you, we would estimate that the quarter benefitted by approximately $0.04 a share related to these expense timing issues.
John Nadel: That’s all extremely helpful and I guess full employment DAC per --
Fredrick Crawford: Yes, right.
John Nadel: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to go back to Japan sales, particularly the cancer product. I get the drop off from Japan Post but I thought that the second quarter '18 launch was sort of characterized as a new product and it sounds like your second half '19 recovery is also tied to a medical product. So my question is, is this sales cycle for a new product really that short that you get most of the sales associated with the new product in the first couple of quarters sort of requiring you guys to refresh on that kind of annual basis?
Daniel Amos: I’m going to let Koji talk but I want to remind you that part of the reason that it’s changed somewhat is due to this new writer concept. We would write a new policy and they would then lapse their old one. And now what is more efficient and better for the company and for the policyholders is to have writers. So, Koji, why don’t you discuss that for a moment? And if there’s anything else, I’ll be glad to answer too.
Koji Ariyoshi: First of all in the second quarter, we once again revised medical insurance which we also had in the first quarter. But as you know compared with any other companies, Aflac has the largest number of medical policies. And so although the competition is very tough and it’s important that we increase the number of new businesses, but then it is also important for us to protect our current existing policies, especially because most of the policies are whole life policies and what means is that depending on customer’s life state, the needs change and the customer’s status of health also change. So what we are doing now is considering all these factors, we are developing these writers that the customer really wants to buy depending on the life stage, for example, thinking of the health state of particular age customers. And this writer strategy is a part of this positive thing for customers and this also aligns with our core value of Aflac. And when the existing policy is lapsed and the new policy is purchased, the premium normally goes up. And with this new writer strategy what we are able to do for customers is that the customers will be able to maintain their policies and also just add whatever the coverage is needed with lower premiums. So in the long term what we are thinking is that we are actually responding to what the customers are wanting. And because of this fierce competition, it does cost a lot of money to change product and I would like Todd to really follow up on the economics of what we are doing. Todd?
Todd Daniels: Thank you, Koji. Yes, as Koji mentioned, we’re doing this for benefitting not just the customer but it benefits our economics. We develop these writers that with the midterm writer addition they’re able to add these writers to existing policies that have been issued many years ago. And so with that we don’t have to incur another acquisition expense if we were to issue another base policy. I know you mentioned earlier asking about product lifecycle. We have seen shorter product lifecycles on the medical, particularly because there is lots of competition. But we maintain this past round with issuing the writers that the customers want with holding the base policy premiums consistent with what we had with the prior version of the product. For years we had been repricing product as interest rates change and competitors come in the market to keep up with different benefits and features that customers need, but this time we decided to keep those premium consistent with the prior version. So policyholders would not want to lapse the base policy and buy a newer one which would have a higher premium, so they’re able to enjoy better economics. At the same time we’re able to enjoy better economics by having writers that are cheaper per unit to develop.
Fredrick Crawford: One thing I do want to step in and make a comment about. This is Fred. That entire discussion was surrounding the very important strategy related to our medical product. But when you first asked your question, you were somewhat pointing to cancer product and be very careful about looking at the pattern of sales in cancer over the last several quarters and think of it in terms of the lifecycle of the product. Last year in the second quarter and that was the first time that we refreshed the cancer product of course in four years which means there is substantial advancements in the quality of the product in coverage because of advancements in cancer treatment. It also included a very attractive premium waiver feature which was particularly attractive in the Japan Post channel. And importantly, it was the first time that we meaningfully revised the cancer product in the Japan Post channel. And so you saw a big spike in sales in the sales in the second quarter and then continued strength throughout 2018. You can’t look at the first quarter results in cancer sales in JP in particular in their fourth quarter and think of that as the end of the product cycle. That has more to do with them having reached all of their goals. And so they naturally pivoted towards their proprietary product. They’re going to pivot back to this very attractive cancer product as we go throughout the year and that’s what’s going to give the recovery. So just be careful about looking at those patterns and assume there’s some sort of shorten cancer product cycle.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then my follow up, and that was all very helpful, is do you have data that you can share with us in terms of what percentage of your sales are to existing policyholders in Japan versus new policyholders?
Daniel Amos: Koide?
Masatoshi Koide: Yes. Koide speaking. Roughly speaking, 50% and 50%. The proportion will depend on the timing of the launch of new products, of course, but generally 50% and 50%.
Fredrick Crawford: I’ll just add one thing real quick too on the cancer block. You’ll recall that we’re developing new cancer policies to keep up with treatments for cancer. And it’s in our best interest to offer this to existing policyholders. So part of our marketing campaigns over time have been through direct mails and follow up by our agents to offer them the latest cancer coverage which we think is the best interest of the policyholder.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Also a few questions on Japan sales. Any product enhancements or product expansion in terms of the relationship between you and Japan Post that you’re planning or are you just still selling the same initial cancer product that you launched there?
Daniel Amos: What I would do is ask Koide to talk about the four different groups that have formed within Japan Post. Koide, you want to talk a little bit about that?
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide from Aflac Japan. As we announced in the strategic alliance released in December last year, our first pillar of the three pillar of the strategic alliance is to work on new collaborative work with JP. And we will be working on four themes; leveraging business technology, new product development cooperation and joint investment into third party or domestic or internationally business expansion together and cooperation with investment. And for all these four themes we have already launched working groups and have started to have discussions. That’s all for me.
Daniel Amos: And so what I would say is, is that we’re proceeding in a very methodical and cautious way to where we can have products and services that will enhance not only our business but also enhance Japan Post business. And it never moves as fast as any of us want, but I’m very pleased with the cooperation on both Aflac Japan’s management team and also what they’re doing with Japan Post. So as I said, 2019 is a year of planning; 2020 will be part of execution in moving forward. So we are working toward that end.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. That’s helpful. And then my follow up is just did I hear correctly in one of the responses that you’re revising the medical writer again in 2Q after revising it in 1Q, or did I not understand that correctly? And the reason I ask is are you changing something relative to what you did initially with the launch of that product or is that – can you elaborate on that?
Daniel Amos: Let’s have Koji.
Koji Ariyoshi: Well, what we are going to do is there are some things that we were not necessarily able to incorporate some of the changes incorporated in the January change of revision. And I’m not able to elaborate on the details because it has not been announced yet. As we try to provide various products based on the needs, we would like to be providing these kind of benefits and coverage depending on the status of customer’s health because our policy life is very long.
Daniel Amos: Let me just say that this is not unusual and that when we’re dealing with our sales people, they come up with ideas and thoughts and we look back to see if there’s anything that we can ultimately make is more sales appealing. So I wouldn’t take into this anything major. This is a minor adjustment. But if it will help our sales people, then we try to work towards that end.
Fredrick Crawford: But just to be clear, this has always been our plan. We’re not redoing anything in June or second quarter in response to our resulted first quarter. This has been our plan all along.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMC. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. First, I had a question for Eric on just the new money yield. It was up a lot I think 3.29% in Japan and a lot higher than the portfolio yield. So to what extent does this a better rate environment or what I suspected is it’s just the decision to allocate more money I guess to U.S. dollar investments? And would you expect the new money yield to drop as the year goes onwards since the 1Q level?
Eric Kirsch: Thanks, Jimmy. It’s definitely not a function of the rate environment because rates are lower all around the globe, but it is more a reflection of asset allocation. So you’re right on that part. And for Aflac Japan, approximately half – just a little bit under half went into U.S. dollar assets and a good portion of that went into our loan portfolio, transitional real estate and middle market loans, and those are having average yields from 5.5%, 6% up to 7% on middle market loans. So that’s really the driver of the higher new money yield is really asset allocation. Because from a new money perspective, as you know, yields have been coming down, spreads have gotten tighter. Fortunately for us relative to our income objectives for the year, that’s not a big driver of whether or not we would make our numbers. And the asset allocation I described is within our plan. So there’s nothing that deviated. For the loan portfolio, we start to receive prepayments on those loans and therefore they get reinvested back into dollars. So asset allocation is very much in line with our strategic asset allocation and how the underlying loan portfolios are performing. For the rest of the year, I wouldn’t expect big deviations necessarily subject to of course market yield and any tactical actions we might take if something were to present itself in the market.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then maybe a question for Todd on just the whole policy versus the writer dynamic. Can you sort of give us an idea on what the premiums per policy are if you sell a writer versus selling standalone policy just to be able to assess how much is that weighing on your sales this year?
Todd Daniels: Yes, I’m going to hand it to Koji. They had some numbers and we can refer to this.
Koji Ariyoshi: The writers versus the base policy is 15% to 16% premium, in case of the income support writer is 15% to 16%, in the case of care writer is 15% to 20%.
Todd Daniels: So I think it varies greatly by which writer you’re looking at versus a base policy. And one thing to keep in mind is these writers are limited benefits versus buying the entire base policy. For our income support writer, it’s covering long-term being out of work and supporting your income where this writer that we’ve developed is a lump sum one-time payment. So it’s limited benefits to try to make it more affordable for the customer to purchase this as a writer. Same thing with the care option for the older age people, it’s sold as a lump sum benefit. So the premium’s going to be quite a bit less than if we were to design and develop a true nursing care policy.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And just lastly for Fred. Will the Post be required to file the DSCC [ph] once they get to a 5% stake? I’m assuming they will be, but --?
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. We would expect them to have to obviously follow all of the guidelines associated with reporting.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Fredrick Crawford: To the NYSE, yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Greg Peters of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Greg Peters: Good morning. I was wondering if we could just step back from a big picture perspective and I guess I got to say upfront I realize your U.S. business has a different focus, but I was hoping you could comment on all the recent political rhetoric around the possibility of Medicare for All and what your perspective is on that.
Daniel Amos: I’ll say something and then I’ll see if Teresa. Medicare for All is nothing more in my opinion than some form of what we see in Japan with their national healthcare system. Granted they’ve gone from no deductibles to 10 to 20 into 30. But we have been selling in environments since inception that consumers would own some type of major medical insurance whether it be Blue Cross, Blue Shield to Obama Care to anything that might be out there, because there are costs associated with unexpected expenses that are not covered by any type of Medicare and Medicaid, whatever it might be. So from our standpoint I don’t think it’s going to change how we address these issues. I do think we will hear a lot about it with the election in 2020. But I don’t think when it all boils down that it’s going to change anything in terms of the way we’re selling now. So I really don’t worry about that from that standpoint. I’m paid to worry, so I do watch it carefully but there’s nothing on the horizon that makes me nervous about that. Teresa?
Teresa White: I think you’ve pretty much summed it up. At the end of the day I think it becomes more apparent to the consumer about their risk and gaps when they have whichever coverage, whether it’s Medicare for All or it’s Blue Cross, Blue Shield as you mentioned. So from that perspective I think the value of our product, the value of what Aflac offers continues to be apparent whichever major medical you have as a consumer.
Daniel Amos: Let me say this. As a company we want everybody to have health insurance.
Teresa White: Absolutely.
Daniel Amos: We’re absolutely for that. We think it’s in the best interest. The costs associated with it are going to be through the roof, because as you know in other countries they have – they limit medical access on different things. And we would be the first country that would go to a period of where you would have unlimited access with unlimited costs, so the costs associated with it is another issue, a political one in my opinion. But just know we as a company want people to have it because we think we’ve got the product that will help build those gaps that are going to be created in today’s society.
Greg Peters: Thank you for that answer. I guess staying on the same theme of politics, there’s also been rhetoric around share repurchase activity and I’m curious, Dan, at the Board level if you guys are starting to change your thinking around capital allocation as it relates to share repurchase versus say perhaps possibly a dividend or special dividend or anything like that?
Fredrick Crawford: This is Fred. I’ll answer and then Dan can pick up from the Board level. But I think just in terms of capital allocation, obviously after a 36-year track record of increasing the dividend and certainly intending to continue that track record, we feel like we’re in good shape on balancing the dynamics of investing in our business, buying back stock and paying out a common stock dividend. In terms of stock repurchase, it remains a very good investment of the company particularly on a risk-adjusted basis. And it also is the basis upon which we measure up other opportunities, the degree to which other non-organic, for example, opportunities can come into play. I think from the political perspective, the only thing I would generally agree with because I think it’s just good management and that is you don’t – as a company you don’t deserve to be significantly buying back your stock and frankly paying a high dividend until you first and foremost secure your balance sheet and secure your capital ratios in such a way that you can meet all the promises of your policyholders and frankly meet any obligations you have to your employees, that includes pension obligations. And so there’s elements of it I agree with. However, I don’t see any need to regulate that type of dynamic. I think frankly good management and governance self regulates those issues in my view. So that’s my thinking.
Daniel Amos: And I think our position all along has been a very moderate position. We haven’t been at an extreme on any area. And it’s the extremism that brings the most criticism. And so I think we’re very well positioned. I think we will continue at this pace. The Board will of course constantly review that to see if there’s any areas that they think we should be looking at. But I think if anything you know about our company is we try to look ahead of what the trends are no matter what they might be; political, consumer activism, whatever it might be, to make sure we’re on top of what’s taking place. So I can assure you this is a top of mind subject that we will continue to monitor, but we feel we’re well positioned right now.
Greg Peters: Again, thank you for your answers.
David Young: And that brings us to the top of the hour 10 AM. I appreciate everybody joining us this morning. If you have any other follow up, please feel free to reach out to the Investor & Rating Agency Relations department. We’d be happy to help you out as we can. And before we end, I want to just remind you that we have our Financial Analyst Briefing in New York on September 25 and I hope you’ll consider joining us then. And we look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor & Rating Agency Relations. You may begin.
David Young: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results, Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer, will also provide some updated related to investments, before we open our call to questions.  In addition, joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the United States, Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S. Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Max Brodén, Treasurer and Head of Corporate Development. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan, Charles Lake, Chairman, and Representative Director; President of Aflac International, Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and Principal Financial Officer; Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on Aflac's website at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations to certain non-GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
Daniel Amos: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me kick off this morning by saying that 2018 was another great year for Aflac as we continue to focus on supplemental insurance in the United States and in Japan. That focus sets us apart from every other competitors and has been a major contributor to our success. Through Aflac Incorporated subsidiaries in Japan and United States we have the privilege of helping provide protections to more than 50 million people. In both countries, we have earned our position as a leading supplemental insurer by paying cash fast and when the policyholders get sick or injured. I'm especially pleased with the Company's overall performance in 2018. Total pre-tax adjusted earnings increased 6.6% which exceeded our expectations. This increase was driven by an increased pre-tax profit margins especially in Japan. These results are even more meaningful when you consider that we have increased our investment in our core technology platforms and growth initiatives with the goal of driving future growth and operating effectiveness. Investing in growth and innovation will continue to be a critical strategic focus in 2019. In 2018, Aflac Japan our largest earnings contributor converted from a branch to a subsidiary at the beginning of April and generated strong financial results. Aflac Japan's 2018 third sector sales resulted in 1.6% increase, which was consistent with our expectations of the low-single digit third sector sales growth for the year. 2018 also marked Aflac Japan's largest combined sales of third and first sector prediction products in more than a decade with ¥93.9 billion in sales. As medical sales came off a strong 2017, bolstered a refreshed cool product, our distribution turned this focus in 2018 to watch of a Cancer Days One and Cancer Days One Plus and was tremendously successful. This laid the foundation and the groundwork for a great year for Aflac Japan's third sector sales, which came in at ¥88.8 billion. As we progressed into 2019, we expect we expect to see the slight decline in Aflac Japan's total earned premium in 2019 mainly due to the limited paid policies reaching paid up status. We expect net earned premium of third sector and first sector protection products combined to grow at the 1% to 2% range. Our focus remains on maintaining our leadership position in the sale of third sector products. In addition, while we don't lead that the first sector sales products, they complement our third sector lineup products very well and have similar profitability. From a profitability perspective, we tend to be agnostic when it comes to selling cancer, medical or first sector protection insurance. To that end, we will continue to refine our existing product portfolio to introduce innovative new products that our policyholders want and need and where they will want to purchase them. And I think that the December announcement of the enhanced strategic alliance with Japan Post holding is an indicator that we are doing just that. Japan Post announcements plan to purchase approximately 7% of Aflac Incorporated’s common shares, speaks volumes about the overall strength and reputation of the Aflac brand and our products. We look forward to working with Japan Post to explore areas to grow our respective franchises in 2019. Turning to Aflac U.S., we are pleased with our strong financial performance. 2018 was another year which Aflac U.S. produced record new annualized premium sales and more importantly produced record pre-tax adjusted earnings. The pre-tax profit margin exceeded our expectations both in the quarter and the year. And as I mentioned, this results indicates increased expenses as a result of accelerated investments in our platform following U.S. Tax Reform. Aflac U.S. sales for the year rose 3.2% while our net earned premium increased 2.6% both of which were in line with our expectation. As we indicated on our most recent outlook call, we expect Aflac U.S. to deliver continued solid growth in 2019 with earned premium growth in the 2% to 3% range and stable sales growth. As you consider our U.S. sales. keep in mind that Aflac is unique with respect to our peers and the majority of our sales come from independent sales managers and associates. We are fortunate to have such a strong independent field force which is truly distinctive within our industry. These career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to accept and therefore succeed with smaller employers and groups with fewer than 100 employees. Aflac’s independent career agents have been the powerhouse behind Aflac’s ability to dominate the smaller case market and I continue to believe this market is our highest growth. Aflac’s agents have also partnered with local and regional brokers as we continue to grow broker sales and while a team of broker sales professionals have made great enhancements bolstering Aflac’s relationships within the large brokerage community. While broker business a smaller percentage of our overall business it is representing a larger portion of sales in the market as well as at Aflac. It is very encouraging that as a brokers look for solutions for their clients, they have found that Aflac’s product portfolio provide solutions that help fill those needs. Brokers are looking to connect with a strong brand like Aflac and leverage our outstanding track record of experience and expensive fulfillment capabilities. Aflac’s expert agents and our independent feel had demonstrated their ability to accelerate growth by working with brokers and broker sales professionals. Across the Company we continue to invest in digital initiatives designed to address pain points in the development, sales, administration and customer experience related to our products. I am very pleased with our progress both in Japan and in the United States and our ability to continue these investments without losing focus on driving strong profits. Our investment support, our distribution strategy, which is focused on being where the customer wants us to purchase protection. Turning to capital deployment, we remain committed to maintain strong capital ratios on behalf of the bondholders, the shareholders and the policyholders and the same time we are balancing our financial strength with increasing the dividend, repurchasing shares and reinvesting in our business. We continue to anticipate that we will repurchase in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion of our shares in 2019 within the range allowing us to be more tactical in our deployment strategy. Of course it goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth. And I'm pleased with the Board's recent decision to increase the dividend coming off 2018, which was the 36th consecutive year of dividend increase. Our dividend track record is a nice reminder of the relative stability of our business model and earnings. Looking ahead, we believe that our strong earnings growth will continue to reflect underlying earnings power of our business in Japan and the United States as well as our disciplined approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balances the interest of the stakeholders. And at the same time, it reinforces our dedication to delivering all our promise we made to our policyholders. I'll conclude by reiterating how proud I am of our management team, our employees and our sales organization in Japan and the United States, as they have worked incredibly hard to generate strong results that we have shared. Now, I'll turn the program over to Fred for the financial results. Fred?
Fredrick Crawford: Thank you Dan. As Dan noted in his opening remarks, we are very pleased with our overall financial performance in 2018. Earnings results for both the quarter and the full-year exceeded our expectations. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per share of $1.02, primarily benefited from stronger than expected pre-tax margins in Japan. For the full-year adjusted earnings per share on a currency neutral basis came in at $4.13 per share, above our guidance range of $3.90 to $4.06 a share. Setting aside the impact to tax reform on our effective tax rate and currency impact, pre-tax earnings for the year were up 5.7%, coupled with 1.3 billion of share repurchases, we generated strong core EPS growth and impressive shareholders returns in a year of increased market volatility. In terms of segment results for the quarter, and beginning with Japan, our benefit ratio expense ratio and investment income came in favorable to our expectations. The lower benefit ratio reflects continued favorable claims strengths and associated reserve adjustments. In addition, our new cancer insurance product has driven alleviated lapse and reissue activity. We believe this is a result of an improved value proposition as the product now includes a new premium waver feature. Depending on the mix of policies being replaced, alleviated lapse and reissue activity has the effect of lowering our benefit ratio, increasing our expense ratio and on-balance contributing only marginally to profitability. Investment income in the quarter was driven by efforts earlier in the year to increase our allocation to floating rate loans which benefited from both higher spreads and higher LIBOR rates. In addition we experienced approximately ¥2 billion in variable income which includes alternative investment returns and ¥1billion of one time call premium and consent fee income. Variable and onetime sources of investment income are not embedded in our run rate expectations. Finally, while our expense ratio came in higher as compared to last year's quarter, overall expenses came in below our fourth quarter forecast and a result of lower sales promotion and systems development spend. Overall we posted a 21.4% pre-tax margin in Japan among the highest quarterly performances in recent history and a very strong 21.1% for 2018. Turning to our U.S. results, our total benefit ratio for the quarter was in line with guidance. Along with favorable claims trends we are seeing the effects of business mix with a gradual shift towards product lines with a naturally lower benefit ratio and higher expense ratio. Our expense ratio in the U.S. for the quarter came in as previously guided at 38% accelerated spend related to post tax reform investments and timing related to advertising spend drove expenses higher. Our U.S. pre-tax profit margin for the quarter was 17% and for the year was 19.9%. As Dan noted, 2018 represents a record level of U.S. segment pre-tax earnings. For both Japan and the U.S., our fourth quarter performance does not change our 2019 guidance ranges for benefit ratios, expense ratios and pre-tax profit margins. I would now like to ask Eric Kirsch, our Chief Investment Officer to discuss the positioning of our investment portfolio in view of credit markets in 2019. Eric?
Eric Kirsch: Thank you Fred and good morning everyone. So we don't try to predict exact market moves or starting and ending dates of economic and credit cycles. We do analyze market themes. As investors, we want to position our portfolios with a long-term investment strategy in mind. For the last year or so, we have been of the opinion that the credit cycle was in its late innings and we could see it turn soon. With this in mind we have managed our credit portfolio with a bias for higher quality supported by a disciplined underwriting process for new investments and an eye towards improving our credit profile to mitigate potential impairments and losses positioning us well for future changes in the credit cycle Let me review highlights of the actions we have taken this past year, perspective insights as well as reviewing key portfolio characteristics. Over the past 12 months, I would highlight the following investment activity; from a relative value point of view we have been underway with our investment grade corporate bond purchases, given how tight spreads have become. The recent spread widening validated our concerns of not getting paid for the credit risk. We focused a large amount of our new money investments in private markets such as middle market loans and transitional real estate. I want to stress that we have high underwriting standards and diversification goals. Our discipline has kept our exposure to some of the private market issues you read about such as excessive leverage, lack of confidence and aggressive underwriting to the bare minimum. While we have seen spreads compress in these markets, in the latter part of 2018, the majority of our purchases were made in the first half of the year at higher spreads. We have cut back our deployment goals in 2019 while maintaining our high underwriting standards. We implemented a number of derisking strategies designed to eliminate or reduce credit positions that felt could underperformed in a shifting credit cycle. Highlights include in 2018, we disposed of over ¥34 billion of our more illiquid legacy private placements, all below investment grade. Some names we reduced that I would mention include exposure to the governments of South Africa, Tunisia, Trinidad and Tobago and Catalonia. We also reduced exposure to Navient Corporation. In December, we initiated a $550 million relevant value derisking trade, of which $500 million was to reduce exposure to energy names including approximately $150 million to CCC rated issuers. The proceeds will be reinvested across the diversified pool of investment grade credits. In fact, throughout 2018, including the $550 million trade initiated in December. We traded over $3.4 billion of public bonds to improve the health of our credit portfolio. This includes selling $1.2 billion of investment grade bonds held by Aflac Japan including reducing energy by $243 million and swapping $340 million of BBB assets into higher rated transitional real estate while improving our maturity profile and income. Selling $500 million of BBB rated investment grade names in Aflac U.S. and reinvesting in AA rated tax advantage municipal bonds, improving quality and increasing after-tax income. Selling $600 million of BBB rated bonds in the Aflac U.S. portfolio to fund corporate capital activity. Most recently, as you know PG&E has been in the news and this week filed for bankruptcy. We hold about $147 million and conservatively decided to take a $21 million impairment as of December 31. This slurry will take time to sort out. We currently believe holding our position to the bankruptcy process will provide the best economic outcome. Let me also mention that these activities supporting our high quality bias, comes at a cost to net investment income, with new investment opportunities such as private credit, we have been able to offset some of these headwinds. Our main objectives is always to ensure the safety and quality of our portfolio to minimize potential losses while balancing our objective of delivering appropriate risk adjusted net investment income. At the end of the year, we had managed to improve the credit quality of the overall portfolio, by having 4.6% in below investment grade credit of which 2.2% are fallen angels and the remainder are high-yield bonds and loans that we purchased within our credit standards. We also maintained that we believe to be a lower consolidated exposure to BBB names than our peers. BBBs make up approximately 23% of the portfolio and have an average position size if slightly over $50 million dollars. Overall we continually look to maintain a very diversified portfolio and shape it with an eye toward safety through the cycle. As we look forward despite a strong equity recovery in January, credit spreads remain elevated and we believe it is signaling that credit investors are concerned that this may be the initial innings of a turn in the credit cycle. Regardless our view will continue to be a bias towards maintaining a relatively higher quality overall portfolio and proactively managing exposure to creditors performance may be challenged under a slower growth backdrop. Finally, I should highlight that this type of market environment also presents opportunities especially when dislocations occur. Our strong current portfolio combined with a healthy capital position will allow my team to put new money to work and capture those opportunities that become apparent which will improve future performance. Now back to Fred.
Fredrick Crawford: Thanks Eric. Picking up where I left off, let me comment briefly on our corporate segment. We continue to make progress on managing our economic exposure to the yen while lowering enterprise wide hedge costs associated with Japan's U.S. dollar portfolio. We accomplished this by entering into an offsetting hedge position at the holding company which ended the quarter at a notional amount of approximately 2.5 billion and contributed 18 million on a pre-tax basis to the quarter's earnings. In terms of capital, we ended the year in a strong position. As of year-end our Japan solvency margin ratio is estimated at approximately 970% and our U.S. risk based capital ratios estimate is in the mid 600% range. 2019 will continue the access capital drawdown process in the U.S. as we target 500% by year end. Overtime, we believe we can run our U.S. RBC down towards 400% given the risk profile of our U.S. business. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.8 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company recognizing this balance naturally fluctuates. We have set aside one billion as a capital buffer and an additional one billion of contingent liquidity. Our liquidity position is in support of our holding company derivative positions that serve to lower our enterprise exposure to currency movement. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned $574 million to our shareholders in the quarter and $2.1 billion for 2018. As Dan highlighted in his comments, the Aflac Board approved an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend by 3.8% after back to back increases raised dividends 19.5% in 2018. The Board continues to take a balanced approach with a desire to sustain our long-term track record of increases. While we ended 2018 strong, we need to manage through national headwinds in 2019. Net investing net investment income is expected to modestly decline as compared to 2018 due impart to the risking activity Eric noted in his - and rolling U.S. dollar hedge positions into higher cost contracts. While reacting somewhat to market developments. Our forecast remains essentially unchanged from the outlook call, but we ended 2018 stronger than expected. We anticipate lap and rereissue activity in Japan will slow in the second half of 2019. We are enhancing our medical products through offering Riders that address a range of coverage needs and are available to existing policyholders. This strategy preserves and builds upon the favorable economics of our enforce policies, but naturally pressure sales as defined by incremental annual Rider premium versus a lap stand reissued four policy. Finally with long-term top-line growth as a primary objective, we continue our investment in product development, digital consumer driven distribution and overall venture and incubation efforts to create future market opportunities. We have affirmed our currency neutral EPS guidance of $4.10 and $4.30 per share and as Dan noted, we are maintaining our range for share repurchase at $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion. We remain tactical within the range guided by relative returns and other options for our use of excess capital. I'll now hand the call back to David to begin Q&A session. David?
David Young: Thank you Fred. Before we begin the Q&A, please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow up to allow everyone an opportunity to ask a question. And we will now take that first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey good morning. Question on Japan sales guidance of low to mid-single digit decrease. Does that contemplate the possibility that you might sell an additional product through Japan post?
Daniel Amos: I'm going to let Japanese operation to answer that. so Koji Ari or whoever will, but I will say that no that does not contemplate Japan post. 2018 was being able to work out the deal, 2019 is the planning process have coming up with something that we think might be benefit their customers. And then 2020 I think would be more in the execution line. So I'll let Koji then talk.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] In terms of Japan it is not changed since this call last time. In terms of target, really the allowing with the customers' need and we will be setting the target accordingly. In January, we have launched a protection type prospective product in medical product. And this medical product has a concept to be able to have the customers' review their medical or the insurance product depending on the last stage. And at this time enables customers to add a lump sum type of coverage especially for the young customers that we do have income support type of Rider and then for elderly customers that we make available our nursing care type of Rider. And for the system policyholders, we have introduced mid-term Rider addition a type of - to allow our customers to be able to add to their existing base policy. And so this will be a shift from just focusing on the new business - just focusing on the new business, we will now allow our existing customers to be able to expand their coverage and update their coverage based on the policies they have. And because this - are addition there will be invest new AP in that effort, AP per policy for that additional would be smaller. However, we will be able to maintain our existing policy which means that this will contribute positively to our earned premium. And so this is our strategy to be able to really maintain the base policies of the existing customers without having them to purchase a total new policy.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign language] This is Koide from Aflac Japan. And I just want to make sure the new medical product that Koje has just explained about the product that we have launched in January, this is a product that is offered through channel except for the Japan Post, all the other channels apart Japan Post offers us this new product.
Daniel Amos: I want to just make sure all of you on the line pick this up because this is a little bit of a change and it's very similar to the way we used to do business in the United States was we would convert a policy. In essence what you are talking about here is there won't be a new policy written-in one laps, we will keep the existing policy in force which will be a medical product and we will add a Rider on top of it and therefore the premium of that Rider will be a smaller amount than a normal policy. However they won't be less than the old policy, so they earned premium will ultimately be growing. But you will see a lower sales number because of that impact. So I just want to make sure everyone got that.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes that makes a lot of sense and just a quick follow-up on corporate and other where investment income went to $38 million versus $11 million and that was the drive down of excess capital. And then Fred mentioned that you might go from a mid 600s RBC to 500 again drawing down more capital. So the question is, can we expect this elevated investment income incorporate another to kind of keep ticking up. Where is it possible you might even be able to achieve your $1.3 billion to $1.7 billion guidance on buybacks.
Daniel Amos: At this point in time I wouldn't change our guidance on the range of buyback that range in buyback takes into account moving additional excess capital of approximately $500 million up to the holding company. What I would say though is that from an investment income line item perspective in corporate and other you will see that most likely increase, but not necessarily because of the volume if you will of assets at the holding company and associated investment income. It's more driven because that's the line item where we house the benefits of our enterprise hedging program offsetting the hedge costs and hedging dynamics in Japan. And as you may recall from the outlook call, we guided to pre-tax approximately $60 million to $80 million worth of amortized offset if you will to the hedge costs in Japan that will run through that line. To give you a comparison that was approximately $36 million or $37 million - $36 million in 2008. So you will see as you look at corporate and other, essentially the last page of our FAB supplement, most of those line items will remain relatively consistent in terms of revenue lines and expense lines. The one line that stands out as you will see movement in investment income, not so much because of the excess capital at the holding company, more so moving because of our enterprise hedging program.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line as Jamie Bhullar from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jamie Bhullar: Hi good morning. So I just had a question on the portfolio. And Eric, you mentioned sort of positioning it conservatively given the environment but you had fairly high investment losses in 4Q. So maybe if you could talk about to what extent do you think this is representative of what you would expect if the environment remains challenging or was this more of an aberration, given how much the market moved in 4Q?
Eric Kirsch: Sure, you really need to look and attribute all the gain and loss numbers. But if I think about impairments and loan losses, they were about $61 million for the quarter. For us, that probably was a bit elevated versus where we have been running but recollect over the last two to three years, our loan losses and impairments have just been very minimal. And also part of that $61 million was the PG&E situation which is $21 million of it. So if I take the PG&E situation out to $40 million or so is really kind of expected with a large loan portfolio now, other assets, nothing really too surprising in there. I certainly know going forward that the credit cycle is beginning to change with a large portfolio like ours and other insurers. We are going to expect certain industries may have some challenges. And we will be tracking that closely. And as I said, our job is to continue to shape the portfolio to avoid those credits that in a tougher cycle may have trouble and we have been proactive as I said in my speech doing that. So no doubt if the credit cycle changes we will have probably larger impairments than we have had over the last three years, but I believe they will be very manageable and minimal relative to the industry.
Daniel Amos: And we made a decision after the financial crisis that we were going to be all - would have all types of assets to where we were never in a position like happened before and therefore, when you are everywhere, as you well know, the likelihood of having hits are much - will be escalated a lot, but they will be small hits and that's what supported.
Eric Kirsch: Exactly and just to build on that. Which you all know, we have attracted over the history. We are diversified by different asset classes, by different strategies and importantly from a risk perspective with diversified by position size. We no longer hold these oversized concentrated positions. So when something should occur, it will be in a much smaller size versus where we were historically.
Jamie Bhullar: Okay and then maybe if I could ask one more Fred. Just on the timing of buybacks. So I think the Japan Post can begin buying either late-February early-March when your structure is completed. Would you consider front ending buybacks to not be active at the same time as the post is buying shares, or do you believe it will be more evenly spread through the year?
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. We are not tactically changing our approach to buyback based on the Japan Post agreement. What we are doing is what we always do and that is we will be tactical at times. For example we accelerated a bit of our buyback rights here just at year end to take advantage of what we thought were compelling economics and so we will be tactical within the range that will always continue. But we are not designing or being tactical with our repurchase surrounding the Japan Post agreement and their building of our share count. So you should expect generally spread over the year in other words.
Jamie Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Just on the first sector protection products in Japan. My sense is the market is pretty saturated with first sector products which maybe one reason why a lot of the domestics are moving into the third sector in the first place. So can you give us a sense of what is it about your first sector protection product that stands out versus the group and are you essentially selling to the same customers that you already have or is it allowing you to reach a new group of customers.
Daniel Amos: Koji?
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign language]. In many cases we are selling our first sector protection tied to our existing power shareholders because the ability to have their policy, we are standing on top of the existing policies. Because of special discount, we have achieved a premium wage that is very attractive to non-smokers. And the coverage with this smaller amount is also made available. And because we were able to set our premiums relatively low, many customers like the product. And it was not it takes about 5% of the protection type sales.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then on the medical Rider. Yes I think you guys went through this years and years ago with Rider Max where it sort of was a source of sales for a number of years. So how long do you think you will have this ability to sell this medical ride, like how many how long will it take you to kind of work through your existing customer base in terms of folks that might be interested in adding the Rider.
Daniel Amos:  Koji, would take that.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign language]. And in terms of the product this time is of course this is for our existing policy holders and we have different products for different age group of customer, for example young customers have certain Riders that we can have them attach and older customers we have Riders that cater for their needs. And particularly that enforce number of medical policy we have is number one in industry. So it does make it possible to take in or retain our customer for a long time using our customer base. And this is a differentiator against our competitors and this will also contribute to the increase in our earned premium.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. In Fred's prepared remarks, you talked about there are some redundant reserve releases because of the last time we issue - the activities that happened in the quarter. I was just wondering can you size the benefit of those redundant reserve releases in a quarter? And maybe how we should think about that kind of throughout 2019?
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. Let me step back and give you some attribution and then answer beyond that in terms of what we are now with the reserves in the quarter in Japan. I don't know that I would use the term redundant reserves they are rather just released when the policies lapsed, but let me explain. So the lapse and reissue activity, we would estimate impacts when measured against premium, okay will serve to reduce your benefit ratio, we estimate about 30 to 50 basis points 2018 versus 2017. It's important to note that lapse and reissue activity takes place naturally in every year, it's just this year and to some degree last year was a bit more elevated due to a more medical product but more particularly this year with the new cancer product. Importantly though while the benefit ratio measured against premium goes down 30 to 50 basis points you have a somewhat equal impact to the expense ratio because you are now essentially amortizing the deck more quickly or writing down the deck upon the last policy. And that has the effect of increasing your expense ratio measured against premium again 30 to 50 basis points and so you end up with the somewhat negligible impact to your bottom line. Now within those ranges, you could have more of one and less of the other and so it can either. impact positively or negatively your earnings and that depends a lot on the age of the actual policies that are being lapsed and relapsed. And the fourth quarter it was a bit more pronounced, those metrics were like 70 to 80 basis points in the fourth quarter improvement to the benefit ratio. And then similarly increasing the expense ratio. And you can see that in our actual numbers of course in the quarter. So that would be the attribution. So set as aside, lapse and reissue in terms of pre-tax profit margins, because it's fairly insignificant. In terms of the quarter and the strong pre-tax profit margins it was largely just the positive trends and claims and as a result of those positive trends, particularly in our cancer blockade business, the associated release of IBNR. And we released about ¥3 billion of IBNR predominantly related to the cancer book of business, but I would note that this is not entirely unusual in the sense that we have been doing these types of releases now for a few years if not multiple years and primarily because of the continued trends in the cancer book. There is no guarantee that that will continue and every year represents a variable, but there has been a pattern of this because of the trends have been quite consistent.
Humphrey Lee: Yes thank you for the color. Yes, I understand that the improvement in benefit ratio is offset by the expense ratio but thank you for the color. And then also I guess in part of your early remarks, you talked about longer term, you think you could have draw obviously down to kind of 400% overtime. Do you understand in terms of timing like how long would you start contemplating to move down from 500% target to 400% target.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes I think right now the idea would be let's settle down into the 500% target. As I have mentioned before, this will represent the first year we have printed U.S. Blue book and in a long, long time. Let us make sure we can digest the statutory moving parts. We had very strong statutory income for 2018 up around $830 million helped somewhat by tax reform, but that was a very strong state earnings year and that's what we would expect came in right about where we predicted, because it's a very stable business. And so my view is with the stability of our business the low asset leverage in our U.S. business we can comfortably move it down to 400%. What I would plan to do is take this Blue book take our final year end results, start working with the rating agencies and my guess is that in 2020 we will start to work that ratio down.
Humphrey Lee: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. Eric, when I hear you have shifted out of public corporate bond purchases and emphasized middle market loans in transitional real estate, I guess from a category standpoint it's not clear that's a risk upgrade. Can you give some examples or statistics about how that risk is better or lower.
Eric Kirsch: Sure absolutely. First I would say it's diversified and that goes to the point of diversification pays dividends overtime. But remember in our program for middle market loans for example, we determined the underwriting standards. So we have first lien secured loans, highly diversified, high degree of components and the market has gotten fluffy and we are aware of that, but we have not lowered our underwriting standards. Which is why as I said in 2019 our deployment goals are a bit less than they were in 2018 and we were fortunate to build a good portion of that portfolio in the first half of the year. So it comes down to underwriting. And in addition because those companies we are lending them money, we have first insight into whether or not they are having any difficulties with their business. Now most of them are doing quite healthy and very seldomly do have any issues, but when they do we can walk in and make a difference. Now in the public sector they are bigger companies, but we can't influence what company managements necessarily are going to do. So when the credit cycle changes, we have got to be more proactive in trading those assets. And then finally I would say, when you look historically at the private markets even through tough times the default rates are low and the recovery rates are fairly high because of the strong negotiating leverage that you have.
Tom Gallagher: And Eric, from a yield standpoint, was it a yield enhancement from shifting out of the public corporate going into the trend transitional real estate and middle market loans, are you still making that excess spread.
Eric Kirsch: Absolutely Tom. Absolutely. So thank you for raising that. Substantial, I mean you are getting paid for the additional risk for sure. So in the investment grade space currently for you know BBB type of names or in the 375 or four area with long duration. In the loan space middle market loans growth yields we are looking at 6.5% to 7% those are typically three to seven year maturities. So coupons are based off of LIBOR which is been in our favor since we started the program. So you earn a substantial yield advantage for a shorter duration of maturity. And finally, let me add just to put total context and remember those floaters play a very important role in our dollar program and particularly with respect to the hedging program. Because of that yield advantage, I'm starting out with the 6% to 7% instrument paying 3% or so in hedge cost and I have got a net spread of 4% with an investment grade bond I have got a duration mismatch between the asset and the hedge. And I maybe might be earning a spread of 1%.So again it goes to diversification and looking at the entirety of the risk and the return. So thank you again for bringing up the return side of it, that's obviously an important element.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
John Barnidge: Thank you. This is a question on U.S. productivity. I know there are some seasonality that wait 4Q more heavily. But this looks to be a record this year. Do you see this more coming from any crack in the distribution for broker or not or more from a efficiencies that have been delivered on some of your tech and digital investments. As a reference point I'm talking about Page 18 of the supplement.
Fredrick Crawford: Okay. So as we noted definitely it was a record sales year and it really coming off momentum of eight consecutive quarters of growth and really it was the balanced delivery. Our veteran associates provide strong contribution to our sales growth, broker sales as you mentioned continued deposit of momentum. And that's growth with our broker sales professionals and our associates who work with brokers. And then as Teresa’s continued to mention, we continue to focus on improving producer productivity and their long-term development. So I would say it's the balance of all of those.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then my follow-up dug tailing on that. the recruited agent brokers definitely increased in the fourth quarter year-over-year and was twice what it was in 4Q, 2016. I know you talked about recruitment when the economy is doing really well, it's harder for the agents because of the commission structure. The brokers hasn’t worked that way correct? And that is somewhat opposite of maybe how the agent improvement flows through the economic cycle. Or could you talk about that little bit more?
Fredrick Crawford: Certainly. Obviously recruiting overall is important, just like them we will continue to be so. And more and more brokers are getting into supplemental insurance voluntary benefits. And so I think as you look at the increase in the broker recruiting that's reflective of the overall market more broadly. And as Dan alluded, brokers want to work with the company like Aflac that has a strong brand. So I think that's where you are seeing elevation and as we mentioned if we continue to want to increase the number of local regional brokers that work with Aflac in addition to our national broker partners.
John Barnidge: Great. Thanks for your answers.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott: Hey. The first question was kind of a follow-up on the investment conversations. Most of what you have talked about are U.S. dollar investments and if you get a good amount of detail there. I guess I'm just looking at the tenure JGBs there are back down to basically zero. And certainly there must be limitations to how much you can kind of keep investing in the U.S. dollar portfolio. So I’m just kind of wondering like how should we think about new money rates, new money yields rather in Japan and where that should trend and at what point you sort of have to begin the investing more heavily again in JGBs or yen denominated assets more broadly.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes, thank you. Good question. First if you look at last year's final tally we were about a little over 50% in yen assets and the rest in dollar assets. So it's not like it's predominantly just dollar assets because we do have risk limits and limitations to our dollar allocation. Secondly, just to frame, I know the 10 years JGB is the benchmark yields for Japan. But it's not the benchmark yield for us from an investment standpoint. We have long-term liabilities, so when we are in the yen fixed income markets we are typically thinking about 20 to 30 year type maturities and duration and 20 to 30 year of JGBs are anywhere from 70 to 90 basis points depending where on the curve but it's in that range. Thirdly and very critically just as a reminder from an asset liability management standpoint, all of our liabilities in Japan are in yen. And when we think about economic capital, other solvency ratios yen is the baseline. So when we think about the strategic asset allocation about 70% of our book is targeted towards yen assets precisely to manage our asset liability management and obligations to our policy holders and our regulators there. So yen assets will always be positive. Next, we are not just buying JGBs. We would acknowledge amongst our choices in yen JGBs are the least attractive, but the choices we have include yen private placements, which over the last few years we have improved our private placement program through higher diversification standards and finding better deals and typically we get paid for that risk. It just depends on the deal and the maturity, but 20 to 30 basis points over JGB. And then also in the Japan market there is a growing yen credit market and yen municipal market and we deploy in that sector quite a lot. And we are also typically earning anywhere from 20 to 30, 40 basis points over JGB. So while we don't like the low yields, buying in assets does serve our capital and serves our asset liability management. But we are using our tools through the investment team to find non-JGB yen investments and at least earn a spread commensurate with the risk over the JGB yield.
Alex Scott: That's really helpful. Thanks. Second question I had was just on the Riders of Japan. I was wondering if you could give more color on what the Riders are and what is the sort of mix expected from nursing Riders versus income protection Riders and so forth. And I mean with the nursing care Riders specifically I mean could you just talk a little bit quickly about how that's different from sort of standalone long-term care risk in the United States and what sort of makes you more comfortable with that Rider in Japan.
Daniel Amos: Yes and I might I might say, Koji you may be good to just discuss the Riders we are talking about and importantly the notion of as you have mentioned carrying the policy through the lifecycle of the policyholder from income to nursing. Todd it may be good for you to chime in on how this nursing care Rider should not be confused with the types of goods that one takes long-term care type benefit. Koji?
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] And let me start from nursing there. This is a type of caring that offers long-term benefit to the customers. And level of the nursing care needs is determined by the commissioner of certification or eligibility by that national government. And we are making this lump sum amount payment to read the limit the risk amount. And since this will be paid based on the eligibility determined by the national government there now will be limited. And for the middle to younger generation we do offer income support Rider. And this is also a lump sum type of coverage that will be paid when the policyholder is not able to work. And we also have a standalone product income support product. And because this standalone product coverage is extended for a longer period of time and it requires explanation of the social welfare benefit that is being offered by the government. So the standalone product is not carrying as well as counsel or medical. And at this kind of dimension that Rider is lump sum payment type of product and explanation is much simpler. So if you are able to identify the needs of this kind of product, we might want to think about revising our income support standalone product. And with the medical insurance that we have launched this time it’s not only the hospitalization benefit or the surgery benefit that we have always had, new product also allow to offer outpatient product as well. And as I mentioned earlier, we are the number one medical policy offering insurance company in the industry, so there is a big potential in terms of our business here.
Daniel Amos: I'll just add what Koji lead with, you don't often get marketing leading with risk aspects of the product. But just to emphasize on the care Rider, it is a lump sum benefit. And the definition of a claim is tied to the government definition. And those two things we believe differentiated from a long-term care products in the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. You recently announced an investment in Singapore Life and I was just hoping you could talk about the opportunity you see in the business and whether you expect to look at other investments in new markets with higher growth potential overtime.
Daniel Amos: Yes, Max Broden led that investment for us and so I’ll have Max, comment on the nature of investment and our expectations.
Max Broden: So we made a small investment of $20 million dollars Singapore Life. And this is going to life insurance company in a region that we see great potential in four protection type products. Together with that announcement we also announced that we will collaborate on product development to develop cancer and protection types of products together with Singapore Life. And we also will enter into reinsurance agreements with them, but we would reinsure those products back to Aflac. So we see this as a very interesting opportunity for Aflac to use some of our skill set to deploy in this region. But we also understand that it might be tricky for us to do this by ourselves. And that's why we have aligned ourselves with a very strong partner with very strong and dedicated digital experience and that's what we intend to lead with.
Daniel Amos: Yes I think it is. It's steps you back to really the broader strategy and that is if we are going to enter or be involved in any way in a new geography it’s going to be on the back of digital, it's going to be with on the ground partners so that it doesn't consume management time and attention. It's going to be with a measured amount of capital at risk and it's going to be careful. But we don't see the sense in what we would call kind of a traditional entry into those types of markets on the back of large scale acquisition, large capital at risk, the building out of traditional distribution platforms of agents and so forth. That technically is a lot of money a lot of risk and your ability to compete with other players in the market is questionable. So we think of this as a smart way of entertaining and exploring what might be possible and that's our philosophy.
David Young: And thank you operator, I believe that's the end of our call, we have reached and exceeded the top of the hour. Please feel free to contact investor and rating agency relation if there are any other questions or for more information and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference, thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Young - Aflac, Inc. Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc. Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc. Koji Ariyoshi - Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd. Richard L. Williams Jr. - Aflac, Inc. J. Todd Daniels - Aflac, Inc. Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc. Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.
Analysts: Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor & Rating Agency Relations.
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results, outlook and capital management. We will then open our call to questions. Joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the U.S., Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Max Brodén, Treasurer. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan, Charles Lake, President of Aflac International and Chairman, Representative Director; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and Principal Financial Officer; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of Aflac's website at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that the third quarter 2018 concluded a great nine months for Aflac and well positioned us to achieve the goals we set for the year. As you saw from the earnings release yesterday, I am pleased that we expect to come in at the high end of the upwardly revised 2018 adjusted EPS outlook. Fred will provide more details in his comments shortly. Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor, generated strong financial results. In yen terms, Aflac Japan's pre-tax profit margin was ahead of expectations both for the quarter and for the first nine months. Aflac Japan's third sector sales results of a 2.6% decrease was consistent with our expectations. This reflects sales growth in our new cancer insurance and a decline in our medical insurance sales. As medical sales came-off a strong year bolstered by refresh of core products, our distribution turned its focus this year on our new cancer product as they tend to do when a new core product is introduced. We expect similar results in the fourth quarter and continue to anticipate third sector new sales growth for the year to be in the low-single-digits. As I've said many times, our focus is on defending and growing our leading third sector franchise. We are indifferent as to the mix of medical and cancer sales as long as we are satisfying the needs of the consumer and our distribution partners. Regarding distribution, we had meaningful production across all channels. Traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success. Our Alliance partners has also had significant contribution to our sales results, with such an extensive distribution network, including Japan Post 20,000-plus postal outlets selling our cancer insurance, we are solidifying our goal to be where people want to buy insurance. Our focus remains on remaining on maintaining our leadership position in the sale of third sector products that are less interest rate-sensitive and have strong and stable margins. We will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new third sector products to maintain our market leadership. Turning to Aflac U.S., we are pleased with our financial performance. The pre-tax profit margins exceeded our expectations both for the quarter and for the first nine months. Our third quarter new annualized premium sales, together with our sales outlook, keep us on track to achieve the lower end of our anticipated 2018 new annualized premium sales growth of the 3% to 5% increase. As you think about U.S. sales, keep in mind that Aflac is different from our peers in that the majority of our sales come from independent sales agents. We are fortunate to have such a strong independent field force which is truly unique within our industry. These career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with smaller employers and groups with fewer than 100 employees. Aflac's independent career agents have been the driving force behind Aflac's ability to dominate this smaller case market. And I continue to believe this market is ours to grow. We continue to expect higher growth in broker sales. Our team of broker sales professionals has made great strides in successfully strengthening Aflac's relationship within the large broker community. We continue to make investments in our group administrative platforms to support this growth. These investments are taking hold. While broker business is a smaller percentage of our overall business, it has been driving most of the growth for the year. Equally important is our extensive network of independent sales agents who work with local and regional brokers. It is very encouraging that as brokers look for solutions for their clients, they've found that Aflac's product portfolio helps fill those needs. Brokers are looking to partner with a strong brand like Aflac and leverage our outstanding track record of experience and extensive fulfilment capabilities. Aflac's expert agents in our independent field force have demonstrated their ability to accelerate growth by working with brokers and broker sales professionals. Across the company, we continue to invest in digital initiatives designed to address pain points into development, sales, administration, and customer experience related to our product. These initiatives take many forms and you see it coming through the segment results in the form of elevated near-term expense ratios and venture investings. I am pleased with the progress both in Japan and in the United States and our ability to continue these investments without losing focus on driving strong pre-tax profit margins. Turning to capital deployment, we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the bondholders, the shareholders and the policyholders. At the same time, we are balancing our financial strength with increasing the dividend, repurchasing shares and reinvesting in our business. We continue to anticipate that we will repurchase in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion of our shares in 2018 assuming a stable capital conditions and the absence of any compelling alternatives. Of course, it goes without saying that we treasure our record of dividend growth. With this quarterly declaration, 2018 will mark the 36th consecutive year of dividend increases. As we move through a period of market volatility, our dividend track record is a nice reminder of the relative stability of our business model and earnings. As we communicated earlier this year, the board reserves the right to examine the dividend on a quarterly basis. But, we have reset our review cycle for the dividend increase to the first quarter. Looking ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will continue to reflect the underlying earnings power of our business in Japan and in the United States, as well as our prudent approach to deploy in excess capital in a way that balances the interest of all stakeholders. At the same time, it will reinforce our dedication to delivering on the promise that we make to our policyholders. I'll conclude by reiterating how proud I am of our management team, the employees, our sales organization in Japan and in the United States as they worked incredibly hard to generate results that we've shared. Quarters like this only fuel my excitement for Aflac's future and what we can accomplish. Now, I'll turn the program over to Fred who will cover the financial results. Fred?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Dan. Our earnings results for the third quarter performed as expected and consistent with the recent trends and guidance we provided at this year's Financial Analyst Briefing. For the quarter, adjusted earnings of $1.03 were driven by strong pre-tax margins both in Japan and in the U.S. We recorded a favorable tax item in the quarter of $8 million, or $0.01 per share related to the filing of our 2017 tax return and associated true-ups. The yen/dollar exchange rate had very little impact on the quarter's results as compared to the 2017 period. The strength of our performance year-to-date and stability in our margins gives us confidence we will come in at the high end of our revised guidance range of $3.90 to $4.06 per diluted share for 2018. Underlying our outlook is continued strength in investment income and benefit ratios offset somewhat by a planned increase in expenses as we continue to invest in future growth and efficiencies across the enterprise. Turning to our Japan segment, we reported a pre-tax profit margin of 20.1%. Our total benefit ratio was in line with our guidance range at 70.7% and we expect to end the full year in the 70% range. Our benefit ratio in the quarter reflects the continued shift in business mix, positive claims trends in our cancer business and associated reserve adjustments. Our expense ratio in Japan ticked up to 20.8% and we expect the ratio to be just under 22% for the fourth quarter and 20% to 21% range for the full year. Turning to the U.S. results, our overall pre-tax profit margin in the quarter was 20.7%. Our total benefit ratio came in modestly below our guidance range at 50.6% and we expect to end the full year in the 51% range. Much like our experience in Japan along with the generally favorable claims trends, we are seeing the effects of business mix with a shift towards naturally lower benefit ratio and higher expense ratio product lines. Our expense ratio in the U.S. increased to just below 35%. We expect accelerated spend in the fourth quarter with the projected expense ratio in the 38% range. The increase is primarily driven by the post-tax reform investments earmarked for the fourth quarter and timing related to advertising spend. We continue to see full year 2018 coming in around to 35% range. Investment income performance both in Japan and the U.S. continues to deliver strong results. The year-to-date outperformance has been driven primarily by the accelerated growth of our floating rate portfolio further benefiting from higher LIBOR rates. As we have previously commented, we elected to lock-in the majority of our U.S. dollar investment hedge costs in Japan for 2018 and are likely to take a similar approach in 2019 as our outlook is for continued upward pressure. We will discuss our tactical approach to the Japan/U.S. dollar portfolio and associated hedging in more detail on our December outlook call. Commenting briefly on our corporate segment, investment income is influenced by the movement of capital and the building liquidity position at the holding company. As Max discussed at our Financial Analyst Briefing, we continue to make progress on managing our economic exposure to the yen, while lowering enterprise-wide costs associated with Japan's U.S. dollar investment hedging. We accomplished this by entering into offsetting hedge position at the holding company with the financial impact recognized through investment income line of our corporate segment. We have built this offsetting position to approximately $1.7 billion in the quarter contributing $9 million on a pre-tax basis to the quarter's earnings. We continue to refine the program with the appropriate limits, controls and holding company liquidity buffers. We ended the quarter on a strong capital position. Japan's solvency margin ratio is estimated in at the approximately 975% level. Our estimated U.S.-only risk-based capital ratio at quarter-end stands at roughly 825% and includes an estimate of the full adoption of U.S. tax reform. We are projecting RBC in the mid-600% range for the year-end 2018. Our estimate includes an extraordinary dividend to the parent and moving $500 million in excess capital from the U.S. insurance entities. We ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company. We've set aside $1 billion as a capital buffer and $500 million for liquidity in support of holding company derivative positions. As we work to internalize Japan U.S. dollar portfolio hedge costs through offsetting hedge positions, our minimum liquidity standards will increase accordingly. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remain very strong with little in the way of impairments in the quarter. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned $521 million to our shareholders in the quarter. We repurchased 7 million shares of our stock for $322 million and remain tactical in our approach. As Dan mentioned, we are maintaining our current outlook for a range of repurchase of 1.1 billion to 1.4 billion in 2018. Finally, in October, we issued ¥53.4 billion in long-dated senior notes. We are one of the few foreign corporate issuers in recent years to raise yen debt with all tenures being a minimum of 12 years. This is a tribute to our commitment of maintaining a strong credit profile. Among other things, proceeds from the issuance will help bolster holding company liquidity in support of corporate hedging activities, while not materially impacting leverage. I'll now hand the call back to David to begin our Q&A session. David?
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions. But, first, let me ask you to please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. Operator, we will now take that first question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is coming from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question for either Fred or Max just on internalizing the hedge, according to, I don't know how quickly you're looking to ramp up that program and on the back of that whether we should expect further declines in corporate expense?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Max mentioned this at the FAB and I'll let him add any color he has but we talked about the potential of managing down roughly 10% to 25% of our overall hedge costs, as we move through 2019 and that's the goal and how we look at it. We haven't necessarily sized the limits on the program. Right now as I mentioned, we're at $1.7 billion. We would expect to build from there but then stop and make sure we can monitor and have all the appropriate controls and so forth in place and liquidity in place and we may build from there. We'll provide more detail on our December outlook call as to how we see 2019 roll-out, Nigel. And so right now just know there are $1.7 billion currently, we would expect to build from here but we'll give more detail on the outlook call.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. Then just for the follow-up. Question on Japan sales this year's cancer product seems to lead to a very quick but short spike in sales. In the past it seemed like a positive impact of new product introductions and it lasted for several quarters, so interested in why the patent is here seems to be somewhat different to what we've seen in the past?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Koji, do you want to answer that or do you want me to?
Koji Ariyoshi - Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd.:  [Foreign Language] Well, first of all, at the beginning of the year, we were expecting that our target will be slightly negative to flat. [Foreign Language] And in the second quarter, we have focused on the sale of cancer insurance and have conducted TV commercials as well as sending out direct mails. [Foreign Language] And as a result, our sales performed beyond our expectations and we ended up at almost equivalent level as the record-high sales. [Foreign Language] So as a result, in the first half, we have changed our third sector outlook to low-single-digit. [Foreign Language] And in the third quarter, because there has been acceleration of sales to the second quarter among agency channel, that has impacted. [Foreign Language] And as a result, there has been some decline in sales. [Foreign Language] However, throughout the entire – for the full year, we are expecting to achieve the target that we said we will achieve at the beginning of the year.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Nigel, what I would say in addition to that that really simplifies it is that we have never done as big a mail ad as we did and we have never had TV ads that talked about the mail out. They all hit in the second quarter. And because of the TV ads, it skewed the business to come in more in the second quarter whereas they would have been slower to respond to the mail outs, but the TV ads increased their ability to perform and go ahead and submit the applications. So, we saw that big surge which we warned everybody about in the second quarter that it wouldn't carry over in the third. And sure enough, the mail outs and the business it took place with the TV ads came in in at second quarter and was a much shorter tail than it normally would have been had we not been doing the TV ads.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I had a couple of questions. First just on U.S. margins they've been pretty strong this year. I think for the first three quarters the benefits ratio was down 100 basis points. How much of this is a mix shift towards lower benefit ratio and higher expense ratio products versus just favourable claims experience that might not continue?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: I would say that there is definitely an issue related to the – a good issue related to the mix of business. But it's a bit more subtle than you're finding for example in Japan where you have a more dramatic shift in earn premium between first sector and third sector. In the U.S., the shift that's going on essentially in terms of our in-force book is that the cancer in-force book of business which naturally carries a higher benefit ratio and lower expense ratio is starting to become a lower percentage of the overall in-force as we sell more accident in hospital. But particularly the growth in the group side and that group business tends to be a lower benefit ratio, higher expense ratio type of business. And that mix has been taking place fairly steady over the last five years or so. And that is contributing to a generally better benefit ratio and a little bit of upward pressure on the expense ratio. But I would say in this particular quarter you have dynamics really related to natural claims experience. The claims levels coming in this quarter were lower than expected and that makes its way through our numbers, including modest IBNR adjustments associated with it et cetera. So there is really both going on and – but I would say what is of a more permanent nature is that that slow steady shift in in-force business towards lower benefit ratio product and higher expense ratio.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on Japan sales like we expected cancer sales to come down from 2Q, just given the new product introduction, but what's surprising is the medical business sales continue to drift lower. And I think this year's going to end up being one of the lowest years that you've ever had in terms of medical sales. And I understand that some of it is that people are pushing, the cancer product this year, but sales have been sort of declining even prior to that. So just – when are you planning on introducing a newer medical product, and do you feel that you sort of been marginalized in that business versus where you used to be, just given maybe a more proactive push by competitors into that market?
Koji Ariyoshi - Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd.:  [Foreign Language] Well, first of all, in terms of our medical insurance market, there are many companies that are entering this market, because of the low interest rate. What I mean by that is that these companies are shifting from savings type product to medical insurance. [Foreign Language] And also another background is that some of the domestic insurers are converting their medical riders to base policies. As a result, the share is being distributed to more companies. [Foreign Language] And in our case as you say, our medical insurance has gone a cycle – a year cycle ever since we've launched a new product. On top of that from the second quarter and on, our agencies really focused their sales on cancer insurance sales. As a result, medical insurance sales declined. And that's exactly what you mentioned. [Foreign Language] And since cancer insurance and medical insurance are key products, we are revising these products in a very well-planned manner. [Foreign Language] And in terms of medical, because the competition is very severe, there is no change to the policy to be renewing our product in a shorter cycle. [Foreign Language] So, we do have a plan to revise our medical insurance.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: And I would make one other comment about that is that regarding medical insurance one specific area that we are taking a lot of focus on is the non-standard medical. We've been very successful in that market. Everyone is offering new products now. And so what we are looking at is the non-standard medical we used to call it – we call ours gen lever but we are looking it now to see how we think we can have an even better product in all of our medical area including that.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And we should assume that you would introduce a new product some time early next year, given sort of the typical timing of new product launches?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Japan, do you all want to answer that?
Koji Ariyoshi - Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd.:  [Foreign Language] Yes, we cannot explicitly because of the FSA filing issue, but then yes that is somewhat what we are thinking of.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. Tom Gallagher of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Dan, just a question about Japan sales also. Can you talk a bit about the dynamic of where you see sales going over the next couple of years, considering you have this bigger concentration of cancer sales now? And presumably a bigger concentration of sales through Japan Post, I think in the past when you've pivoted to the new product, you've been able to sell it through effectively all of your distribution but obviously that won't be the case with Japan Post. Does that pivot make it more of a challenge for 2019 and 2020 or something you think you can manage through and still be able to grow?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Well, I think the question is a good one and what I would argue is, is Japan Post sales going to be down or is it going to continue to grow. And right now, we are in negotiations to see where they'll end up next year but they certainly have not penetrated that market and it has great potential. So, I'm encouraged about still future growth – continued sales with Japan Post. It's a little too early to tell yet, but I hope to get to those numbers with Japan later on. I also think that the gap product that we are introducing, the gap product is really not just a new product. It's really an expanded distribution. It's early on, remember it will be more like Internet sales directly to consumers and predominantly younger people so the premium will be lower, but what it can do is set up a base of policyholders that we can then add new riders and new policies to as they age and as they have more need for insurance coverage. So we are watching that carefully and hoping that that will grow certainly with the brand and the high name recognition that we've got. It will play into our hand as well. The other thing that I'll touch on is first sector protection policies. It's too early to tell in terms of what it will look like in 2019. But I can tell you that we are very happy with the profitability that it's showing because it's driven by the mortality underwriting and it is very good for us. And so that's another area that even though when we talk about sales of third sector, this has the profitability along the same lines as third sector. Not that big yet, but has the potential to grow our market as well. So you add those together and we'll give you a lot better look at the outlook call on exactly what's going to be happening. But I did want to give you some insight into it.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: That's helpful. Thanks, Dan. And then Fred, just my follow-up, the shift that you've seen into cancer and weaker medical, will that change the – obviously, that's changing the mix in terms of earned premium for third sector to some degree. Can you talk about the margin differentials if there is one on both benefit ratio and expense ratio between those two products? And whether that's going to – we are going to see a change in third sector at all in terms of margins?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, there is really not – the margin – the pricing dynamics on cancer and medical are substantially similar in nature. There is no significant difference in the margin targets that we price for and the product. And the products also behave very similarly in terms of benefit ratio expectations and expense ratio dynamics. What I would note not necessarily your question, but what I would note is that we are starting to talk more about first sector protection products and while small we had a nice tick-up in our first sector protection sales in the quarter as we introduced a new Whole Life policy. Because the type of first sector product we are selling now is not a savings-oriented product, it's also been priced with a very similar margin dynamic as we experience on third sector. And so we continue to kind of broaden our product mix and offer up more product selection to particularly our core agencies which includes first sector protection and I just want to note that that also has a very similar margin dynamic and you'll see that incorporated into our projections as we go forward. We are starting to see first sector that run-off of first sector and the paid-up first sector products start to slow now. And we are hoping that here over time, we turn a corner and start seeing some premium growth as we move forward. But again remember this has all been in the spirit of a very good economic value build going forward.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. John Barnidge of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is now open.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thanks. Do you have any ability to quantify by how much Hurricane Florence impacted sales volumes in the U.S. in 3Q 2018? And then maybe by how much do you anticipate Hurricane Michael to impact sales in 4Q 2018?
Richard L. Williams Jr. - Aflac, Inc.: Good morning. I think – this is Rich Williams. We do not quantify any impact to our sales results for the third quarter due to the hurricane. Obviously, some of our markets did feel the impact, but overall we feel good about the results and also as we look to the activity for the fourth quarter, we expect to be within our 3% to 5% guidance and do not attribute the impacts of the hurricane to change that.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And then, you have a new digital medical insurance product, it's essentially a new channel of delivery. Can you talk about how it's being received – expected expense ratios for this relative to a normal medial insurance product, and should we see this as a driver of lower expense ratios company-wide, because presumably it's got less expenses?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: In terms of direct-to-consumer, I would say first of all you should not expect that particular initiative to have a material impact on our overall ratios for obvious reasons. But typically in the early days particularly the early days of building out a direct-to-consumer channel, you're going to naturally have a disproportionate amount of investment and expenses relative to premium generation for a period of time. So clearly, there's going to be a level of investment. But the products are priced and the margin is such that it would normalize into very typical benefit ratio expense ratio dynamics going forward. But from a just pure business build perspective, you are obviously going to have some investment before you get the premium levels to where they can absorb the cost structure.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you.
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Hey John, one other thing I might say about hurricanes which is not in your question, but it is important to note when looking at our ratios quarter-over-quarter. Hurricane season last year of course was particularly more severe, because it wasn't just a big hurricane season, but it hit highly populated areas. And one thing you'll note looking at quarter-over-quarter benefit ratio and expense ratio is last year's third quarter had a higher benefit ratio and had a lower level of DAC amortization and the reason for that is when hurricanes hit what often happens is the states will come in either by county in some cases or the entire state. In the last year's hurricane season, it was effectively the entire State of Florida and parts of Texas. They will actually require insurance companies to basically freeze the policies in place and not allow them to lapse. When you do that you actually you have obviously a spike up in persistency during that period which causes a natural climb in your benefit reserves to reserve for claims activities and then you'll have much lower DAC amortization because the policies aren't lapsing. So one thing I would note is we think this quarter is while a very good benefit ratio in the quarter, it's a somewhat normal quarter, but when you look quarter-over-quarter you'll see the benefit ratio dropped quite a bit but also DAC amortization picked up significantly and that was really related to last year's hurricane season. So just a point of information.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Suneet Kamath of Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. I'm going to ask a question about Japan, it's something we touched at the FAB meeting. So when we think about cancer insurance sales over the past several years and we noted the policy count was fairly stable and didn't really grow that much. So when you roll out these new cancer products, what percentage represents sort of up sales to existing policyholders versus actually attracting new policyholders?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: You know what I'm going to do is ask Todd Daniels, who's on the line with us in Japan, to add some color to this. So Todd, why don't you talk a little bit about your perspective on the question that came up at FAB, but then related to policies and lapse and reissue?
J. Todd Daniels - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, thanks Fred. First of on the lapse and reissue topic, over the course of the year after we introduced a new product, you can expect anywhere from 20% to 25% of our sales to be a result of lapse and reissue activity. And typically what we are doing with these new products is we are generating incremental economic value to the company, we're benefiting the policyholder because they have up-to-date coverage and we feel like that's a win-win for the customer and the company at the same time. And regarding cancer sales and the growth rates and specifically the table that was at FAB, if you went all the way back to 2002 to today, I think that the numbers are approximately show that we grew about 1.5 million policies. That gets us in the neighbourhood of 15 million policies in-force today. The total market also grew while the same phenomenon we spoke to medical earlier, where you have companies coming in offering things like term coverage or in some cases one-year free coverage of cancer, their policies are actually getting counted in the total policy in-force count. So we believe the market share number is a bit skewed when you look at the publicly available information. If you were to – if you have the information on a premium basis, we feel like we would be in a much higher position, but unfortunately that information is not publicly available.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then when you talk about Japan Post and further penetrating that distribution channel is your sense that you're really accessing new policyholders? Or again is this sort of reaching policyholders that you have with these upgraded products just through a different channel?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Koji, why don't you take that?
Koji Ariyoshi - Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd.:  [Foreign Language] Well, in terms of JP, their customers are brand-new customers to us. [Foreign Language] And of course, JP is selling our products to their existing policyholders but then at the same time they're also using our product as a doorknocker to selling other insurance.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, can I just follow up with one just quick one on this topic. So normally when we talk about persistency in Japan, we talk about it with respect to premium persistency. But if we were to look at persistency on a product or a policy basis, what would those numbers look like? How would they compare to what you're seeing on a premium persistency basis?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Todd?
J. Todd Daniels - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, I think that you would see similar trends. I don't think the numbers would be that different. A couple of things you have to keep in mind when you shift to the policy-based persistency is things like the first sector business that have different premium dynamics. So you may see slightly different persistency metrics across the paid-up type products on a policy basis than you would for premium. But in general the trends behave very similarly, especially on the third sector business which has generally Whole Life premiums. You're not going to see that much difference. The average premium per policy for cancer, medical and most third sector is in a similar range. So you don't have an influence of any odd-sized premiums impacting your premium persistency number.
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: One thing I would note on this topic is in the quarter you notice that we had an elevated or a tick-up, if you will, in the expense ratio in Japan and not all of that but a good portion of that driven by DAC amortization being up. The thing to remind you all of is that it makes a difference as to what cohort of policies are lapsing and reissuing. And for example, because our new cancer product included a very popular waiver of premium feature and that of course being priced for and properly priced to the margins and so forth and higher premium per policy type dynamic. That type of a feature can attract lapse and replacement from newer, more freshly issued policies or policies issued in the last five years. When you have lapse and reissue on those types of policies that cohort you will obviously release more DAC or amortize more DAC than you do release reserves. So you'll have a more pronounced impact or a higher level of DAC amortization than you do benefit on the benefit ratio side. So keep that in mind, that it has a lot to do with what cohorts are lapsing and reissuing as well.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, great. Good morning. You got a nice bump-up from an investment income from what I understand are floating rate securities. Could you give a little color on the size of that portfolio both in Japan and in the U.S.? And maybe what types of securities are floating rate?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: I'll ask Eric to jump in on that.
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Sure. Thank you. Well, I'll start with Japan. The size of that portfolio today is about little over $6 billion. And it's comprised of bank loans, middle market loans and transitional real estate. I don't have the exact breakdown between them, but the bulk is probably in transitional real estate followed by middle market loans and the bank loans. They're offloading off of LIBOR, transitional real estate is typically investment grade. Middle market loans are typically below investment grade B, same with bank loans. But all are highly negotiated to underwriting standards that we dictate with those providers. U.S is a few hundred million. I don't have those numbers right at my fingertips. So it's a smaller percentage of their portfolio and also keep in mind, for Aflac Japan, we like them particularly as part of our dollar program, because they are easy to hedge. The three months hedging that we do typically can go out to a year, matches the duration of those floating rate instruments and has a high correlation to LIBOR, which drives the interest income on those instruments as well as the hedge costs. So for Aflac Japan, for our dollar program, we particularly like them, but of course, it has to start with how do we like the assets, the credit underwriting and things of those sorts.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then, shifting over to the U.S. sales with the outlook this year, 3% to 5%, and it looks like the career agents have been kind of flattish over the last few years and the independent brokers are really giving you the up-ticks. As you look at this newer distribution, do you think it could get you into the high single-digits or double-digits over the longer-term? Or is this 3% to 5% kind of a good run rate to look out over the next few years?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: It's, first of all, 3% to 5% for the fourth quarter is the expectation. Obviously, that puts us at the lower end of the range. We've definitely been – with fourth quarter being the opportunity for larger case enrollments, we've been selective to manage profitability and so that's why we are comfortable with that 3% to 5% range. As Dan alluded to in his comments, broker sales occur both with our broker distribution team and with select members of our agency field force. And so as the percentage of our total sales gets towards broker sales, I think you'll see us over the next couple of years have the opportunity to adjust our range. I wouldn't categorize it as high single-digits, because I think it depends on where the market is.
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: I'll make another comment to that as well. This is Teresa. If you really think about how the market is changing and how we're seeing more brokers in the voluntary space, the need that they had and they've asked us to assist with is, people who are educated on the voluntary product space and so some of what you've seen in the carrier agency force is a shift of some of those agents to assist with helping brokerage firms to get into the voluntary space. We have specific programs and training that help them to do that. So there's a little noise in that career agent number. In that, any production written through that brokerage is really going to count as broker production. So although, the career agent is paid a commission on some of the – just the production as well. So I just – I mentioned that, because it's helpful to understand really the change in the market.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. No. That makes a lot of sense. But is there a shot at getting double-digit sales longer-term? Or is it just very competitive in this market?
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: Our career agents' sale is about $1 billion and so is there a shot, well, we've got to jump over a big number which is that $1 billion number. On the broker side, that's where the market's growing and so that's what we are seeing Aflac grow consistent with the market. And we are also, as Rich alluded to, we're also looking at other activities to help us to drive growth, both in the career agent and the digital distribution line. So you'll hear a little bit more about that at our outlook call.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Let me give you a different perspective a little bit on this. Career sales for the nine months are down about 1% and they count roughly two-thirds of our sales. Broker sales and group sales, both are up – broker's up 8.6% and group is up 26%. So as that mix changes and it goes from one-third, two-thirds to 50-50. If we're continuing to see broker sales grow at double-digit, which we think we can do, that number with time is going to shift towards the larger numbers, if we do what we hope we can do. So that's not to say we're claiming that, we'll be talking about that at the outlook call. But just think of it in terms of when you look at us, and we saw the similar thing with the corporate agencies in Japan, how they were the foundation of the company when we started, but the growth came from new distribution channels. And so, they're still very important, just like our individual agents that are selling for us. But it's a changing marketplace, and I think it's going to evolve with time and that growth pattern that you're seeing and the job they're doing with our brokers is very positive when you break it out.
Andrew Kligerman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of John Nadel of UBS. Your line is now open.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks and good morning. Fred, a pretty open-ended question. I was just wondering if you could provide any relatively early thoughts on potential impacts from the new FASB accounting, the long-duration-focused accounting.
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah. I would say that our comments remain fairly consistent with what June Howard had covered at FAB. And that is, we are like everybody in the industry, we are working on the project. I think, what I would say is that there are certain aspects of the new FASB adoption that I do think could be beneficial to just investors, if you will. And in terms of transparency, I think DAC amortization, for example, is going to be easier to follow and provide greater stability. I think some of the unlocking, if you will, of reserves can provide good meaningful information to investors. And so I don't feel as if the new FASB guidelines are necessarily a negative. What is probably mostly the challenge is volatility, and that is you're going to likely have some additional volatility in results that is going to have to be explained and understood as to what is economic volatility and what is not economic volatility to the company. So, I don't have a heck of a lot more color to provide you on that, because we are still working through the project, making sure we are interpreting and applying things properly. My editorial comment would be, you've got one fundamental application of the new FASB rules, but they're going to react differently depending on your business model. And Aflac has a very unique business model, unique in the U.S. with our supplemental and health-oriented products and unique in Japan in that we are heavily weighted towards third sector. These are all really good economic issues for the company, because they provide stability and good clarity of margin and reliability of margin at a relatively low capital required to support the business. So these are all the types of economic business lines that the rest of the industry is looking to grow over time. And so – but, the unique nature of our position in those markets means that when you adopt the guidelines, you may have a different type of reaction on certain line items, whether it be an OCI or reserve dynamics, because it is just the mix of our business. So what's going to be important for us is not only explaining the impact of the adoption, but as important to me, why that adoption means something different because of the makeup and mix of our business. So we are working on it, John.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: No. That's helpful, Fred, the economics are the economics, right? We are talking about accounting.
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: That's right.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: The second question I have is one for Eric, and I don't think the credit markets are necessarily behaving in such a way to indicate that we are at the precipice of a turn, but the equity market certainly seems to be acting in that way. Is there anything that you're doing? And I'm really talking about here in the last 30 days or so, as market conditions have really started to shift, is there anything as you're reviewing the portfolio that sort of rising to a watch list sort of category, I put quotes around watch list, that you think maybe it's time to start altering allocations?
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Yes, but not in a dramatic fashion, because we too don't see an event vis-à-vis credit markets, even despite equity markets that would terribly impact from a credit standpoint and the quality standpoint. We don't see anything probably for another year and a half. Having said that, what we are thinking about and acting on as an example is when we look at our traditional credit book, like investment-grade bonds, the high-yield bonds, the old yen private placements, which are much less reduced from years ago, but nevertheless, we still own them, we are saying to ourselves well, to the extent we see something in 2020 and we are not calling for a major sell-off, but a change of the credit cycle, are there credits that we'd rather not own? Because in that market environment, they'll start to deteriorate around the edges. So, we have been doing some de-risking, particularly some old yen private placements throughout the year. And year-to-date, we've de-risked about $1 billion of positions. Again, nothing that raises an alarm for us, it's just good hygiene. You want to be better positioned when the credit cycle turns. The other part of the portfolio I would call out is in our middle market loan portfolio. We have definitely seen a lot of money chasing those types of deals. It's well written about in the press. Our production this year has been a little slower than we expected, because we are upholding our credit underwriting standards. There are a lot of players in the market that are loosening those; because they've committed to their investors, they're going to buy those assets. Well, we've not taken that view and we're in the middle now of planning for next year as we go through what we call our silver and gold plan here internally and we have to think about on the investment side deployment, and particularly to private markets like the floaters where we've made a commitment. So, in the middle market loan space, just from a standpoint of planning, we're planning to be more conservative with respect to how much we might actually be able to underwrite and deploy. Having said that, the other part of our floating rate portfolio transitional real estate, we still find very good relative value. Spreads have come in somewhat, but that market has not been as hot, if you will, as the middle market loan space. So, we see that as a place to potentially offset some of the lower deployment in middle market loans. But to your question, John, around the credit environment, those are the two areas I would focus in on where we are making adjustments. That will have minor impacts to net investment income, they are not major. But when that credit cycle turns, the actions we take today will serve us well at that point in time.
John Nadel - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much, Eric. Really appreciate the color. And totally agree with you.
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. The first question I had is sort of along the same lines. I guess just high level on spread compression; we sort of haven't seen any and part of its – the tactical moves that have been made in the last call a year or two. Could you give us idea of sort of where you are with the commitment to invest with NXT Capital? And sort of how close we are to winding down some of the investments that have improved new money yields? And ultimately, are we going to kind of drop back into a little bit of yield compression? Or should it be more stable and flat from here?
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Well, that's a little difficult to answer because the new money yield will be not only impacted by spreads but the overall level of just interest rates and remember, in our book we've got Japan interest rates and dollar interest rates. And from that perspective, both are generally heading up now. So even to the extent we're buying yen assets and we are – we do need good old-fashioned yen assets, whether they'd be JGBs, private placements, yen publics for ALM purposes for Japan. Those new money yields have been trending higher around the edges, so that's good. In the U.S., relative to our floating rate portfolios, we still have capacity in both asset classes of transitional real estate middle market loans. We have definitely seen some spread compression offset by higher LIBOR yields, because you know those coupons are set based on LIBOR plus the spread. So net-net, we've seen a small decline, but not large. When we put that money to work, I would keep in mind two things that those portfolios for us, the floating rate portfolios, the loans, become mature portfolios. There is a natural speed of prepayment on those loans. They typically can be anywhere from 3 to 5 years. But you do start to get natural prepayments. So you will see, in our new money, maturities not only of old fixed-rate bonds, but even prepayments of some of these floaters, which then therefore, gives us ample capacity to reinvest back in the market depending on the credit underwriting standards. So a shorter answer to your question is for Aflac Japan, I'd expect the new money yield next year if conditions were the same as now to be hovering around that high-2%, low-3%, maybe 3.25% type area. I'll just keep in mind, from a tactical perspective, as we go through the year, some of our investment strategies could pivot depending on what happens in any of those markets. But that's what I would say if just market conditions stay the same and our new money allocation stayed approximately the same, which at this point we would expect.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And maybe just one follow-up. On the rolling of the FX hedges is – I know that was sort of locked in, sort of more one-time. Is that a Q4 item, or more of a 1Q item where you have to roll more of those hedges?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yes, in terms of the rolls, going back to what we told everybody. For 2018, at the end of last year, we chose to lock-in the majority of our Group 1 hedges. Our Group 2 hedges are locked in, if you remember the charts I showed back at the analyst meeting, think of those. And a lot of the term-out hedges are actually starting to roll now – between now and the end of the year. But we are in the middle of our planning sessions now and thinking about for 2019, we are thinking about hedge costs, interest rates, the net income of our floating rate assets, so we right now are discussing what we want that strategy to be and we will report out at the outlook call more specifics on our decision around that. I would tell you although to keep in mind the following and this is the beauty of the strategy, particularly with Group 1, the floating rate. Regardless of whether we lock-in or not, if we don't – if hedge costs continue to go up and assuming that's driven by LIBOR, which is the biggest determinant of hedge cost, not the only though. Well, hedge costs will go up, the income from the floaters will go up and the nice thing is that net number, the growth income from the loans or the floaters less the hedge cost is there is a trend up, we get a boost on both sides of that statement, if you will, which means our net should be pretty consistent and solid. To the extent we choose to lock it in, there is somewhat of two elements of that decision. One part of that decision is, we have a view that hedge cost will continue to increase during the year. And secondly, we might have a view that all things may equal and provides a little bit more stability to net investment income and earnings. So those are some of the factors that go into our decision-making, which as I said, we are looking into now to be able to report out at the earnings call.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just to follow up on Fred's early comments on the cohort of products being kind of being up sold or switching to the newer products. I did notice for this quarter, as you all kind of, I guess, redundant reserve releases were lower, but DAC amortization being higher. I'm just wondering kind of based on your expectation of these type of switching, are you largely over from those kind of more recently issued policies switching to the new product or should we still expect some of this dynamic to continue in the coming quarters as some of these activities continue?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: One thing I would say just at the start of the answer to the question is that, keep in mind the concept of lapse and reissued policies and these are polices that are being purchased, because they represent an improvement for the consumer and remember, we are re-underwriting when we reissued the policy. This has been going on for as long as anyone can remember in terms of being in the third sector business. So it's very natural, both on the medical side and on the cancer side, you will see a level of lapse and reissue. In fact, we've done some analysis here more recently and when looking really even after at the last three years worth of quarters, it's very much a consistent level of benefit ratio improvement that comes from lapse and reissue. It tends to range from 90 basis points to maybe as much as 130 basis points depending on whether a new product has been issued or what have you. So you need to keep in mind that there is not an abnormal necessarily. It's not abnormal to see a level of lapse and reissue, that's the normal. It's more that when you do launch a new product, you'll see a period of time where it pops up a bit from what you would expect. And I would expect that to come down for the rest of – as we go through the rest of the year, it's already starting to come down. Todd, do you have any color on it from your perspective?
J. Todd Daniels - Aflac, Inc.: No, I think that's right, Fred. And just remember, it all depends on the cohort of policies that lapse, whether they're more recently issued or if they're older in-force policies and that will determine the amount of benefit reserves release versus DAC amortization that you get on the P&L.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Got it. So and then shifting gear, question for Eric. You've talked about – there's a little bit more allocation to the floating rate assets, especially the real estate transitional assets. I think that's kind of the reason why the new money yield in the U.S. jump to kind of like a 5-plus this quarter? Is there any kind of outsized allocation this quarter, just kind of to help that new money yield? Or is that the new run rates, we should be thinking about going forward?
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. And also, I'll take the opportunity, because Andrew had asked I didn't have it at my fingertips but I do now. For Aflac U.S., there is about $1 billion in total approximately on the balance sheet currently of those floating rate assets and about two-thirds is in transitional real estate and about one-third in middle market loans. Relative to your question, no our asset allocation for the quarter was pretty even throughout. There was, at the beginning of the year, a higher amount in transitional real estate, because we were successful at finding and deploying assets in that asset class. But now, it was pretty more normal and spread out. But we'd expect that new money yield to be traveling in the 4.5% to 5%, broadly speaking for Aflac U.S.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW. Your line is now open.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I had a follow-up question on – I guess, from Japan on the internal hedging at the holding company. I guess, once you've completed that, how should we think about the balance sheet sensitivity to moves in the yen will – I guess, will there be more capital sensitivity on a go-forward basis due to the reduced hedge ratio?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Actually, when thinking in terms of GAAP capital, if you will, in terms of equity, because you are have more of a mark-to-market through net income of both the positions, you would expect the offset to calm down some of that type of volatility. That's not the expressed design of the program. The design of the program is economic and that we are wanting to defend the economic value of our Japan franchise, for our shareholders in dollar terms. And so we think of that hedge as being a combination of unhedged U.S. dollars in Japan, borrowing in yen at the holding company. And now this strategy of back-to-back hedges at the holding company. These are three tools that we are using effectively to protect the economic value of Japan franchise from movements in the yen, particularly a weakening yen over a long period of time. And so that's really the basis of it is economically in its design. It's not meant to be some sort of hedge on earnings or hedge that specifically looking to calm down GAAP definition of equity tangible or a OCI. So that's the way, I would describe it Ryan, that we've dialed it in economically.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Unknown Speaker: And I would just add, in terms of capital volatility, we do not expect any increased capital volatility from this. We hold significant capital and we put in place a number of processes and procedures in order to limit capital volatility. So at the holding company, we would not expect any significant additional capital volatility from this.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, appreciate it.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Operator, I believe that concludes our call? And I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning for our call. And hope that you will join us on December 3, Monday for our 2019 outlook call. Please feel free to contact our Investor & Rating Agency Relations Department if you have any questions in the interim. And we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Young - VP, Investor and Rating Agency Relations Daniel Amos - Chairman and CEO Frederick Crawford - Executive Vice President and CFO Teresa White - President, Aflac U.S. Eric Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer Rich Williams - Chief Distribution Officer Al Riggieri - Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary Max Broden - Treasurer. Charles Lake - President, Aflac International Masatoshi Koide - President and Representative Director Todd Daniels - Principal Financial Officer Koji Ariyoshi - Director and Head, Sales and Marketing
Analysts: John Nadel - UBS Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners John Barnidge - Sandle O'Neill Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Suneet Kamath - Citi
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice-President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
David Young: Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter call. This morning we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac, Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States; then Fred Crawford, Executive Vice-President and CFO of Aflac, Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results, outlook and capital management. We will then open our call to questions. Joining us this morning for Q&A are members of our executive management team in the U.S.; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; Max Broden, Treasurer. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance. Charles Lake, President of Aflac International and Chairman Representative Director; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Todd Daniels, Principal Financial Officer; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of aflac.com, and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Amos: Thank you, Dave, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin by saying that the second quarter 2018 established a strong first half of the year for Aflac. I am pleased that we were able to upward or revise our 2018 adjusted earnings per share outlook. Aflac Japan our largest contributor generated strong financial results. Fred will provide more details but let me just say that in yen terms, Aflac Japan's pretax profit margin was ahead of expectations both through the quarter and through the first six months. Aflac Japan's outstanding third sector sales increase of 16% was well above our expectations. This strong results was largely due to April's introduction of our new cancer insurance products. There were a few factors that drove sales beyond our expectations for the quarter. First, the new cancer insurance policy offered popular enhanced benefit features while carefully managing the risk profile of the product as we've done in the past. In addition, we launched a targeted promotional campaign for all this cancer - the new cancer product that incorporated television ads with the largest direct mail campaign we've ever done. And finally we fully engaged our wide reaching distribution network. Over the last few years following our agreement with Japan post, we phased in our cancer insurance sales to postal outlets that were positioned for sales at the time. This new cancer product launch marked the first introduction that we've had access to all 20,000 plus Japan post outlets at the same time. The results there were bigger than we had anticipated. In fact this quarter reflected the highest production ever in Japan post in terms of a fee. Our traditional agencies also had a solid performance in cancer sales and they continue to be bottled to our success. Our extensive distribution network furthers our goal to be where people want to buy insurance. All of these factors reflected an strong cancer sales growth for both the independent corporate agencies and affiliated corporate agencies during the quarter. The quarter's results are laying the foundation for another strong year of third sector sales. We believe some of this reflects an acceleration of sales that we originally anticipated for the second half of the year recognizing the strong launch of the cancer product. We have robust our projections and are now calling for growth rate in the low single-digit for 2018 third sector sales. Remember, we're coming off comparison to an outstanding 2017 for third sector medical sales due to last year's introduction of the new ever medical product. You will hear more about this from Ariyoshi at our financial analyst briefing in September. Our focus of remaining our leadership position in the sale of third sector products that are less interest rate-sensitive had strong and stable margins. We will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new third sector products to maintaining our market leadership. Turning to Aflac U.S. we are pleased with our financial performance. The pretax profit margins exceeded our expectations both for the quarter and for the first half of the year. I'm also pleased with our sales results for the quarter which advanced our progress in achieving our anticipated full-year sales growth of 3% to 5%. You'll hear more about this from Teresa and Richard at financial analyst briefing in September but we continue to expect our growth in broker sales. Our team of broker sales professionals have made great strides in successfully strengthening Aflac's relationship within the large broker community. Our partnering initiatives for True Group products is still early in development but is already starting to take up the shape. As a result, Aflac is seeing a high rate of growth through brokers and strong sales growth in our group products. Keep in mind, Aflac is different from our peers and there is a majority of our sales comes from our independent sales agent. We are fortunate to have such a strong independent field force which is truly unique within our industry. These career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with the smaller employers and groups with fewer than 100 employees. Aflac independent career agents have been driving force behind Aflac's ability to dominate the smaller case market. Recruiting remains a challenge in a strong employment marketplace. However, productivity continues to improve as our veteran agents further penetrate existing accounts and our investment in agent development gains traction. Equally important is a coordination between our powerful field force of sales agents and our growing network of broker sales professionals. It is very encouraging that our brokers look for solutions for their clients. They have found that Aflac portfolio of products helps fills those needs. Brokers are looking for a strong brand like Aflac as they also leverage our outstanding track record of experienced and extensive fulfillment capacities. Our deal force independent agents are experts who have demonstrated their ability to accelerate growth by working with brokers and broker sales professionals. We characterize this collaboration as broker influenced business. As we look to the remainder of 2018 we will continue to expect sales to make way towards the fourth quarter as broker and broker influenced sales are a growing part of our business. Turning to capital deployment, Fred will provide more detail shortly. We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our bondholders, shareholders and policyholders. At the same time, we are balancing our financial strength with increasing the dividend repurchasing shares and reinvesting in our business. We continue to anticipate that we’ll repurchase in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion of our shares in 2018. As always is the case, this assumes stable capital conditions and the absence of compelling alternatives. Looking ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will reflect the underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and the United States. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balances the interest of all stakeholders. At the same time, we will also reflect our dedication to delivering on the promise we make to our policyholders. I’ll conclude by saying that this has been one of the best quarters in the company's history and I'm very proud of it. I’ll continue to be excited about Aflac future growth. And now I’ll turn the program over to Fred who will cover the financial results. Fred?
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Building on a strong start to the year our earnings results for the second quarter exceeded our expectations. While it is early in the year the strength of our performance year-to-date and stability in our margins gives us confidence, we will exceed our original guidance range for the year. We have therefore updated our currency neutral adjusted earnings guidance to a range of $3.90 to $4.06 per diluted share. Key variables as we move through the year include continued strength in investment income, sustainability of benefit ratios in underlying claims trends and the pace of expense build as we continue to invest in the future growth and efficiencies. For the quarter adjusted earnings of $1.07 were driven by strong pretax margins both in Japan and the U.S. Our reported results benefited modestly by a strengthening of the yen as compared to 2017 period contributing $0.01 per share to the quarter's results. Virtually all key earnings drivers performed at or above our expectations. Japan branch conversion costs in the quarter were $40 million. We project less than 10 million in remaining costs spread over the third and fourth quarter. We have effectively wrapped up the conversion with total project cost of approximately $120 million, consistent with the low end of our forecasted range. Turning to our Japan segment results, we reported pretax profit margin of 21.8%. Our total benefit ratio came in below our guidance range of 70% to 72%, driven by a continued shift in business mix from first sector towards third sector, positive claims trends in our cancer business and associated reserve adjustments. Our expense ratio in Japan reverted back to the midpoint of our outlook range of 19% to 21%. The sequential increase was expected given promotional spend with the launch of our refreshed cancer product and continued build in IT modernization spend. We would expect to run towards the high end of our outlook range throughout the rest of the year. Before moving on to the U.S. segment, as is common when introducing a new or refreshed third sector product in Japan, we typically experience elevated lapse and reissue activity as policyholders choose to upgrade their existing policies for the enhanced benefits. In the short run and depending on the mix of policies, this can apply downward pressure on our benefit ratio as we release reserves on lapse policies and experience elevated deck amortization on the same policies. While it is too early in the launch of our cancer product to have specific estimates on the impact, we believe this contributed to Japan's favorable benefit ratio, increased deck amortization, and provided a very modest net benefits or earnings in the quarter. We expect this impact will lessen throughout the year. Turning to the U.S. results, our overall pretax profit margin in the quarter was 21.1%. Our total benefit ratio moved back to the midpoint of our guidance range of 51% to 53%. We have historically seen a lower first quarter benefit ratio followed by a modest increase in the second quarter, and that experience continues. Our expense ratio in the U.S. came in below our expectations and is largely timing related. We expect accelerated spend in the second half of the year, which includes previously announced post tax reform investments. As mentioned in the first quarter, these accelerated investments will amount to approximately $0.03 per share in the second half of the year. Overall, we continue to see the year coming in around the midpoint of our guidance range of 34% to 36%, with the second half running at the high end of the range. Investment income performance both in Japan and the U.S. continues to deliver very strong results. The year-to-date outperformance has been driven primarily by the accelerated growth of our floating-rate portfolio, further benefiting from higher LIBOR rates, relative to our expectations coming into the year. As we have previously commented, we elected to lock in the majority of our hedge costs for 2018, which mitigated the potential impact from higher U.S. interest rates. As hedge instruments roll off, we would expect to lose some of this relative outperformance heading into 2019. As I discussed in the first quarter call, we continue to make progress on managing our economic exposure to the yen, while lowering enterprise wide costs associated with the Japan's U.S. dollar investment hedging. We accomplish this by entering into an offsetting hedge position at the holding company, with the financial impact recognized in our corporate and other segment. We have built this offsetting position to approximately $1.25 billion in the quarter, contributing $7 million on a pretax basis to the quarter’s earnings. Our strategy balance is securing Aflac's strong capital position in Japan, while lowering our enterprise exposure to a weakening yen. We will spend more time discussing this risk reduction strategy at our September financial analyst briefing in Japan. We ended the quarter in a strong capital position. Japan's solvency margin ratio is estimated in the 950% range, this is particularly strong result recognizing our April 2nd conversion from a branch to a subsidiary reduced SMR by approximately 130 points. As we have stated previously, we have plans in place to restore the SMR accounting impact over a three-year period. Our estimated U.S. only risk-based capital ratio at quarter end stands at roughly 850%, and includes an estimate of the full adoption of U.S. tax reform. It is our understanding the NAIC intends on adopting the full effect of tax reform in 2018. With the impact of tax reform and dividend projections that include a drawdown of $500 million in excess capital in the second half of the year, we are projecting an RBC in the mid 600% range for year-end 2018. We ended the quarter with just over $2 billion of capital and liquidity of the holding company. We set aside $1 billion of contingent capital, and $500 million for liquidity in support of holding company derivative positions. Despite recent increases in volatility, overall credit conditions and asset quality remains strong with very little in the way of impairments in the quarter. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned approximately $500 million to our shareholders in the quarter. We repurchased 6.8 million shares of our stock for $306 million in the quarter and remain tactical in our approach. We are maintaining our current outlook range for repurchase of $1.1 to $1.4 billion in 2018. As we move into the third quarter, we plan to make a $50 million contribution to our pension fund. This contribution is larger than normal and takes advantage of a 35% corporate tax deduction if funded prior to September 15. The contribution has no implications for our capital plans and represents a sound use of excess capital. With the conversion behind us, we are hard at work to optimize our capital and liquidity profile. We will further develop these strategies at our September financial analyst briefing. I'll now hand the call back to David to begin our Q&A session. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions, but first let me ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up to that question to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. We will now take the first question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first participant to ask question is Ryan Kruger of KBW. Your line is now open.
Ryan Kruger: Fred, could you help us size the potential impact of the role off of the hedges that you locked in this year as we go into next and they reset?
Frederick Crawford: It certainly helped in mitigate if you will some of the rising rates. As you recall, we locked in approximately 80% of our hedge costs as we are entering into 2018 and we estimate for the full year on a pretax basis that benefits us by approximately $9 million for 2018. So that's the approximate benefits. So it's relatively modest, but again we would note that as we roll into 2019, we'll start having a reset if you will of our hedge cost and obviously hedge cost have risen through throughout the year. Again that's offset by LIBOR benefiting us as we built down the floating rate portfolio.
Ryan Kruger: And then just one other one, you mentioned prudent investment in the business I think in regard as a comment after your buyback comment for the year. As presumably the ongoing business investments don't really have much impact on your capital position that is I referred to - are you referring to things like investments and some of the insured tech companies and things along that nature?
Frederick Crawford: No, not really referring to that, although we have set of sites some opportunistic money if you will to reinvest in those efforts and those efforts are going well, but they represent a relatively modest allocation of our excess capital when looking at any given year over a three-year period of time. Really, the more important aspect of reinvestment back in the business platform both in the U.S. and Japan is that we are calling for some elevated expense ratios if you will as we move through the remainder of the year. We have been running at relatively low expense ratios in the early part of the year both in Japan and the U.S. As you saw in the second quarter, Japan were reverted back to more what we would expect in that 20% range as an expense ratio, but the U.S. was quite low and that's largely timing related because we for natural reasons had backend loaded for example some of our tax reform investments as we formulate the plan and remain very prudent to how we allocate that money. So, some of that reinvestment is really related to expense ratio guidance and not so much a tax on our capital position or excess capital deployment.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of John Nadel of UBS. Your line is now open.
John Nadel: Fred, just a question on the U.S. risk-based capital ratio. I think you had mentioned that it's around 850%, you expect it to drop down to about 650% at year-end. I think there's two drivers there, one, is the $500 million dividend that you're expecting to take out, the other is the tax impacts. Can you sort of give us a sense of the relative contributions for that 200 point decline from each?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, absolutely. So, remember, the first half of tax reform was already adopted in the number that was the DTA that was adopted early. So, the tax reform impact for 2018 is really in the denominator, if you will. And that has as an impact of right around 75 points of RBC. In other words, if you were to look at our RBC before that implementation of tax reform, we would be running at or posting 925% RBC. So, that tax reform implication had knocked it down to 850%. Now, what brings it down to 650% is that we've largely backend loaded our U.S. statutory dividend and the removal of that excess capital all takes place in the second half of the year. In fact the removal of excess capital together with normal dividend of earnings that are produced in the U.S. entity, we are calling for upwards of just a touch over $1 billion of dividend activity up to the holding company in the second half of the year. So, it's quite a bit backend loaded. And a lot of that had to do with making our way through the conversion and settling into our post conversion RBC estimates.
John Nadel: So that $1 billion of dividend is really the 200 points?
Frederick Crawford: You got it. And it's a combination of statutory earnings in normal, what I would call, ordinary dividend capacity, and then the $500 million excess capital.
John Nadel: And then just - to circle back on persistency in Japan. I know it's nitpicky but that's ticked down a bit maybe 1 to 1.5 percentage points over the last several quarters. Is that really related to what you discussed earlier, which is the sort of shift in lab patient of old policies and for the new ones?
Frederick Crawford: That's right. And particularly with cancer, because you're talking about having gone 4 years since upgrade, and so, with advancements in cancer treatment and diagnosis and then together with other beneficial features that Dan, noted in his comments. You have much more in the way of an attractive upgrade opportunity for our policyholders. Recognizing that we age down things in cancer and so it tends to be some of the more recent policies that are most susceptible to this. And in that case what ends up happening is, yes, you'll have elevated labs activity i.e. lower persistency. You'll have sales obviously benefiting from that activity. But then when you get to our P&L, you have a bit of a lower benefit ratio as you release reserves on the policy, higher DAC and DAC amortization. And that tends to balance out for somewhat modest impact to earnings. So, it's little less about an earnings story and more about the line items in the P&L. And I would note that it's very important to understand that. In the second quarter of last year we actually had the same dynamic, it's by coincidence but we launched our medical product in March last year. And if you look at the trends in persistency, trends in benefit ratio, DAC amortization, you see the same phenomenon last year, 1Q to 2Q as you see this year. That's coincidental but it gives you an idea of that, that tends to happen when you first launch the product. It calms down over time, obviously.
John Nadel: And are you agnostic between cancer and medical sales?
Frederick Crawford: I'll let Dan answer that because we talked about that. The answer is, from a profitability perspective, yes. But Dan, why don't you talk about it.
Daniel Amos: Yes, I think we are. We have always said that when the profit margins are relatively similar, then to us it doesn't matter. And agents always choose the path of least resistance. And the path of least resistance is always the newest product that's on the market. It gives some swizzle and they can straight to it. You saw that happened last year with the EVER product. And now you're seeing it this year with the new cancer product. So, it makes it much easier than us to try to figure out how to balance every year, which one they sell. If there was an enormous difference in profitability then that's one thing. But there isn't. So from that standpoint we feel very good about it. And it's nothing new. I mean we've been doing it since the inception of Japan, we've been working that way.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Dally: I just wanted to follow on from John's question. Is it possible to, John mentioned, the portion of sales that represented the lapse then reissues activity on the new cancer product? And also just a question on accounting, when you do have a lapse and reissue, is it just a incremental premium book to the sale or is it the whole annualized premium on new policy?
Frederick Crawford: Yeah, it's the overall premium, because it's really treated as literally two separate transactions, meaning -- because it's really consistent with what the consumer has decided. They've decided to lapse their policy and so you'll see that lapse accounted for and reported just as a lapse. So, it hurts your persistency as you would expect and it's consistent with accounting. The accounting guidance on this is, if you've made material changes to the policy, particularly the benefit structure of the policy and more materially improved it, then you really account for it as a lapse and reissue. So, that's the way it goes. The reissue then is marked and reported as a sale. And so the accounting and the way we report is consistent in that regard. And then in terms of sizing it, this is obviously been going on for many, many years. This is really always how it's been reported as a company. We will tend to see normal lapse and reissue activity ranging in the 10% to 15% in any given period and any given year. But as I mentioned, in the period where you actually launch in that period, i.e. the quarter or perhaps a quarter or two, it will naturally be elevated upwards of 25% to 30%. And we suspect that's about the type of result we've seen this time around. When it comes to the outright earnings impact, it's quite a bit muted. It's very dependent on the cohort of what actually lapse. Older policies, for example, which is more rare when they lapse, will release higher reserves. They often times as they're very old may have cash value associated with it, and very little DAC amortization. And so it hits the bottom line in a little more pronounced to positive way. But because many of the policies tend to be really younger, if you will, in terms of age of the policies when they've been issued, last five years, for example, you'll have less in the way of reserve release and more in the way of DAC amortization. So it's highly dependent on the mix of business, which is why it's difficult to estimate. We would we would estimate in this period that may be earnings benefited from ¥1 billion to ¥2 billion, in that range, so, relatively modest, and again, very similar to 2017. But Nigel, well you've been around long time. The cancer product before this one, that was the case, and the cancer product before that when it was the case. So, it's been going on over -- across 20 years. So, it's nothing new.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, just on the expected RBC decline because of tax reform, has that in any way changed your view of what the RBC threshold should be? I think you've mentioned 500% that being sort of an initial threshold for the RBC, just trying to assess how the lower RBC affects your plans to free the $1 billion from the U.S. conversion.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, Jimmy. No impact to that. We are very comfortable, not only with the tax reform absorbed in our capital plan and drawdown of excess capital, but I would also note that we're comfortable with any potential movement related to the C1 bucket, if you will, changes that are expected in 2019. We see neither of those events as disrupting our drawdown plans. We have settled in and expect to settle in around 500% at the end of 2019. As I've mentioned publicly, I think given the risk profile of our business as we start to print blue books and are able to analyze and report our stability, if you will, and low risk profile as U.S. only entity, we'll continue to look to see whether there's further optimization opportunity in that. I think most observers would say that 500% RBC on the nature of our business is quite high, even for our high ratings threshold. And so, we'll work on that. But I think, when working with rating agencies and frankly thinking about our own risk management practices, it's important to start printing some of these statutory results on a U.S. only basis to make sure we have a good handle on it and can support our case. So, we think there's room there, Jimmy, but just to answer your question, no tax reform nor the C1 changes are going to disrupt our capital plans.
Jimmy Bhullar: And if I could ask one more just overall obviously your sales were very strong in Japan, the one negative I thought was just the medical sales continuing to shrink and I think they're sitting around the ¥6 billion quarterly range. And they’ve drifted lower steadily after you introduced the updated product last year. So I’m assuming you had introduced a new product at some point next year, but - is this sort of a normal level of medical sales do you expect in the absence of any new products or have the sales been pressured a little bit because of the whole focus on cancer recently?
Daniel Amos: I’d like you Koji - Koide to answer the question. Koide?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] Well one of the big reasons why medical sales are shrinking is because it’s been more than a year since the new medical product was launched. And then as you know we have launched a new cancer product in April and everyone is really shifting their focus to some of this product. As a result medical sales in the second quarter declined and this is something that we have assumed and this is what we have been experiencing in the past as well. And as this medical insurance area is very competitive however we are still maintaining a number one position in new business policy number as well as AP. So please remember that we are still maintaining that number one position.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Question for Fred regarding the benefit ratio and DAC amortization impact from the lapses. I understand from a earnings is small, but like how should we think about the moving pieces in terms of the uplift – I mean the downward pressure on the benefit ratio and the uplift to DAC amortization. And then also how should we think about in the balance of the year?
Frederick Crawford: Yeah I think in terms of the balance of the year, we would expect this impact to lessen as I mentioned. So it will become less distinguishable from a line item perspective and really negligible in terms of any particular earnings impact. I think an easy way to think about it Humphrey is that as I mentioned in my comments. We would expect the benefit ratio in Japan to elevate back within the guidance range we have which is 70% to 72% and that's one way of thinking about the relative impact because that would be probably one of the features that would drive it back up. We also have particular strong cancer claims trends don't forget we’re actually seeing just good flat net experience particularly in hospitalization trends on cancer. And that led to not only positive claims activity, but also some natural IBNR release which is somewhat mechanical as we adjust for the trends we’re seeing. So we continue to see that development and that's a very economic if you will in terms of the benefit. Very importantly what I would say to you is that when looking at the benefit ratio overall in Japan while our guidance range is 70% to 72% we actually expect the full year to be coming in at the downside of that range that has been somewhat consistent pattern and we expect some of that to continue. It will be more elevated than what we had in the second quarter, but still overall year will fall very close to the bottom end of that range is what we are currently projecting. So that's the way to think about it. The actual line item impact with preciseness there is more work to be done to be able to isolate that because it gets quick quite, quite technical. You're talking about really needing to isolate all the exact moving parts in the policy from particularly a lapse policy dynamic. As I mentioned the cohorts can be very sensitive as to what the impact is to the line items. We’ll continue to do more work on that can provide more transparency, but from a bottom line perspective it's not a big material mover. And again you can kind of take both the benefit ratio guidance we've given as a little bit of the impact DAC amortization very similarly and I would again call your attention to last year's 1Q to 2Q development. You can see the same thing happening benefit ratio drifted down, when we launched the medical product in March amortization drifted up. And those are reasonable proximities of what you see on those line items.
Humphrey Lee: And then on the third sector sales in the quarter so obviously there are lot of the moving pieces part of it because of the new product launch and then also kind of we having a very successful targeted promotional campaign. And then I believe there is also some pent up demand from the first quarter in anticipation of the launch. So when we think about the product is up like excluding the impact of the pent up demand from the first quarter like how would you kind of characterize the product itself kind of addressing the need of the consumer that was not available in the marketplace before this product. And how should we think about kind of the sales impact in the balance of the year?
Daniel Amos: Koide or Koji?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language]
Koji Ariyoshi: Okay, I will take the question this is Koji [Foreign Language]. We have always - try to incorporate features by always thinking about what is needed by customers as well as what is going in the medical treatment area. For example this time we have implemented a specified premium waiver feature of positive care et cetera. We also have features to be able to cover broad range of customers that include new customers as well as our existing customers. And we are also providing our product to those customers who have concerns about their health or even to cancer survivors. And particularly at this time our main feature is to add specified premium waiver feature which has been long wanted by the JP Japan Post customers. And we have also added our coverage that can be added to our existing policy holders policies and this is was very much wanted by our agencies and these have contributed two the sales this time.
Daniel Amos: I’d like to add one of thing and that is product is important here but it’s also just strong distribution channel. We are truly going to the places that people want to buy products. And then don’t forget our domination of the cancer insurance market is something that stands out worldwide that what we’ve been able to do in that market. Medical is more competitive if you go back 2001 when we deregulated the market a lot of people thought Aflac would be out of business all big competitors would put us out and instead you saw the Dai-Ichi Life sell for us. You saw some of the other competitors get in and then pull back, you seen Japan post, you’ve seen post off – I mean the banks. I think its part distribution, but it also as those products as well but it's a one, two punch of both of them that makes it stand out.
Humphrey Lee: I guess just kind of cover a little bit so like for the - almost ¥21 billion in cancer sales in the quarter. We think about some of it is probably because of the pent up demand from first quarter and the others just because of the you have a new and better product. So if we kind of bifurcate between some of the pent up demand versus the what do you expect as a more normal, quarterly sales for the cancer product, how should we think about that?
Frederick Crawford: What I would say to your point if this is what you mean by pent up sales. You might recall and we've commented on this publicly that as it starts to become well understood that we’re refreshing our cancer product particularly when we filed with the FSA and we’re in motion and starting to build. You will see a natural anticipation of the new product and a pullback in some of the distribution systems as they prepare for it. So you do have some shift from a 1Q pause to a 2Q jump out of the gate and strong sales but then as Dan had mentioned and Koji mentioned, it's natural both in medical and cancer that as the year goes on you start to see things taper from the sales perspective. So you have a little bit of acceleration of what we anticipate in the second half of the year into the second quarter and then you have exactly what you're saying a little bit of that delayed start or pent-up demand if you want to call it from 1Q to 2Q.
Daniel Amos: You can't get more about two quarters up.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of John Barnidge of Sandle O'Neill. Your line is now open.
John Barnidge: Given the strong first half third sector sales this year, should we start viewing the Japan segment now that we have had a product portfolio composition shift of third sector in a way from first sector as more heavily weighted towards the first half in any given year to may be balance out the U.S. increasingly 4Q '18 for sales?
Daniel Amos: I think it's a function of when we introduced new product and that is the approval based on the FSA and the minute we decide we are coming out with a new product, we wanted as quickly as we can. So we don't hold for anything. So I think that what's driving in more than anything else.
John Barnidge: Then with the new cancer products rolled out driving strong sales, can you talk about other new products or product enhancements, please?
Daniel Amos: Japan.
John Barnidge: Yes. That will be great.
Daniel Amos: Koide or whoever wants to do it.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] In terms of new products, we'll be focusing and we have been focusing on medical and cancer and especially cancer products that we needed to develop very attractive products at appropriate timing. And then looking at medical products because of medical area as more competitive compared with either product in much more quicker pace and we are also considering some of the products in the protection type area and we are considering them for example, one of the areas that we are currently considering - promotional area, which could be very attractive.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Erik Bass: In the U.S. you are seeing some nice improvement on year-over-year and agent productivity. Can you just talk about which of your initiatives have the biggest impact to date and where you still see opportunity to improve performance?
Teresa White: So, Erik this is Teresa. I think in the area of where we are seeing most of our improvement, its distribution expansion and all of the activities that we have around our broker tools and services. I think we have started to see the investments pay off in that area. We also have executed on product partnership and other solutions that we are bringing to the employer, which I think have helped us to provide lift on that side as well. As to what may not be performing as well, at this point, I feel like we are operating on all cylinders, what I'm seeing is a disciplined execution on our strategy. Obviously, I'd love to have more recruits increased productivity et cetera, but we continue to see very positive movement in many of our metrics, so hopefully that will answer your question.
Erik Bass: To follow up on one thing you mentioned. You talked about the billed out of your products including some of the partnership relationships. Can you just comment on the impact that this is having on sales?
Teresa White: We are seeing increase in quotes from many of our larger case brokers and actually in the mid market as well. And so we see that as a great leading indicator for sales but we’ve also seen the sales rates increase as well. Enhancements to our new cancer products has also been a part of that as well.
Erik Bass: And now I would assume the biggest benefit from that you'd see on sales would be in the fourth quarter as well?
Teresa White: Yes.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Suneet Kamath from Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: Wanted to talk about Japan and the annualized premiums enforced even with the strong third sector sales it looks like that number is still coming down. I know there is 5-pay way still kind of coming through, but any sense of when you think that annualized premiums enforced number will start to grow again?
Frederick Crawford: Suneet I think it does take a while we are still seeing the paid up policy dynamics come through in first sector. First sector but in general has about a one little north of 1% lapse rate generally. And then the paid-up policies are running around ¥30 billion for the year and that will continue to come down, but modestly. You'll still see a level of paid-up policies not just related to 5-pay but just in general other forms of paid-up policies that we have on the books. And then eventually there's a 10 Pay product that sold far less than the five Pay but that comes into play as well. So first sector premium in general is going to continue to be modestly down, but it's slowly starting to get overwhelmed by the growth rate of third sector particularly when we post consecutive years of third sector growth rate. And so the third sector earned premium is now about 75% of our total earned premium that's up about 200 basis points over last year this time gives you an idea the mix shift. And that third sector premium as we said we anticipate growing in the 2% to 3% range. And we’re certainly hitting that that nicely. So you'll start to eventually turn the corner, I think for sure you're into very low growth rates once you do turn that corner just by virtue of the sheer size of our block of business and natural lapsation that takes place. But what's really important is the embedded value if you will and profitability of that shift and mix away from first sector towards third sector is a very good development for the company over time. And you end up seeing the evidence of that in improved FSA earnings which means improved cash flow in excess capital and deployment opportunities. So we’re happy with that trend line.
Suneet Kamath: And then just on the third sector sales it looks like cancer is going to carry you guys for this year I think medical was pretty strong last year. I think there was a question on this earlier but just to follow up. Is there another sort of key product launch that you guys are thinking about for 2019 to kind of overcome what’s becoming some difficult comps in '18?
Daniel Amos: Will let Japan touch on that again.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] And of course for our growth it is our responsibility to really inject new product into the market in a well planned manner. So we are steadily preparing for our new product launch. However I am not able to really disclose the specifics of the product that we are thinking of.
Daniel Amos: That’s the requirement of that let’s say that not just us that act like I want Dave.
Suneet Kamath: No, that’s fine just one last one just on the income support product. I think in the past you talked about maybe that product is for the third leg and the product stool in Japan cancer, medical and then income support. And I realize there has been lot of emphasis on cancer certainly this quarter, but sales there really haven't budged much in fact they are down a little bit. Is that still a product that you think has the potential to be that third stool or any thoughts around that?
Daniel Amos: I’ll answer that I’m disappointed with the sales of the product, but it is a new product it’s not a revised product like when we say okay this is a new cancer. This is new thing that’s never really been out there and what we're seeing is the Shinkin banks are being successful with it. And we think that it will grow from there. What I would say is, I'm still encouraged that there is real potential with it, but it hadn’t taken off yet and I was hoping it would be doing a little bit better. But make no doubt about it when you're constantly introducing new products that are stable product that everyone knows about used to and it's a revised product, the new product like in the case of this one, they lose focus on it our distribution network does. So it becomes a little bit harder, but we still think it has potential is the answer, but I'm disappointed that it isn’t doing a little bit better.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Tom Gallagher of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is David [inaudible] on behalf of Tom. I guess I just wanted to ask a question on this dynamic of the lapse and reissue and just get a sense for the margin or IRR on the new product versus the old. And I know it's sort of was - a bit elevated this quarter at around 30% of the sales, but you mentioned it can be anywhere from 10 to 15 in any given year. So, just wondering how that sort of overall through into results and just the margin in IRR on the new versus old?
Daniel Amos: Both medical and cancer are priced with very similar margins. So while the premium will fluctuate in terms of the nature of the benefits and features of the products, the economic IRR if you will - both the IRR, as well as profit margin is priced in a very similar range. And so this is really less about an economic issue if you will to the company. We’re relatively indifferent. We leave it up to the customer to decide what's in their best interest related to the improved benefits and structure of it. And so we’re not motivated by necessarily economics and I would keep in mind that those economics can really go both ways depending on the age of the policy and the nature of the policy they can both contribute to GAAP profitability in a particular period, they could also take away from GAAP profitability depending on how recent the product was sold and the nature of the product. So we really don't try to model in if you will that type of activity, it's entirely a consumer driven action and what's in their best interest and we remain agnostic to the dynamic.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I guess shifting gears to - Fred you mentioned or you alluded to earlier on just thinking about capital structure and I think we’d mentioned the RBC ratio in the U.S. But also just looking at the leverage ratio that's pretty low under your 20% to 25% guidance range, just thinking I guess how you guys are thinking about that. And then also just capital in Japan and I guess also just an update on the ESR regime and sort of how the FSA in Japan is thinking about maybe updating the SMR towards a more Solvency II like calculation?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, let me try to do a little bit of discussion on this I certainly welcome either Max or Todd also to weigh in with any thoughts, but I'll give you my overview. Let's take it one at a time. In terms of U.S., I think we’ve covered that very well. I think there is opportunity to potentially do more optimization in the U.S. but that's dependent upon really settling into our U.S. only statutory conditions. But again I think there's opportunity there, but bit more marginal as we’re bringing a lot of that excess capital down to our current plans. When you go to Japan, we really are in a very nice capital position. SMR is very strong despite actually some widening of spreads and of course some rising interest rates particularly in the U.S. but also here just over last few days more modest increase in rates in Japan would be [OSHA] activities or comments. And so we remain in a very good SMR position. I think in Japan the issue tends to revolve around what amount of our FSA earnings - first of all what's the trend in FSA earnings. As I mentioned it's improving because of the economic shift in our business and then what amount of those FSA earnings in any given year do we feel comfortable with moving out and into the holding company structure for deployment. And we’ll develop that more in terms of dialogue at FAB. But right now we have a policy of 80% of FSA earnings. We moved back into the U.S., that's under the basic notion that we need to retain 20% of those earnings to support the overall growth rate and in other reinvestment activities in our Japan franchise. But what we found is that, with the runoff of first sector and the run-up in third sector, we continue to produce increasing FSA earnings and can do more with that capital over time. So, we'll discuss more about that, but that's really the optimization issue there. When you then come to the - to answer your question on ESR, ESR - first of all, our ESR, when you incorporate an ultimate forward rate adjustment, it's still running at around north of 225%. And when rates in Japan rise a little bit, that improves from there. I would estimate - is that about right Todd you can weigh in?
Todd Daniels: Yes, that's about right. Current internal models says about 225%.
Frederick Crawford: And the ultimate forward rate - my memory is that may have around 60 point or so impact to that that level. Is that about right?
Todd Daniels: Yes, that's about right.
Frederick Crawford: So, it gives you an idea. But the punch line is with or without a UFR, that's an extraordinarily strong ESR, particularly as it relates to other peer companies in the industry. And that's because we're so dominated by third sector, which is a better dynamic to have under that type of solvency. In terms of where we are with adoption, I believe we're still in field testing, and I think it's still little unclear. But Todd, or anybody in Japan, if you've got any color on that, please provide it?
Todd Daniels: Yes, the FSA kicked off another round of field testing this summer, which will be targeted to complete by the end of the year. And as far as adoption of going to an economic solvency regime, I do believe there's not going to be any movement until around 2025. The FSA is following what the IAIS is doing in their modeling and guidance. So we still have some time with SMR and further development of our SMR framework.
Frederick Crawford: In terms of leverage, yes, we're running low, but remember we got kind of a booster on lowering leverage when we adjusted the deferred tax liability with tax reform, that added around $1.9 billion to our equity capitalization and that really lowered us a bit on leverage. And so, it's not been a proactive de-levering activity on our part. It's been more of the effects of accounting adjustments related to tax reform. Now having said that, our leverage is low and our coverage is very strong, given, we borrow roughly 3.4 billion of our 5 billion in borrowings in yen. So, we have room. I like to be somewhat tactical, if you will, in leverage capacity for opportunities and allows for absorption, should there be any other items, although we don't foresee anything. So, we'll be looking at leverage optimization and what we may do there. I think I put that into the overall holding company, capital structure dynamic. And as we've talked about here now a couple of times, including this quarter, we're looking for ways to optimize our hedge costs in Japan through setting up mere trades at the holding company, and that serves to lower our net exposure to a weakening yen over time. So we think there's some real economic benefits both from an earnings standpoint and risk reduction standpoint to better optimizing or utilizing the FX capital that we have at the holding company. So, that's a bit of a flyby. Max, I don't know if there's anything you want to add from your perspective.
Max Broden: Just to add a little bit of color. So overall our business has a low risk profile, and we have a liability structure that is very stable and low risk as well. So you combine that with a relatively low leverage range that we are operating within, and you quickly realize that we do have significant debt capacity and we could go to a higher leverage level. At the same time, in the post conversion phase that we are in right now, we continue to travel and want to travel with relatively low leverage and high capital. So I will put it this way, that we do have significant debt capacity but it has to be for good return projects. We will not lever up just for the sake of it, but as we find very good projects to invest in, we do have very significant debt capacity.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we don't have any questions on queue. I will turn the call over back to Mr. David Young.
David Young: Thank you all for joining our call this morning. Before we end, I'd like to remind you that we will be hosting a financial analyst briefing in Tokyo, on September 26. And I hope you'll join us there. Any interim, please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations Department for any information or questions you may have, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Young - Aflac, Inc. Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc. Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc. Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd. Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc. Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc. Richard L. Williams Jr. - Aflac, Inc. J. Todd Daniels - Aflac, Inc.
Analysts: Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Erik Bass - Autonomous Research John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP John M. Nadel - UBS Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and answer session. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice-President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac, Incorporated; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice-President and CFO of Aflac, Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice-President, Global Chief Investment Officer, and President of Aflac Global Investments; Rich Williams, whom you may recall joined us in September of last year as Executive Vice-President and Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Senior Vice-President and Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary. You may recall that Al was promoted to this position on April 3 of this year. Joining us from Tokyo are Charles Lake, President of Aflac International and Chairman Representative Director of Aflac Life Insurance Japan; Masatoshi Koide, President, Representative Director, and COO of Aflac Japan; Todd Daniels, Executive Vice-President and Principal Financial Officer of Aflac Life Insurance Japan – you may recall that Todd was promoted to this position on April 3 and now operates out of our Japan office – Koji Ariyoshi, Director, Executive Vice-President, and head of sales and marketing for Aflac Life Insurance Japan. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of aflac.com, and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. Now I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Fred will then follow with comments about our financial outlook and capital management. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, David, and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Although we just have one quarter under our belt, let me begin by saying that the first quarter of 2018 established a solid start for the year. Let me give you more detail, beginning with our Japan operations. Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor, generated strong financial results for the quarter. As we anticipated, third sector sales faced challenging comparisons. You will recall that in February of 2017 we launched our refreshed medical product. Additionally, we communicated our plan to introduce our new cancer insurance product after the conversion of the Japan branch to a subsidiary was complete on April 2. Keep in mind, as the pioneer and leader of cancer insurance sales, when we announce that we will be introducing a new cancer product post-conversion, much of our distribution felt compelled to hold out on the cancer sales until they could sell the new cancer product. The combined effort of launching a product in the first quarter of 2017 and delaying the launch of our new cancer product until April of 2018 made the challenging quarter. Aflac Japan generated sales results that were modestly weaker than our expectations. However, we expect third sector sales to build as the year goes on, and I am confident that we will achieve our sales target as outlined during our outlook call for 2018. In addition, we remain on pace to generate third sector earned premium quote in the 2% to 3% range, reflecting Aflac's stable sales and stable persistency. Regarding distribution, our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success, and we continue to roll out our model sales offices designed to increase productivity. Our alliance partners also made significant contributions to our sales results. Our extensive distribution network that includes Japan's Post – 20,000-plus postal outlets furthered our goal to be where people want to buy insurance. Our focus remains on maintaining our leadership position in the sale of third sector products, along with building the sale of the first sector protection products. Both of these type of products are less interest rate-sensitive and have strong and stable margins. We will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new third sector products to maintain our market leadership. Turning to the U.S. operations, we are pleased with the financial performance and strong profitability of Aflac U.S. in the quarter, which is particularly notable because these results also reflect on our ongoing investment in our platform. Our sales results were in line with our expectations. I anticipated productivity to improve across all distribution teams. We continue to expect full-year sales growth of 3% to 5%, with production performance building as the year goes on. Ultimately we believe our investment in distribution and customer experience objectives will yield strong sales and stable persistency. We expect to generate an earned premium growth outlook in the 2% to 3% for the year. As we discussed in our financial analyst briefing last September, we continue to expect higher growth in the broker sales for our industry. Our team of broker sales professionals has made progress in successfully deepening Aflac's relationships within the large-broker community. Our product partnering initiatives for true group products is still early in its development, but is already starting to take off. As a result, Aflac is seeing a high rate of growth through broker and strong sales growth in our group products. Aflac is different from our peers in that the majority of our sales come from our independent sales agents rather than Brokers. These sales agents are important, and are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with smaller employers and groups with fewer than 100 employees. This segment, which we will continue to focus our attention on. Brokers have recognized more and more that our clients need the type of products Aflac offers. This has increased the appeal and therefore the interest in doing business with Aflac. Brokers are looking for us to assert our strong experience and fulfill the capabilities. Our field force and independent agents are experts who have the ability to work with brokers and broker sales professionals to accelerate growth. We are seeing positive momentum in our ability to meet the needs of brokers through this sales approach. We characterize this collaboration as broker-influenced business, and as we look to the remainder of 2018, we continue to expect sales to skew to the fourth quarter as brokers and broker-influenced sales are a growing part of our business. We also increased our career sales agents' adaptation of the Everwell enrollment platform, which we continue to leverage to enhance our customer enrollment experience. I want to briefly touch on One Day Pay, because I believe it continues to differentiate and re-enforce our strong brand and policyholder trust. More than 90% of the policyholders that have used One Day Pay say they are likely to refer other people to Aflac. I believe our dedication to paying claims fast and fairly will benefit future sales. This is especially true because as independent research shows, that there is no doubt American consumers need cash quickly, and paying claims fast sets Aflac apart. We believe investing in innovative solutions and industry-leading initiatives like One Day Pay will only further distinguish Aflac from the competition. Turning to capital deployment, Fred will provide more details shortly, but first I'd just make the comment that we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our stakeholders. At the same time, we're balancing our financial strength with increasing the dividend, repurchasing the shares, and re-investing in our business. We continue to anticipate that we will repurchase in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion of our shares in 2018. As is always the case, this assumes stable capital position and absence of compelling alternatives. As I mentioned, we recognize that targeted investments in our platform is critical to our growth strategy and driving efficiency that will impact the bottom line for the future. Benefiting from the December U.S. tax reform, we are leveraging the opportunity to accelerate our investment in initiatives that reflect our company's values and objectives. We expect to increase overall investments in the U.S. by approximately $250 million over three to five years. These strategic investments focus on three main categories: continued growth in the company's U.S. operation, enhanced employee benefit and training programs, and investing in technology, innovation, and digital businesses. Looking ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will reflect the underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and the United States. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that balances the interest of all stakeholders. At the same time, it will reflect our dedication to delivering on the promises we make to the policyholders. I'll just conclude by reiterating how excited I am about our company and our future growth, and believe that it will continue. I'll now turn the program over to Fred to cover the financial results. Fred?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Dan. We are off to a very strong start to the year on the earnings front, as results for the quarter exceeded our expectations. For the quarter, and accounting for our recent stock split, adjusted earnings of $1.05 per share benefited from strong pre-tax margins both in Japan and the U.S. Our reported results were also impacted by a strengthening of the yen as compared to the 2017 period, contributing $0.03 per share to the quarter's results. The quarter's effective tax rate of 26% includes the tax treatment of equity compensation under GAAP. When normalized, our effective tax rate of 26.5% came in as expected, and represents a blend of Japan's tax rate of 28%, the U.S. rate of 21%, and based on our current mix of earnings. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter benefited by approximately $0.11 from the 2018 adoption of U.S. corporate tax reform. Japan branch conversion costs in the quarter were $29 million. Through the end of the first quarter we have recorded approximately $71 million in total conversion costs, and expect to come in at the low end of our $120 million to $130 million original estimate. The majority of the remaining costs are expected to be recorded in the second quarter. Turning to our Japan segment results, both our benefit and expense ratios came in favorable to our expectations, resulting in a strong pre-tax profit margin of 21.1%. Our total benefit ratio at the lower end of our guidance range of 70% to 72%, driven by a favorable third sector benefit ratio, which was positively impacted by results in our older cancer in-force block. When comparing the quarter's ratio to last year's results, the reduction was largely driven by the continued shift in business mix from first sector towards third sector, which carries a lower benefit ratio. Our expense ratio in Japan also came in at the lower end of our projected range of 19% to 21%, and is largely timing-related as we anticipate increased promotional spend with the launch of our refreshed cancer product in the second quarter. In addition, we anticipate stepped-up investment in product development, digital, and IT initiatives designed to drive future growth and operating efficiencies. Investment income performance in Japan also contributed to our strong results. The quarter's outperformance was driven by favorable results in our U.S. dollar portfolio. We were opportunistic in accelerating the growth of our floating rate portfolio, and also benefited from higher floating-rate yields relative to our expectations heading into 2018. Turning to the U.S. results, our overall profit margin in the quarter was a strong 21%. Our total benefit ratio came in below our guidance range of 51% to 53%. While generally consistent with recent claims trends and our mix of business, our quarterly results will fluctuate, and we expect benefit ratios for the remainder of the year will climb back within the range. Our expense ratio in the U.S. came in as expected and reflects continued investment in our platform. As Dan noted in his comments, with U.S. tax reform, we announced our intent to invest up to $250 million over the next three to five years in our U.S. business. We have worked to identify specific areas of accelerated investment, and estimate the impact to be approximately $0.03 per share for the remainder of 2018. Before leaving the U.S. segment, it's worth noting we transferred an investment portfolio totaling approximately $615 million in fixed income assets out of our U.S. segment to Aflac, Inc. as part of shifting contingent capital to the holding company. Although it does not impact our consolidated results, this move has the effect of reducing net investment income in the U.S. segment, and a corresponding increase in investment income in our corporate segment. Together with strategic venture investments and other business activity at the holding company post-conversion, we have added line-item disclosures on our Corporate and Other segment in our financial supplement that we hope you'll find helpful. We ended the quarter in a strong capital position. Japan's solvency margin ratio is estimated in the 1,000% range. Recall that as part of our April 2 conversion from a branch to a subsidiary, we expect an accounting-driven decline in SMR. Based on our year-end ratio, we estimate the impact to be approximately 130 points, and have plans in place to restore the SMR accounting impact within a three-year period. Our estimated U.S.-only risk-based capital ratio at the quarter end stands at roughly 870%, and includes a partial adoption of the U.S. tax reform by adjusted deferred tax assets to the new tax rate. It is our understanding the NAIC is still finalizing the precise timing of the full adoption of tax reform, which may move into 2019 and also incorporate proposed C1 changes to asset capital charges. We will monitor and update accordingly, but do not expect any disruption to our U.S. excess capital drawdown plans. We will proceed with the drawdown of $500 million in excess capital along with normal dividends as we move through the remainder of the year. We ended the quarter with over $2 billion of capital and liquidity at the holding company. We set aside $1 billion for contingent capital, and $500 million for liquidity in support of holding company derivative positions. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remain strong, with only a modest level of impairments in the quarter. We continue to seek balance in growth and platform investments while returning excess capital to our shareholders. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned approximately $500 million to our shareholders in the quarter. We are maintaining our current range for repurchase of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in 2018. We repurchased 6.6 million shares of our stock for $296 million in the quarter, and remain tactical in our approach, guided by relative returns on excess capital deployment options. As we move through 2018, we are hard at work to optimize our post-conversion capital and liquidity profile. This includes our plans to draw down U.S. RBC, assessing our approach to managing Japan's build in capital generation, and optimizing holding company contingent capital and liquidity. On the topic of optimization, we are working to refine our approach to protecting the U.S. dollar value of yen-denominated dividends out of our Japan subsidiary, while lowering enterprise-wide costs associated with Japan's U.S. dollar investment hedging. We accomplish this by entering into offsetting hedge positions at the holding company. While not material to our results in the near term, the impact of this activity comes through our Corporate and Other segment in the form of additional income. We are balancing the need to manage our Japan subsidiary capital and FSA earnings volatility while lowering our enterprise exposure to the potential of a weakening yen. Coming off our successful conversion, we will further develop these optimization strategies and provide more detail at our September financial analyst briefing in Japan. In closing, while it's early in the year to be adjusting our outlook, we are off to a solid start in terms of our currency-neutral earnings per share guidance range and overall pre-tax margins in both Japan and the U.S. And I'll hand the call back to David to begin Q&A. David?
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions, but before we begin, let me ask, to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. We will now take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners. You may now ask your question.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. So you mentioned in Japan's third cycle sales, you talked about the rollout of the new cancer product. Can you talk about, at a high level, the reception of the new Day One cancer product, and I guess the month-to-date sales?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: We can't break out monthly sales, but maybe someone in Japan – who would like to take that?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: Hi. [Foreign Language] This is Koide from Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] The new cancer product that we have relaunched has added a new coverage, not only just focusing on the treatment itself, but there are benefits that we have added such as appearance care or palliative care, and these are the things that we try to align with in changing of the diversification of the treatment as well as environmental changes. So we are offering extensive coverage through this product. [Foreign Language] And this also product caters to the needs of a broad range of customers in different ages. [Foreign Language] And not only that, we are offering new plans for brand new customers, but we are also offering a special product or special benefit for existing customers. [Foreign Language] And also, those customers who were not able to take out cancer insurance due to their concerns relating to their health, we now have a rate specifically for those customers so that these customers are able to take out our cancer insurance under a nonstandard rate. [Foreign Language] And we have started to sell this product with these sales points and appealing points with targeted customers, and our sales have been as expected. [Foreign Language] That's all from me.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Thank you for the color.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: I would say that overall, as I look at the numbers, I've been pleased with the rollout of this new product. And as I said in my comments, I do expect us to make our goal for the full year.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Understood. My second question is related to the U.S. dollar-invested assets in Japan, which increased by $3 billion in quarter, and then your hedge ratio is now down to 36% from your target of 40%. I was just wondering what was the driver for the increase in the U.S. dollar-denominated assets in Japan, and then also in terms of the low hedge ratio? Is it just a timing issue, or is there also a little shift in your strategy?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: There's not a shift in our strategy as it relates to what we provided in the way of our outlook call. There will be timing issues related to the development of both the U.S. dollar portfolio and the hedge ratio as we go through the year, but we're still targeting overall a 40% hedge ratio on an increasing U.S. dollar portfolio. I think our projection is to have the U.S. dollar portfolio build to roughly the level of $25 billion to $26 billion, perhaps right in that range. So you're seeing our notional level of hedges right now, for example, at not quite $10 billion, I think, roughly a little better than $9.5 billion. And that will build up to more the $10.5 billion range, so that's why you're seeing our hedge costs are slightly lower than the run rate expectation, which is similar to last year's hedge cost range of roughly $240 million to $250 million-type range. So the build in the U.S. dollar portfolio is really what I mentioned in my comments, and that is, we accelerated – we were able to opportunistically accelerate investment in particularly floating rate assets, and even more specifically transitional real estate. This was somewhat related to the announcement related to NXT where we purchased an outright portfolio to accelerate the build. But more pronounced than that was simply seeing a lot of good opportunities come our way to invest more proactively. So we jumped out of the gate with a little higher investment in floating rate, which is a U.S. dollar initiative, and so the build in U.S. dollar. And you'll see the hedge ratio catch up a little bit as we go through the year.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: So basically, so right now the U.S. dollar program, the U.S. dollar investment asset – the investment program, is around $27 billion. So it's a little bit above your $25 billion to $26 billion. And so you're just going to let it sit there to let your overall general cap grow to that level?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah. We jumped out a little early to build the U.S. dollar portfolio because of the opportunity, but we would expect to stay in that range.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore. You may now ask your question.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Fred, I want to ask you about the optimization program you were referencing. I'm not asking you to front-run your – what you're planning on talking about in September, but can you just give at least a broad idea for what you're approaching with this? Like is this more about risk management, or is there a potential carrot (27:28) at the end here, whether it's capital or whether it's better cashflow or earnings? What is the potential, or can you dimension this a little bit?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah. I will definitely look to dimension this and provide greater detail as we move towards September. And that's really consistent with a lot of the work streams we have going on, Tom. But at a high level, I'd characterize the approach as follows. We have purposely built up a fairly good amount of excess capital in the system. And that's because we're going through a year of transformation in terms of the conversion of the Japan branch to a subsidiary. And so they really fall into three categories. Category one you know a lot about, and that is the drawdown of excess capital, and actually the geographic movement of excess capital out of our U.S. platform. That's well underway. We started into that last year materially, and we continue through this year and next year. And that's the drawdown of RBC. Now a question I often get is, can we bring that down below our targeted 500%? And I think that's possible to do. But I think it's very sound for us to first settle into our structure, start producing statutory statements on a U.S.-only basis, make sure we have a handle on full assessment around not only our performance on a U.S.-only statutory basis, but also we've got to watch the moving target of the NAIC and how they're playing around with both tax reform and C1 charges. I don't expect that to be disruptive to our plan. In fact, I think we may find as much opportunity as we do anything else, once all that settles in, just by nature of our business model. But the question becomes, can I bring or further optimize U.S.? Second big area is SMR in Japan. We've done a lot of work to calm down the potential volatility of SMR in Japan, and we've also done some work over optimizing the trade-off of hedge costs and hedge ratio, and absorbing a certain amount of capital and increased volatility. And as we've dialed that in, we're starting to look more carefully at the quality of our increasing FSA earnings or the capital generation, which has been increasing in recent years, and we expect that to continue; and then how we dial in a more normalized SMR ratio, given the risk profile of our business. This is by the way a much easier conversation to have with both a regulator and a rating agency when you're a subsidiary status and not a branch status. And so we're going to come off of this conversion and really sit down and go through those mechanics. And then last but not least is the holding company. As I mentioned, we're carrying a bit north of $2 billion at the holding company, but have sort of a standby level of capital of $1.5 billion, both contingent capital and liquidity. The issue is if we're carrying upwards of $500-plus million of additional available capital at the holding company, how best do we utilize that? How do we best put that to work for our shareholders, and how confident are we that we can put it to work and not run any risk. So those are the three big categories of where we're holding capital. And as we've said all along, the key element to opening up the door for this was completing the conversion of the Japan branch to subsidiary. That now opens us up to be much more efficient in optimizing our game plan.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: That's interesting. I appreciate the thoroughness there. I guess my one follow-up is, you also mentioned a 130-point negative impact from the conversion from the branch to a sub, and a plan to restore that SMR back to I guess 1,000%. That would seem to be at odds a bit with being able to be more efficient with capital, if you're going to have to restore SMR percentage. Unless there's a, more of a financial engineering mechanism to get you there? Can you comment on that?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah. It's very important to understand what that 130 points is. That is a, I used the terminology, that is an accounting-driven reduction in our SMR. And what I mean by that, you'd have to reflect back on some of the early days of our announcing the conversion. When we convert from branch to subsidiary, we effectively transfer retained earnings into other capital accounts. And that is just an accounting, an FSA accounting dynamic. And when you do that, you lose the tax gross-up impact to SMR from moving out of retained earnings. As we go forward, our intent is to pay dividends out of those capital accounts. Therefore, as we earn money or bring retained earnings to the table, we build more quickly back up that retained earnings to the levels prior to conversion, and with that comes the tax gross-up benefits. So that's what I mean by the restoration of just that accounting drag. And it's important just to note that that was not some sort of economic loss of capital. It's simply an accounting issue, and we have plans in place to restore it.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi. You may now ask your question.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thanks. Wanted to get back to Japan and the new cancer product. Can you give us a sense of what you think the ramp would look like in terms of distribution channels? In other words, at what point do you think you'll have that new product in Japan Post, Dai-ichi, and your other channels that you distribute through?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Koji, would you take that?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: This is Koide again. The new cancer product is offered through all our channels, including Dai-ichi Life and Japan Post. And that's it for me.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: In other words, is it – it's currently being offered through all the channels, or there's not like a ramp-up in terms of particularly the Japan Post branches?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: And as I mentioned, the new product that we've launched in April is already being sold through all our channels.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: But there is, in all cases – when we deal these affiliated partners that we have, we don't have the control that we have with our field force. So your question dealing with how excited they are about it is something that we have to work toward getting them to do. But we do expect it to pick up in the second half of the year. Not so much the second quarter, because it still – they have actually put it out to the people, but when you're dealing with associates that have sold another way or another product, it just takes a little time. So from that standpoint, I don't want you to think that all of a sudden it's just going to take off. It'll be more the second half than the first half.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then, I guess for Fred, in terms of how we account for the new sales, to the extent that you sell to an existing customer, let's say an existing customer upgrades the product, what get reflected in the new annualized premium? Is it just sort of the incremental premium? Or is it the full sale, and then there's maybe an offset in the persistency?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: It depends on the nature of it. If there's just an existing client that simply enhances their current cancer product, it ends up just being incremental AP and the associated earned premium. If there's a situation where there has been essentially a replacement of the policy, in other words, a lapsation of the policy and replacing it with a brand new whole policy – sometimes characterized as a conditional surrender – then that gets counted as a new sale. But it really depends on the situation. And I believe we've designed the product, the new cancer product, to encourage more of that upgrading of your existing policy, because that, ultimately, we think plays better over long-term economic value.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMC (sic) (JPMorgan Securities LLC) You may now ask your question.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. So I had a question on Japan sales. And I understand the weakness in cancer was sort of expected, given the product that you launched in April. What was surprising was the weak sales in the medical product. And I think even if you look at it on an absolute basis, they were the lowest that they've been in the past several years. So just comments on what drove that, whether it's competition-related or it's just that's the product that you launched last year sort of needs to be refreshed again?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: [foreign language] Again, this is Koide from Japan. [foreign language] We had a tough first quarter this year in 2018 because we had a very large sales last year in the first quarter in 2017, because we launched a new medical product. [foreign language] And then in the first quarter 2016, we launched a sub-standard medical product. [foreign language] And so even comparing against the first quarter 2016, we had a tough comparison in the first quarter 2018. [foreign language] That's it for me.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just on – and I was more referring, not to the growth as opposed to just the absolute level of the sales, but I guess I could take it offline. On the U.S. business, the sales were weak, but it doesn't seem like there was much of an impact on your business, because of all the publicity and the negative articles and press earlier this year. Is that your view as well, or have you seen impact, whether on sales, or recruiting, or a persistency of the business?
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: Jimmy, this is Teresa and I think "no" is the answer. We have not seen any impact at this point. Our sales for the first quarter met – they were in line with our expectations, so again, as Dan said, our full year remains the same, the full year plan.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi, thank you. I had a question for Fred on the 2Q guidance, the midpoint of which seems to suggest a lower level than I would've thought, especially given the results of this quarter. Is this just being conservative in terms of assuming higher claims and normalization in margins? Or are there other moving pieces in terms of expenses or seasonal items that we should be thinking about?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Well, what I would say is in my closing remarks, I noted that we're off to a strong start relative to our currency-neutral EPS range. And we're also off to, obviously, a very strong start to pre-tax margins, both in Japan and in the U.S. Our guidance for example for Japan, pre-tax margins, is 19% to 21%, and we're right just a tick above 21%, the high end. And of course in the U.S., we're actually traveling above our pre-tax margin guidance of 18% to 20%, coming in at 21%. When you look at Japan, what I would expect is that the expense ratio will start to catch up more to the midpoint of our estimate, more in that 20% range, as we go through the year. As I mentioned, we have a little bit of a delay, if you will, in some of the spend because of the promotional spend being more aligned with our cancer product launch. Benefit ratios came in at the strong end of the range at 70.3% in Japan. And there is some mix dynamic in that, first sector and third sector, but we continue to see strong trends and results, particularly in the cancer block of business in Japan, and that seems to be contributing to pushing us to the low end of the range. And could that continue? Yes, it could continue, of course. But benefit ratios can be volatile. And it's early in the year. On the U.S. side, obviously we're seeing a tick up in the expense ratio, which you would expect because we're proactively investing in the platform. You noted I mentioned incremental investment in the U.S., which will push us up towards the 35.5% to 36% range as we go through the rest of the year, so the upper end of that expense ratio range, but we continue to enjoy extremely strong benefit ratios. There is some volatility that does come into play in any particular quarter in the benefit ratio. But still underpinning that ratio, in terms of being at the low end of the range, for example, is good solid trends in that performance. We did see a little bit of volatility in our cancer block in the U.S. We had lapsation among older age cancer policies where you would have a disproportionate release of reserves. We estimate that that may have contributed something in the neighborhood of 50 basis points or so to the positive results. It's very – from our standpoint, we would not naturally expect that type of dynamic to persist as we go through the year, but that certainly helped out the quarter. But still, even after adjusting for that, it's a very, very strong start. So it's too early in the year for us to be adjusting a guidance across the board, that wouldn't be prudent. But as I said, we're off to a strong start on margins and EPS.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Thank you, that's helpful. And then, given your increased exposure to floating rate securities, can you talk about the sensitivity of your investment income to changes in LIBOR? And should we expect any material benefit from higher rates, or will it largely be offset by higher hedging costs?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: We have Eric on the phone from New York to talk about that. But that is where the growth in the U.S. portfolio is coming from, on the floating rate side, and then even though you are then exposed to any sort of new hedge instruments, it will tend to be aligned with higher yields as LIBOR rates rise. And you might note that we're 80% – we've talked about being 80% locked in in our hedge costs for 2018. The 20% that remains exposed has a lot to do with the build of the floating rate, and the natural roll of floating rate instruments. So yeah, you experience higher hedge costs when you do that, but it's offset, we believe, by higher LIBOR yields, and we're actually seeing that. Eric, I might invite you into the conversation. The other thing I would say is, earlier on in the Q&A, Humphrey Lee asked some questions surrounding our U.S. dollar portfolio size and hedge ratio. And Eric, I would just invite you that if you want to comment on this, and then any comments on that portfolio, please feel free to do.
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Sure thing. Thank you, Fred. And Erik, that's an excellent question, because obviously LIBOR's been getting a lot of attention. And Fred has answered it accurately from a conceptual standpoint. Even with the rise in LIBOR, the strategy we set up was designed so that the asset side and the liability side would sort of be neutralized from any increases or decreases in LIBOR since the income's going up and the hedge costs conceptually go up. However, I would note LIBOR's gone up more than expected this year, and actually we'll get a net benefit from that, and that's primarily because generally speaking on the floating rate assets, which are one-month or three-month LIBOR, we generally want to match the hedges. But going into the year, we did do a tactical move where we, what we call termed out our floating-rate hedges by buying nine- and ten-month hedges, because we did have a belief, which I don't think anybody would argue with, that hedge costs and LIBOR were going to increase during the year. So in essence, for the majority, not all, of our floating rate assets, we locked in 2018 hedge costs back in November and December. So even though LIBOR is higher today than the forward curves would've suggested, our hedge costs will be minimally impacted by that. On the other hand, our floating rate assets, which we also projected in our income projection to go up, because LIBOR is higher than we all expected, the income side will get a little bit of a kick, if you will, and get an income benefit. So that's a tactical adjustment on the hedging strategy which we believe is within the confines of our overall strategy, which we may do from time to time. But even if we hadn't done that, while our hedge costs might have inched up, again, as I just said, the income went up anyway, so the net would've been neutral to perhaps slightly positive on a net income basis. And that's part of the beauty and the design of that strategy. Relative to the earlier comments from Humphrey, Humphrey, you were ticking off the correct numbers from our FAB supplement, but just when we're looking at the dollar program, we are looking at it in Japan terms, if you will, since it sits on the Japan balance sheet. So you're looking at converted numbers at the current exchange rate. But a bit more accurate, the dollar program is at about $25 billion and the hedge ratio is at about 40% on an economic basis at March 31.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from John Barnidge of Sandler O'Neill. You may now ask your question.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you. My question is about U.S. sales. Short-term disability sales have now declined for two consecutive quarters for the first time since the beginning of 2014. Can you talk about the decline there, and maybe what's causing that and expectations for the sale of that product going forward?
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: So this is Teresa. I'll just start out by saying in 2017 we had increases in short-term disability sales, specifically because of an enhancement that we made to that product, that individual product. So you're seeing the benefit of that in 2017. But then what you're seeing in 2018 first quarter is you're seeing a stronger broker sale, which really is muting some of the sales that you're seeing on short-term disability. So we don't see any major concerns with short-term disability, but I'll switch it over to Rich, who might have additional comments that he might want to make.
Richard L. Williams Jr. - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah. And, Teresa, first of all, I agree, and you mentioned 2017 compared to 2018. I would also note that as our broker sales continue to increase, as Dan mentioned in his comments, we're seeing significant acceleration in group product sales. So it's a little bit of just the broker firm (47:58) sales driving more group product sales, having a little bit of effect, but the absolute dollar amount of individual STD sales, very much in line with prior periods.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Then my follow-up is also on the U.S. One Day Pay is clearly a great value-add for your U.S. products. Do you have any ability to maybe quantify by how many basis points this has led to an improvement in the benefit ratio since it was introduced? Because the quicker you close claims, the less the claim probably is over the long run? Thank you.
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: I'll say this. One Day Pay, do I have something that quantifies that? It's more anecdotal, in that what we're hearing from our sales force, what we hear from surveys, from our consumers, our policy holders, is that One Day Pay is a differentiator for Aflac. So I don't have any quantitative, except for research that we've done that has been third-party research.
Richard L. Williams Jr. - Aflac, Inc.: And we don't really see any material differences in what I would call the profit patterns and behavior of a One Day Pay scenario and any non-qualified One Day Pay claims process. So we're not seeing anything relevant to those margins. It's really what Teresa is saying. It's about penetration and customer experience.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Great. Thank you for your answers.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from John Nadel of UBS. You may now ask your question.
John M. Nadel - UBS: Hi. Excuse me. Good morning, everybody. Fred, just a follow-up question on the investment spending in the U.S. I think it's expected to be about $250 million over the next three to five years. I think you mentioned – you mentioned an additional $0.03 of spend for the remainder of this year. Is that – should we be correlating that to this year's portion of the $250 million?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: It's not going to work that elegantly. And what I mean by that is, when we talk about our U.S. platform, realize that you're talking about not just U.S. the segment in insurance, but also corporate-related activities, such as our efforts to build out our venture investments and digital initiatives. Much of that investment actually takes place at the Corporate and Other, at the holding company level, and not necessarily down in the insurance company. And so you have to sort of be mindful of that. It's really about jump-starting and driving and accelerating growth in the U.S. overall. What I would say in terms of characterizing the spend, though, is a couple things. One is, a lot of what we're talking about here is an acceleration of investment, and not just some sort of new run-rate level of spend. Tax reform gives us an opportunity to deploy cash flow in a way to accelerate our efforts, which we think is beneficial. And some of the areas of that $0.03 a share that I mentioned, for example, include things like training and development, which – training and development I know doesn't necessarily give you specifics, but one of the orientation around this is really helping a workforce essentially get, embrace change management and move towards a more automated environment, which is very, very critical in the workforce today. As we look to do automation, we need a workforce that really is able to fold into that new automation. We're also spending money to jump-start the productivity of our organic distribution model in the U.S., while at the same time investing in technology that we think will develop expanded distribution opportunity, and so we've pinpointed some of those investments and accelerated it into the current period. And then Teresa's talked about technology roadmap. We've got a long-term roadmap of improving and building out our technology, or modernizing our technology. And we've gone into that roadmap and specifically plucked out areas of it that drive growth to accelerate that spend. So the screen we've put on the $250 million is a real simple screen. Dan and I have talked about this, and we have one major gating issue, and that is, we want all of that spend to be hardwired towards growth. That's the reason we're accelerating the spend, and that involves all categories of investing in our people, investing in distribution, investing in technology, but it better be hardwired to a growth initiative in order to green-light the spend. So that's the way I would characterize the investment.
John M. Nadel - UBS: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I guess my second question is about sort of the distribution side in the U.S., and I think you guys have characterized, particularly last year, a four-pronged approach, sort of veteran agent productivity, conversion rate of new agents to veterans, and a couple of other components. I guess Teresa, the question for you is, as you look at those four contributing factors, and I think each one of them was a positive contributor – the sales growth in 2017, early in 2018, how do you feel about those four items?
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: I'm going to pitch that to Rich and allow him to speak a little bit on that topic.
Richard L. Williams Jr. - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Teresa. I think the answer is pretty much consistent. First of all, each of those four areas that you mentioned, we continue to see favorable progress and we're executing there. And, as Dan mentioned early on, our results for the first quarter were in line with expectations, and we plan to see continued acceleration throughout the rest of the year.
John M. Nadel - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. You may now ask your question.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. I had a couple questions on Japan. The first is, I think it was mentioned that some of the new sales were related to, I guess, replacements of sort of older policies. And just in light of the comments that suggested that third-sector benefit ratios this quarter benefited in particular from older policies, can you help us think about how quickly some of those older policies are rolling off, if sort of that new sales trend would accelerate that at all, and what the implications could be for sort of the trends for benefit ratios?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Cancer business in general, in fact all of our business in Japan, has very high persistency. And so that tends to be fairly consistent. Realize, by the way, that cancer in Japan is age-banded, so it's not just sort of automatically the case that if you have an old cancer product, you just upgrade, because of course you are presumably much older and you're going to be priced differently. And so it's got to take a very unique dynamic for that to be somehow attractive to you as a consumer, and have the right value proposition. Really what we're seeing in cancer, quite candidly, is a continuation of what we've been seeing for a while, and that is a lot more outpatient treatment, which means a lot less days in the hospital. So outpatient trends. We're seeing continued advancements in cancer treatment really play two roles. One is, it requires us to upgrade our cancer product periodically, so as mentioned earlier, some of the major reasons you upgrade a cancer product every three to four years is because of the technology and treatment advancements and now being able to cover those treatments for the consumer. But those same advancements in early detection and treatment are also working to calm down the claims pace activity, particularly on older blocks. So we're just simply seeing a continuation of what we've been experiencing, and it's obviously helping out our results.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Any questions from anybody from Japan?
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So yeah, I had one more question. Just on the WAYS product and the selection customers are making, I mean I noticed a little bit of shift in policyholder benefits, sort of from incurred claims – or to incurred claims from increase in policyholder benefits. Could you just talk about like the trends in the selections the customers are making, and any impact that that would have on either FSA earnings or just benefit ratios in the segment?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: We have Todd on the phone and, Todd, you may want to answer that question. I think you've got a couple different questions embedded in there. Do you want to give a shot at it?
J. Todd Daniels - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, I'll go ahead, Fred. I think what you're seeing with the WAYS product is two different buckets of money, I'll call it. So you've got your policyholder reserve that's being released when policyholders actually take their cash surrender value, and we're seeing that pretty consistently when these policies become paid-up. And you also have an annuity settlement option that has the same effect of reducing your NBR and moving the reserve, I'll call it, up to an incurred claims line. And every time we pay an annuity payment, a claim is paid out of that reserve. So that's the geography. The overall impact of the benefit ratio on a GAAP basis is negligible, because the money is staying in the system. It's still in the benefits line, and overall. From an SSA perspective, it's a similar dynamic. You don't see an impact of those products going straight to the bottom line when they lapse.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now hand the call back to Mr. David Young. Sir, you may proceed.
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today for our first quarter call. Before we end I'd like to remind everyone about our financial analyst briefing to be held in Tokyo on September 26. We will be sending out communications with more details in the coming months. We hope you'll consider joining us there in September. And please feel free to contact our Investor and Ratings Agency Relations Department with any questions you may have. We look forward to seeing and speaking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Young – Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Teresa White – President-Aflac U.S. Masatoshi Koide – President and Chief Operating Officer Fred Crawford – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan Tom Gallagher – Evercore Alex Scott – Goldman Sachs Erik Bass – Autonomous Research John Barnidge – Sandler O’Neill Ryan Krueger – KBW Sean Dargan – Wells Fargo Securities Suneet Kamath – Citi
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
David Young: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer and President of Aflac Global Investments; Todd Daniels, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary. Joining us from Tokyo are Charles Lake, President of Aflac International and Chairman of Aflac Japan; Masatoshi Koide, President and COO of Aflac Japan and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they’re prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the investors’ page of aflac.com and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. Now I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then Teresa will give an update on the U.S. followed by Koide-san who will cover Aflac Japan operations. Fred will follow with comments about our 2018 financial outlook and capital management. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me kick the morning of by saying 2017 was another great year for Aflac. One competitive advantage we held for more than six decades is our straight product focus on voluntary insurance in the United States. And third sector products in Japan. That focused success apart from every other competitor and it has been a major contributor our success. I believe, we will continue to drive our leading position as we look ahead. I’m especially pleased that our 2017 operating earnings per share growth before currency came in at the high end of the upwardly revised guidance. I think this is especially noteworthy given our disciplined approach to investments in the United States and Japan platforms where the goal of driving future growth and operating effectiveness. On the subject of investing in our business, we are pleased that the U.S. Tax Reform enacted in December of 2017 allowed us to increase and accelerate our investments in initiatives that reflect our company’s values and objectives. As we communicated, we expect to increase the overall investments in the U.S. by approximately $250 million over the next three to five years. These strategic investments target continued growth in the Company’s U.S. operation, investing in technology and digital businesses, training programs and expanding employee benefits. These expanded employee benefits, which include both an enhanced 401(K) matching program and additional company paid out like policies underscore our company’s culture and the very nature of what we do as business, help protect persons financial wealth and well-being. You will hear from Teresa and Koide-san today in greater detail about the two operating segments, Aflac U.S. and Aflac Japan. But let me make a few brief comments on our sales performance in both segments. Our U.S. sales results came in at the top end of the three to five long terms guidance that we’ve given. Sales were fueled by solid performance both in our traditional channel and our broker platform that we’re building on. Performance was strong across the majority of the sales territories and we are on track to drive similar results in 2018 with the increase building as the year goes on. In Japan, we ended the year just above 4% growth in the third sector, coming off a very challenging 2016 comparison. As I mentioned during the outlook call, we expect third sector sales to be down in the first half of the year. This is especially true for the first quarter, recognizing that we introduced our refreshed core medical product in the first quarter of 2017, driving our sales increase up 7.6%. As we prepare for Japan’s conversion and delayed product introductions until the second quarter, we believe the third sector sales could be down in the high single digits in the first quarter of the year. However, we expect a strong recovery in sales as the year proceeds consistent with our December outlook call guidance. I’ll just take a moment to reiterate that the conversion of Aflac Japan to a subsidiary is on track to take place as early as April 2, 2018, the first business day of fiscal year for Japan. Overall, I’m pleased with the results for 2017. I’m so proud of the hard work and accomplishments of our management team, our employees and distribution in Japan and the United States as they work hard every day to help protect our policyholders. I believe our business segments are well positioned to achieve the performance goals communicated on our December outlook call. Turning to capital management and deployment. Fred will provide more details shortly, but I’d like to touch on the dividend announcement. I know the importance you place on capital deployment and financial soundness. We have been and will continue to be very disciplined in evaluating capital deployment, within a sound risk framework. We view our primary capital deployment options as dividend, share repurchase and enhancing organic growth. It goes without saying that we treasure our 35-year of dividend growth. I’m pleased that the Board decided to increase the dividends by more than 15% effective the first quarter of 2018. This after our traditional increase in the fourth quarter. While the Board reserves the right to look at the dividend on a quarterly basis, we plan to shift to the dividend increase to the first quarter of our review cycle. While cash reforms drives an increase level of earnings in cash flow, our dividend reset primarily driven by the overall capital position outlook for stable earnings growth and the balance approach to returning capital back to shareholders. In fact, this is not the first time we’ve had significant increases in the dividend. As recently as 2006, 2008, and again in 2011, we announced double-digit increases in our new quarterly dividend, in each case driven by financial strength in our business. We will continue to strive that right balance of investing in growth and repurchasing stock and continuing our long record of dividend growth. Before I hand it over to Teresa, I want to take a moment to reiterate that when the false allegations were made recently by a very small groups of independent contractors in the United States, we were responded in a very transparent manner that represents our way of doing business. We posted over 70 page full report from a special litigation committee of our board, consisting entirely of independent directors and we committed to conducting all our operations in the same transparent manner. I also want to take a moment to say that we have a robust internal audit function and our compliance function reports to the office of the General Counsel with direct regular communications to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Long ago, we created a special investigation unit, an anonymous ethics hotline available to all stakeholders and manned by independent third-party service. We take all of this very seriously. When appropriate, we bring an outside independent support to investigate the incidences of compliance we receive, regardless of where they may come from or their motivation. We take swift, corrective action when needed and we look forward to fighting any false statements made about the company to the fullest extent in the court of law. That said, I want you to know that our intention, our attention remains on executing our strategy for delivering value to our policyholders and our shareholders and we are confident that we will achieve our objectives as discussed on our December outlook call. So with that, I’ll turn the program over to Teresa, who will provide you an update on Aflac U.S. Teresa?
Teresa White: Thank you, Dan. I’m pleased with Aflac U.S. sales results both for the quarter and the year. Not only were Aflac U.S. sales for 2017 up, but we also generated the best year of new annualized premium sales since 2007. We also had the best fourth quarter in company history. On top of that, I’m pleased with the strong overall growth of the broker distribution and the improved growth in our career sales distribution. Coming off 2016, I talked about improving sales in four areas in 2017; career agent sales, more specifically veteran engagement, new associate conversion to producers, the middle market broker sales and then Public Sector. From a career agent standpoint, we saw improvement in productivity from both veteran and new agents for the year and both groups outperformed the prior year and our expectation. Our success with veteran agents benefited from our investments in tools and solutions to better equip them to service their customers. Our success with new agents meant working to cultivate more productive Aflac sales associates who stay with Aflac longer. I continue to believe that small case market is a growing opportunity for Aflac because our career agents are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with these smaller employers. Broker sales as a whole, continues to represent the growing amount of new sales for Aflac. We increase the amount of our broker sales professionals and onboard them with the expectation of seeing positive results in the second half of the year. While our total broker sales outpaced to the market projections, we still see opportunities for improvement, particularly in the mid-case market, which will be an area of continued focus for us in 2018. Along with the better market coverage, we are also seeing the benefit of technology investments and enhanced value with our large broker clients. Finally, in the Public Sector, we continue to build out strategies, including customized tools and services for that market, which led to an increase in Public Sector new annualized premium for 2017. These initiatives and along with our focus on executing our strategy generated a 7.6% increase in sales for the quarter and 4.7% increase in sales for 2017. Needless to say, I’m proud and pleased with the efforts of the Aflac U.S. operations. In 2018, we anticipate new annualized premium growth in the range of 3% to 5%, resulting in a 2% to 3% growth in earned premium. We will continue to focus on growth, efficiency and customer experience. Our platform investments like Everwell and One Day Pay are already paying off in terms of customer experience. From our simple product enrollment process to our strong compliance culture and expedited claims process and every step in between, we are focused on enhancing the ways we deliver on the promise to our policyholders. We want to their experience to be easy. In fact, in an independent – recent independent survey from The Bantam Group, we found that 97% of those enrolled in electronically with Aflac, said that process was easy and 94% of claimants say that their claims were processed or paid quickly. We believe these results differentiate and reinforce our strong brand and policyholder’s trust. We’re committed to meeting or exceeding our policyholders expectations at every touch point. Now let me turn the call over to Koide-san.
Masatoshi Koide: Thank you, Teresa. I will now provide highlights from Aflac Japan’s operations, which had a profitable year in terms of pretax earnings. From a product standpoint, let me start with the statistics. I’m very happy with Aflac Japan’s strong annual third sector sales increase of 4.1% and especially, with our 2.3% year-over-year earned premium growth. This growth was driven by strong medical sales, particularly from the release of our device medical insurance products in February 2017. We anticipate that third sector earned premium will continue its steady growth in the 2% to 3% range, reflecting Aflac Japan’s stable sales performance. Cancer insurance sales were essentially flat for the year. This was primarily due to the traditional advanced sales channels focusing on sales of our revised medical insurance product. We saw strong cancer insurance result in our other alliance channels, including Japan Post. I believe we will be able to maintain our sales momentum for third sector as a whole by steadily implementing our product and marketing strategy across our distribution channels. Looking at the third sector as a whole, we have taken our third sector business from the mid-$60 billion range in 2012 to approximately $87 billion today, and that’s good business. Life reinsurance providers indicate that they see growing opportunities within the third sector, but Aflac Japan remains the hands-down leader with continued growth in new and in-force annualized premium. We have seen growth, particularly at 20,000 post offices that offer Aflac’s products. Our nationwide model sales office initiative is almost complete. The initiative is aimed at enhancing sales agent productivity and further strengthening selective high market potential agencies. While not expecting to impact the sales in 2018, we will be actively investing in alternative distribution opportunities for future growth. To touch on first sector products, as you know, Aflac Japan has substantially reduced sales of same type first sector products with our aggressive repricing of interest-sensitive products. Total first sector sales, including interest-sensitive products such as WAYS and self-enrollment were down 59.4% in the quarter, reflecting our actions to limit the sales of those products. At the same time, we will continue to offer protection-type first sector products to provide our exclusive agency channel with a comprehensive product portfolio to continue growth setting with third sector products. Looking ahead to 2018, sales of third sector products face challenging comparisons, especially in the early part of the year due to the conversion of the Japan branch. However, we expect to see improvements in the second half of 2018 following the completion of the conversion. And with the help of our third sector product launch, we are planning upon conversion. Finally, regarding the Japan branch conversion to a subsidiary. As Dan mentioned, we are proceeding on schedule, and I believe we’ll be able to transfer business as planned on the first business day of Japan’s fiscal year 2018. In closing, I’m pleased to say that our initiatives and investments to enhance our operational initiatives are proceeding as planned. I’m also excited about 2018, and confident that Aflac is implementing the nimble, robust product and distribution strategy needed to continue leading the third sector insurance market in Japan. Now let me turn it over to Fred.
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Koide-san. As Dan noted in his comments, we’re very pleased with our overall financial performance in 2017. Earnings results for both the quarter and the full year exceeded our expectations. For the quarter, operating earnings per share of $1.60 benefited from stronger-than-expected pretax margins both in Japan and in the U.S. Our reported results were impacted by a modest weakening of the yen as compared to 2016, negatively impacting the quarter by $0.03 a share. Operating earnings per share in a currency neutral basis for the full year came in at $6.91 per share, up 6.3% and at the high end of the increased guidance range communicated on our third quarter call. Japan branch conversion costs in the quarter and for the full year were $18 million and $42 million, respectively. We expect to come in at the lower end of our $120 million to $130 million original estimate with the bulk of the remaining costs expected in the first half of 2018. Turning to our Japan segment results, Japan’s benefit ratio, expense ratio and pretax margins were all in line with recent results and our outlook call guidance. We completed our actuarial testing work in Japan during the quarter with no material adjustments to reserves. We did reduce our cancer and medical claim reserve by approximately ¥3 billion, generally in line with similar adjustments in recent years and driven by continued strong underlying claim strengths. Investment performance in Japan contributed to our strong results in the quarter with outperformance driven by higher yields on yen investments and lower hedge costs driving favorable dollar program income. The U.S. dollar hedge cost in the quarter was $60 million with full year cost of $228 million, below our original forecast for the year. As discussed on our December outlook call, we have increased our unhedged U.S. dollar position based on a review of the stressed economic surplus in Japan, thus reducing our notional forward position and associated costs. Our approach to sizing the capacity for unhedged dollar investments seeks to balance the potential long-term currency exposure to the value of our Japan franchise under a weakening yen scenario and prudent management of regulatory capital and earnings volatility that comes with holding unhedged dollar assets. Our tolerance for unhedged dollar portfolio is first and foremost, guided by the objective to secure the financial strength of Aflac Japan and the funding of yen’s liabilities. Monday, we announced to follow on $75 million equity investment in NXT, a recognized leader in middle market lending, further strengthening a partnership we began about a year ago. In connection with our strategic investment, we are committed to fund over time a $2 billion portfolio of floating-rate first mortgage loans for institutional quality middle market commercial properties throughout the U.S. To initiate that allocation, we will be purchasing from NXT a portfolio of these loans totaling approximately $1.1 billion. This move accelerates the build of our U.S. dollar floating-rate portfolio in Japan and gives us a strong start to building investment income in 2018. Turning to U.S. results, our benefit ratio was in line with our guidance and our expense ratio, while elevated in the quarter, came in favorable as compared to the 2016 quarter. This is somewhat consistent with past years and reflects progress on certain strategic initiatives throughout 2017. Overall, our profit margin in the quarter improved over last year driven by revenue growth of 2% on a relatively flat expenses. With the signing into law of Tax Reform, we announced our intend to invest up to $250 million over the next three to five years in our U.S. platform. As Dan noted in his comments, this commitment includes investments in our employees, philanthropic efforts and growth initiatives. U.S. expense ratios are expected to run modestly above the midpoint of our 34% to 36% outlook call guidance. Importantly, the pace and nature of additional growth investments have not been finalized and therefore, are not incorporated into our guidance for 2018. In terms of capital, we ended the year in a strong position. Japan solvency margin ratio is estimated in the 1000% range, recognizing we have allocated an additional ¥60 billion of capital to support our increased unhedged dollar position. Our U.S. only risk-based capital ratio prior to the impact of tax reform stands at the mid-800% range. We expect a 15% reduction in our ratio or approximately 120 percentage points as a result of tax reform. We will recover this negative impact over a period of three to five years through additional statutory income, assuming that income is fully retained. We do not expect any disruption to our U.S. excess capital drawdown plans as outlined at our 2017 financial analyst briefing. We ended the year with over $2 billion of liquidity at the holding company, setting aside $1 billion as contingent capital. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remain strong with only a modest level of impairments in the quarter. I’m pleased to say, we continue to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned approximately $2 billion to our shareholders in 2017. As Dan highlighted in his comments, we have reset our common stock dividend with an increase of 15.6%. The Aflac board approved this move reflecting on our recent performance, current payout ratio and stability of earnings and cash flow as we look forward. The increase also takes into account the optimal allocation of annual excess capital generation. We have taken a balanced approach with a desire to sustain our 35-year track record of increases and recognizing both our earnings and cash flows are influenced over time by yen/dollar currency movement. We are maintaining our current range for repurchase of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion in 2018. We remain tactical within the range guided by relative returns and options for our use of excess capital. Before handing the call back to David for Q&A, I’ll comment briefly on the impact of U.S. Tax Reform on our financials. In the quarter, we reduced our deferred tax liability, or DTL, by $1.7 billion. Our DTL was primarily driven by the tax treatment of Japan reserves, Japan deferred acquisition costs and the impact of unrealized investment gains. The result is lower current-period cash taxes and the build of an associated GAAP deferred tax liability. Given the non-recurring and non-cash nature of the adjustment, we pulled this income item out of our definition of operating earnings. The $1.7 billion represents a best estimate of remeasuring the net liability when applying our new estimated effective tax rate. We are likely to see further adjustments to the liability as we refine our estimates. We included in our press release a revised 2018 outlook for operating earnings per share. We are assuming an effective tax rate in 2018 of 26.5%. This derived from Japan’s corporate tax rate of 28%, the U.S. rate of 21% and assuming a stable mix of earnings. We estimate operating earnings per share will increase approximately $0.80 a share and have reset our 2018 EPS guidance range accordingly. We estimate annualized capital generation will improve by approximately $250 million a year. The incremental capital generation in 2018, together with excess capital in the U.S. from our RBC drawdown plans, drives our estimated capital deployment in 2018 to approximately $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion. This assumes markets remain stable throughout the year. Looking ahead to 2018, we are well positioned in terms of core margins and capital strength. I’ll now hand the call back to David to begin our Q&A session. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. [Operator Instructions] We will now take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thank you, good morning. So we see a news article that came out in January. Regardless of the truth of the allegations has the potential to be somewhat damaging to your brand, so with that in mind, are you seeing any impact on sales or recruiting from that article? Or is it just too early to tell?
Dan Amos: I think it’s too early to tell at this particular point. But as I told you, we expect to achieve our target for the full year and believe that when it’s all said and done, we will be able to handle any of the issues that were brought before us and resolve them in our favor.
Nigel Dally: Great. And so a follow-up on tax reform. Will any of that benefit be passed along to your policyholders through lower prices or any other benefits? Because a market – smaller market tend to be less price sensitive.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think you have that right. Obviously, for starters, it goes without saying that our Japan business is unaffected by this since there’s no corporate tax rate change there, and we incorporate corporate tax rates in Japan in our pricing. So it’s really a U.S. issue. And from a U.S. standpoint, you have that right. The nature of our products are such that there’s very little delta, if you will, relative to changes in tax rates as it pertains to pricing and ultimate premium levels in our products. What we will do is what we always do and that is, we’ll certainly monitor the competitive environments and make sure that the value proposition of our policies and the associated premium remains very strong and in practice.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thanks a lot.
David Young: Operator, our next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Good morning. First, I had a question on U.S. sales. It seems like you had decent momentum in the last couple of quarters and some of the initiatives that you’ve had ongoing, like expansion through the broker channel, it seems like they are not fully in the numbers yet or the benefit is not fully in the numbers yet. So it appears like the guidance – the sales guidance of – or you could exceed your sales guidance in 2018. Is there anything that you’re seeing that makes you believe otherwise? Or is the guidance somewhat conservative?
Teresa White: We believe – this is Teresa, Jimmy. We do see a tremendous opportunity in the broker market. There are some areas that we believe we can improve over time, specifically in that middle market segment and that’s where our focus will be in 2018. But as to our results, overall, we believe that we will be within that range of 3% to 5%. So we feel good about that range.
Jimmy Bhullar: And is there anything that’s making you concerned about why you expect a slowdown in sales versus where they’ve been in the last couple of quarters?
Teresa White: No. I don’t have any concerns as it relates to any slowdown.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on the Japan business…
Teresa White: So let me be very clear. In the first quarter, that’s probably our lowest quarter. So we will see a lower first quarter, still positive, but we’re projecting it to be the lowest quarter and then you’ll start seeing a pickup throughout the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And on the Japan business, the income support product seem – sales seem to have stagnated. What’s your view of the ultimate market for that product? And has that changed versus what you might have thought maybe at six months or a year ago?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Aflac Japan, Koide. [Foreign Language] Our income support market itself is still in its growing period. So what we are trying to do right now is to really pursue or looking to an effective way to really appeal to our customers. [Foreign Language] As a result, we do believe that it will take some time for the income support to grow significantly. [Foreign Language] However, just to let you know that in the second half of 2017, our growth of this product was higher than that of the first half of 2017. [Foreign Language] And particularly, in our agency channel, there are some agencies that have taken this product as their routine sales and so that has taken root in their sales activities. [Foreign Language] And so as a result, what we will do is to make an effort in long term to really strengthen the sales and promotion of this product. And particularly, in 2018, we will try our best in trying to promote this product, so that the product recognition will increase among our customers. [Foreign Language] For example, those people who are concerned about one not being able to work at some point and have concerns about paying off their housing loans. [Foreign Language] And we also would like to cross sell this product together with medical product. [Foreign Language] But as always, we are not just particularly focused on the income support product, we will try to balance out our third sector products and push forward with all products. [Foreign Language] That’s it from me.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. First question. So Fred, $250 million increase in annual capital generation from tax reform. Should that be pretty constant or do you see that changing over time? Is there any meaningful delta on that or is that – should that be pretty constant based on how your earnings will change?
Fred Crawford: Yes, it should be pretty constant, Tom, the way we look at it. We don’t have any – I know that for – to those companies that have concentrated businesses in the U.S., there’s certain dynamics related to the treatment of both DAC and reserves that came out of tax reform that creates more timing dynamics related to the pace of cash taxes versus reported tax rates. We don’t have that dynamic. And so we would expect this type of steady run rate improvement cap, provided, of course, tax rates remain the same both in the U.S. and Japan as they’re currently stated. Unfortunately, while we are impacted in the U.S. business from tax reform just like any other insurance company, because we have relatively lite reserve-type business, there’s not a tremendous amount of reserve buildup related to the types of products we do as compared to other capital-intensive products. We want to kick quite as much by tax timing-related issues that come through the tax plan, so it’s a pretty steady number.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then by follow-up. Dan, just in terms of these legal allegations. After you conducted your review, which sounds like you had some outside people involved in that, was there anything that you found that you ended up changing business practices? Or anything else that was an outcome of that review?
Dan Amos: They’re not through, we have one more report that is to come out that we haven’t seen yet. And it should be out very shortly. We said, before the end of February. But in the first report, I think we were – it spoke for itself in terms of what we’re doing. But let me be clear, we’re always looking to see if there’s a better way to regulate things and to make sure we’re following all the guidelines that are set forth. And so we’re constantly adjusting to do those things. But we’re trying to do the right things, and we’re going to continue to do that as we move forward and feel like. We’ve had that hotline to where they can call directly, it circumvents management. It goes to the General Counsel’s office. From there, it goes to the Audit Committee. So there’s a way of information that if there’s any real issues to where it can’t be bought by anybody. And that’s what we want to make sure of is, is that we’re open-ended and that we’re transparent and we’re trying to make sure we run this company in the most ethical manner possible.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: A question on Japan, I guess. After the branch conversion and some of these new products are coming out, are – is there more pricing pressure? Like, could you talk about, like, how much of the need to adjust the products is pricing versus structural? And what you’d expect for the benefit ratio impact kind of thinking out over the next couple of years?
FredCrawford: I’ll start this, this Fred. My general comment is that the competitive landscape in Japan has for quite a while been very competitive, it remains competitive, and we expect it to be competitive going forward. And so as a result, in order to maintain margins, we have to be very proactive in the development and refreshing of our products just to stay competitive and continue the growth rates. But this competitive landscape and sensitivities around that, pressures, if you will, related to competitive landscape, that’s been around this company and our Japan franchise for many years, and we’ve been able to navigate that and maintain our margins.
Alex Scott: And then in the U.S., the investment that you are looking at, can you provide any kind of details around specific areas? And how much upside that, that could provide to the long-term growth rate for premiums?
Fred Crawford: Yes. I think you’re referencing the announcement we made over the holidays and our commitment to invest up to $250 million in the U.S. over three to five years. Well, as part of that investment is an investment in our employees through issues such as 401(k) matching and offering up our products to our employees, fully subsidized and then also philanthropic efforts. We had a significant effort at Aflac to fight childhood cancer and that’s a major initiative for the company, it has been for a while. We’re setting up all of our activities around that. If you look at the $250 million over three to five years, around 20% to 30% of that number is that commitment, the commitment to employees, philanthropic and benefits. The remainder is very opportunistic in nature, but really represents an acceleration of what we would anticipate in doing over the long run. And tax reform allowed us to accelerate some of our plans with confidence and capital to make those commitments. They’re going to revolve largely around digital advancement, technology advancement, in some cases, distribution, including alternative distribution. And what’s very important is, they’ve not been crystallized or identified, both timing and amount could also realize the nature of the investment will matter a lot in terms of guidance. For example, a number of the investments we would contemplate would be capitalized, some would take place at the holding company level, some would take place in the U.S. entity affecting ratios. So as those crystallize, we’ll certainly give guidance accordingly. But that’s our intent.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Erik Bass: Thank you. At the FAB Meeting, you laid out a plan to deploy, I think, it was $5.75 billion to $6.5 billion of capital for 2017 to 2019. It’s based on the dividend increase you announced and the improvement acceleration. I mean, does this change how you are thinking about that total amount of capital deployment?
Fred Crawford: The only change in that total amount of capital deployment is we do have one rate additional capital that would come in vis-a-vis the tax reform. And so I noted in my prepared remarks what that impact is to 2018. But over a three-year period, you would expect that to accumulate. We stepped back on the totality of the quality of our cash flow and capital and then looking at relative uses of capital, and that really was the foundation of making the move on the dividend. It has the effect of allocating approximately $100 million a year towards the dividend. And this was something we had been looking at for quite a while as we looked at our payout ratio relative to peers, but then also the relative value of using our excess capital. What’s the best and highest use of using excess capital. And the dividend really started to shine in recent years as an area where we had opportunity to lift that. So we’ve made that move. Otherwise, we’re sticking with our general repurchase guidance, including allocations to repurchase over that time frame. And so, therefore, what solves for the added capital and cash flow is more opportunistic investment. And again, as Teresa has outlined and Koide-San has outlined, in Japan, we think we have opportunities to invest in growth initiatives around technology, digital, distribution expansion, et cetera, and that’s where we would look to dedicate some of the excess capital.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then it’s the follow-up on Alex’s question. I mean, if you think longer term, do you see the investments in the U.S., including the incremental $250 million but plus what that you had – have already been doing, do you see that as potentially enabling you to accelerate sales and earned premium growth above the ranges you’re targeting near term? Are these investments more that are needed to just keep pace with the industry?
Fred Crawford: Well, I imagine at the end of the day, they’re going to fall into a mix of both. Because certainly, if you look at the rest of the industry, investments are being made along these lines. So you absolutely do need to keep pace. But we’ve got a great foundation here at Aflac, a strong brand, significant distribution reach, scale in what we do. And so we touch 440,000 small businesses, we employee 50 million people, 8 million of which currently have our policies. And so when we talk about investing in growth, digital technology, et cetera, it’s to drive greater penetration and greater growth. And you would expect that to yield benefits in earned premium, annualized premium, client accounts, policies in force, et cetera, but that would be the intent of these investments. I would say, productivity and efficiency are also playing into it.
Erik Bass: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Barnidge of Sandler O’Neill. Your line is now open.
John Barnidge: Thank you. In Aflac U.S., the average weekly producers, when was it that high either on a quarterly basis or in the annual basis?
Teresa White: When was it that high? I’m not sure I understand the question. This is Teresa.
John Barnidge: It was 176.183 on Page 18 of the supplement and it doesn’t seem like on an annual basis there it was that high previously.
Teresa White: Yes. I think what you’re referring to is the productivity. And certainly, from a productivity standpoint, that’s really been our focus. We have not seen productivity that high probably since 2007 or so, but I’d have to go back and look at those numbers. But our focus has been on productivity and training, development, driving producers or working with producers to become productive agents. So I’m not surprised that where we are, I’m excited about that pipeline.
John Barnidge: And then with tax reform, does that change how you think may be your earnings mix between the U.S. and Japan? And do you seem inclined to maybe grow the U.S. component a bit more either organically or through M&A into new products or channels?
Dan Amos: Tax reform in and of itself is not necessarily influencing where we invest our dollars. Something I would remind you of is that remember, we remain a U.S. taxpayer on the entirety of our earnings, because our – Japan is a branch for tax purposes. So despite having converted it or planning to convert here in April to a subsidiary, we remain a branch for tax purposes. So we’re a U.S. taxpayer on all of our earnings. Obviously, we have the dynamic where the corporate tax rate is higher in Japan. But that’s not necessarily skewing our desire to make investments, we generate strong profitability in both regions. And so it’s attracting capital accordingly.
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Your line is now open.
Ryan Krueger: Good morning. On Japan, I guess, first would you expect to make the product revisions in April shortly after the conversion? And then secondly, are you planning to have refreshed products for both cancer and medical?
Dan Amos: Koide, can you answer that?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Koide-San from Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] And since our new product has not been formally announced, therefore, I would like to refrain from really announcing the details here. [Foreign Language] But what I can say is that, we will be injecting a product that really reflects the recent medical treatments and to cover that – offer coverage that supports that. [Foreign Language] And to align with the timing of our conversion or incorporation in Japan, we are planning to launch a very, very strong product. [Foreign Language] That’s it from me.
Dan Amos: I want to just remind you that have not been on this call very often that that’s a requirement of the Financial Services Agency that we not discuss the actual approval date of product. They do not want us to do that. So we’re following their guidance. So just to make sure, it’s not us. We’d be glad to tell you, but we’re following that. But you can kind of figure it out with what we did last and what we’re doing now and it kind of adds up for you if you look at it.
Ryan Krueger: And then, Fred, just after the increase in book value from the DTL change, does that increase your view of debt capacity with the debt to capital ratio now below 20%?
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s a fair question. I’m not at the moment reacting or overreacting to the one-time noncash DTL reduction to run out necessarily redial leverage over time. Our leverage is largely dictated by understanding the dynamics of cash flow and the quality of cash flows. When you are able to, for example, make a move on the dividend the way we have, that’s in part because we have a relatively lite level of interest expense, and so we can make those kinds of decisions as to what the highest and best use of excess capital is. So there are no plans to pump up leverage. I would also remind you that we look at leverage in two different ways. We look at the leverage on a recorded ex-AOCI basis, which is where you see it dropping down below 20%, which is in fact below our 20% to 25% stated policy. But we also look at leverage when you incorporate the unrealized gain and loss from foreign currency translation. Now that’s a part of AC – AOCI that is at times not a small number and we try to look at our leverage with that as well. Why? Because that’s economic in nature in the sense that even though it’s unrealized, over time it may become realized because it’s related to the currency impact to the value of our Japan franchise. And so we look at it in both ways. And with that currency adjustment, leverage is up around 21% in change, still low, but we look at it both ways. So – and I should also add the rating agencies do as well. So right now, no plans. But of course, we are relatively low-levered. We have a very high coverage ratio on interest expense and that allows us to be opportunistic in deploying capital such as a nice dividend increase.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean Dargan of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Sean Dargan: Thank you and good morning. I have a question for Fred around RBC and tax reform. So the 120 point RBC hit, that’s inclusive of everything, not just the DTL – I’m sorry, the DTA?
Fred Crawford: That’s right. It’s – it has a DTA impact. And then the way I think of it is, there’s a numerator impact and a denominator impact. And so there’s also the loss of certain favorable tax treatment in the required capital, if you will, or denominator. And so it incorporates both of those elements.
Sean Dargan: Okay. And then about your comment to rebuild that over time, have you had conversations with the rating agencies and kind of sounded out how they’re thinking about that? Are they going to give you some compensation?
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s – I might also add a little more color too. I mentioned that we recover the RBC over three to five years, that is based on an estimate right now of additional statutory income of around $85 million a year. This would when – this would be when you consolidate all of our statutory and legal entities in the U.S. And so that’s what I mean by starting to gain back the RBC. To your question, is there going to be a "reset of RBC"? I’ll tell you exactly what I’ve told my team here internally and even our Audit Committee, and that is, I’ve never really held my breath on the rating agencies coming out and saying, hey, last year’s 500% is this year’s 400%. I sort of go with the plan that we’re going to be held to the same standards irrespective of these adjustments. If it plays out differently and if it becomes a reset, if you will, relative to these types of events, then so be it. But I think, right now, we are sticking with our plan targeting 500% RBC over the next few years, has no impact on our drawdown plan of excess capital. And if we find ways in which we can optimize in the future, we’ll do that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Suneet Kamath of Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks. Just wanted to start with the U.S. and the group sales, which have been late. Give a sense of what percentage of those sales represent new customers, new Aflac versus conversions? 
Teresa White: So let me first speak to – and I think what you’re referring to is movement from business from individual to group. 
Dan Amos: Do you want re-enrollments and accounts?
Teresa White: New groups.
Dan Amos: New accounts? What are you kind of asking to make sure we’re on the same page?
Suneet Kamath: A customer that had been on the individual side or paid, that’s no longer sold through the individual agent, but is now are sold through Aflac?
Teresa White: So it’s very, very small amount, less than 1%. So it’s a very small amount, may be about 1%. 1%. 
Dan Amos: Let me say one thing. We believe that the individual policy is in the best interest of the customer. A lot of our people do, because they can take it with them when they leave.
Teresa White: I think what’s more important is the group and individual, they are totally separate companies, right? And the employer makes a decision as to whether they want to offer a group policy or an individual policy to their employees. Now if there’s an individual employee that has – there’s a person who has an individual policy and their employer decides to go to a group policy, just by normal course, we give the individual the choice as to whether they want to keep their individual policy or move to group. So I guess, that from that standpoint, does the activity happen sometimes, but it’s a very small amount of activity of transferring people from individual to group. And the choice is basically made from the employer’s standpoint. And then the choice of whether the individual, as Dan said, it’s an individually issued product, it is their product, it’s underwritten differently. So those can – they can make the decision as to whether they want to keep that product. I hope that helps.
Dan Amos: The real driver though is that the business that we’ve been writing on an individual basis are generally small accounts.
Teresa White: That’s correct.
Dan Amos: And when we got into the group business, it’s predominantly large accounts that is driven by brokers or driven by brokers working with our associates. So that’s a major difference as you look at this. So there’s not as much overlap because of that. So that’s why that number is relatively low.
Teresa White: That’s correct.
Dan Amos: And one reason for that just to explain it to you is the employer wants to make sure that these large accounts when it goes across state lines, that everyone has the same policy and they had that under that arrangement. In the case of individual policies, it’s where it written. So they – within an account you could add different. So take, for example, here in Columbus, where Alabama is across the line, if it was an individual policy then the people in Alabama that are being – really would have a different policy from Georgia people. And most employers and human resources people don’t like that, so that’s why these larger accounts tend to be that way.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, that’s fine. I mean maybe just one quick one for Fred on the RBC. Just wanted to make sure I understand, I know that you had said you’re going to draw that down to around 500% by 2019. But I think that there was the thought that maybe after 2019, even when we have more, given the low-risk business model of Aflac U.S. Just want to be clear, does the impact of tax reform, which is going to knock that RBC down a little bit, does that impact your ability to draw that down beyond 2019?
Dan Amos: It doesn’t really change my views in the sense of being able to run our business at a lower RBC than, say, more capital-intensive businesses. And so, right now, my assumption is that we continue to manage to a 500% RBC through the retention of ongoing earnings, while drawing down the excess capital. If, however, we’re able to work with the rating agencies, and of course, upon assessment of our own risk management parameters, bring that down, we’ll look to do that and optimize. But right now, that’s not the game plan right now, we are sticking with the plan of 500%. Once we settle into blue book settle into the pace of statutory earnings, communicate more proactively on a U.S. only basis, that should offer us opportunity to optimize over time. But this is a year of transition. And as I’ve mentioned to you before, it’s been 40 years since we’ve had a U.S.- only blue book. And so once we get into those numbers and be able to communicate properly and make a case for the very low risk profile of the business and the ability to bring that RBC maybe more efficiently.
Teresa White: Operator, I think we have pass the top of the hour. Is time to conclude our call.
Dan Amos: Thank you for joining us today. That concludes our call. If you have any questions please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations department. And we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David Young - Aflac, Inc. Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc. Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc. Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd. Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc. Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.
Analysts: Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer; and Todd Daniels, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary. Joining us from Tokyo are Masatoshi Koide, President and COO of Aflac Japan and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal security laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they're prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of aflac.com and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, David. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that the third quarter concluded a great first nine months for Aflac and well positioned us to achieve the goals we set out to achieve for the year. As you likely saw from yesterday's press release, these strong results gave us confidence to upwardly revise our operating earnings per share outlook for the year to the range of $6.75 to $6.95. Fred will provide more context on earnings and our outlook during his comments. Let me now provide an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Despite the persistent low interest rate environment, Aflac Japan generated solid financial results for both the quarter and the first nine months of the year. In yen terms, the results on an operating basis were ahead of expectations for the year. Aflac Japan's third sector sales increased 2% in the quarter, rounding out a solid increase of 5% for the year. Quarterly sales results continue to benefit from the February launch of our revised medical product, EVER. Additionally, as you may be aware, our Income Support Insurance is conceptually a new product not just for Aflac, but also for Japan. As with any new concept, it takes time to catch on, but I believe our sales force will continue to embrace it. We have high expectations that this product will continue to grow over the long term. Within the low interest rate environment, you'll recall that we have de-emphasized first sector savings products like WAYS and child endowment by only selling them in select channels and aggressively repricing these products. Aflac Japan continued to make significant progress controlling the sale of first sector savings-type products down materially in the quarter. Additionally, we are renewing our focus on developing competitive first sector protection products to round out our product lineup. Regarding distribution, we had meaningful production across all channels, which further establishes our leading position in the third sector market. Our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success. Our alliance partners also made significant contributions to our sales results. With such an extensive distribution network that includes Japan Post 20,000-plus postal outlets selling our cancer insurance, we are solidifying our goal to be where people want buy insurance. Looking ahead, Aflac Japan's focus will remain on selling our third sector products, along with first sector protection products, both of which are less interest rate sensitive and have strong and stable margins. We will continue to develop new third sector products specifically designed to enhance our strong market share, provided they meet the risk management standards we set forth. Our new medical product has done well and we will continue our pattern of repricing our cancer and medical products to defend and build upon our leading position. As discussed at the Financial Analyst Briefing, near-term growth rates for the third sector products face challenging comparisons, which we expect strong results for the year, we anticipate the fourth quarter will be relatively flat in comparison to 2016. Strong sales in 2017 were largely due to the launch of our EVER medical product early in the first quarter 2017. In 2018, we scheduled our product launches to follow Aflac Japan's conversion to a subsidiary to avoid any unnecessary rework or policy disruption post conversions. Taking these factors into account, we expect the first half of 2018 to be down, then recovering in the second half of 2018. We continue to target a long-term growth rate in the range of 4% to 6% through 2019 and will update as to our forecast what firms up. Don't lose sight that over the past four years, we've taken our third sector new sales from ¥70 billion to about ¥85 billion and that's good business with strong margins. It's also meaningful, given our leading market share. Turning to Aflac U.S. operations, we are pleased with the financial performance and continued strength in the profitability of Aflac U.S. Like Aflac Japan, our financial results for Aflac U.S. on an operating basis were ahead of expectations, which is particularly notable, and that they also reflect ongoing investment in our platform. A definite highlight of the third quarter was Aflac U.S. new sales increase of 7.5%, which brings our nine-month sales increase to 3.8%. This outstanding quarterly sales results confirms our focus on the U.S. growth strategy. However, keep in mind that the timing of sales can vary from quarter-to-quarter, but I've continued to be encouraged by what I'm seeing with U.S. sales growth. It is exciting to see our platform investment pay off not just in sales, but also in customer satisfaction. It's also energizing to see surveys that indicate that 95% of our policyholders have used One Day Pay or likely to refer other people to Aflac. This demonstrates that One Day Pay is not only a fast claims initiative, it's a way of doing business that helps set our brand apart. Independent research continues to show that there is no doubt American consumers need cash quickly and paying claims fast and fairly distinguishes us from the competition. With respect to career agent activity, we continue to focus agents on groups with fewer than 100 employees. I believe this market has Aflac's to grow, because our career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to access and therefore succeed with smaller employers. Turning to the broker activity, given the positive results we've seen within our efforts in our large-case broker space, we continue to expand our broker sales team with new roles designed to focus on the mid-case broker space. I am pleased with the progress we've made. The sales accomplishments we've seen in the quarter only further our determination to enhance our sales channel and further sales results. We will continue to make tactical adjustments to meet our long-term growth objectives. We continue to anticipate a long-term sales growth of 3% to 5% in new annualized premium through 2019. With respect to capital deployment, Fred will provide more details shortly, but let me just say that we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our stakeholders. We continue to anticipate that we will repurchase in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of shares in 2017. As is always the case, this assumes stable capital conditions and an absence of compelling alternatives. I'm very pleased with the Board of Directors action to increase the quarterly dividend by 4.7%. This marks the 35th consecutive year of increasing our cash dividend and demonstrates our commitment to rewarding our shareholders. Our dividend policy is guided by growth and operating earnings per share along with free cash flow generations and capital quality. I'll conclude by reiterating how proud I am of the management team, the employees and our sales organization in Japan and the United States as they have worked incredibly hard to generate the results we'd shared. Quarters like this only fuel my excitement for Aflac's future and what we can accomplish. Now, I'll turn the program over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Dan. Our earnings result for the third quarter came in above our expectations, but consistent with the strong margins we have experienced throughout the year, both in Japan and in the U.S. We reported operating earnings of $1.70 per diluted share. Following a particularly volatile period last year, the yen weakened nearly 8% as compared to the average for last year's quarter, which impacted our comparable performance negatively by $0.07 a share. We concluded as part of our annual actuarial review process that it was appropriate to reduce specific IBNR reserves for our Japan cancer business by ¥2.4 billion, contributing roughly $0.04 a share to the quarter's EPS. This adjustment is similar to the actions taken in the third quarter last year and reflects continued strong cancer claims experienced. We booked approximately $10 million in pre-tax costs associated with our Japan branch conversion. The conversion remains on track for a mid-2018 closing with most of the heavy lift and expenses expected over the next nine months. There is no change to our guidance on total conversion cost of $120 million to $130 million pre-tax. In our Japan segment, premium growth continues to be pressured by our first sector savings product, WAYS, and a portion of our block reaching paid-up status. This contributed to a ¥19 billion decline in first sector earned premium as compared to the previous year. Meanwhile, continued growth in third sector sales drove earned premium up approximately ¥6 billion in the quarter. Our Japan segment profitability was strong in the quarter with pre-tax margins of nearly 20%. Our total benefit ratio in Japan continues to trend favorably in 2017, driven in part by a shift in earned premium mix from first sector towards third sector. The shift in the premium mix has reduced our year-to-date reported benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points as compared to the previous year. Importantly, our third sector benefit ratio, while favorable, performed consistent with recent experience on a normalized basis. Our expense ratio in Japan remained stable, but we expect will increase to the midpoint of our range provided at this year's FAB conference as we move through 2018. Drivers include first sector premium declines along with the same premium mix dynamic that is positively impacting our benefit ratio, but naturally pressures our reported expense ratio. In addition, we plan to step up our investment in product development, digital and IT initiatives, designed to drive future growth and operating efficiencies. While down year-to-date, Japan's investment income has performed favorable to our original outlook call expectations. Investment income has been pressured by lower reinvestment yields and higher hedge costs versus prior year. We continue to make progress on the build-out of the floating rate portfolio in Japan and have invested approximately $625 million through September with a building pipeline of commitments. Our U.S. dollar floating rate portfolio includes bank loans, middle market loans and transitional real estate and stands at $2.6 billion or approximately 11% of our U.S. dollar portfolio at quarter end. In terms of hedge costs, we are on pace to come in below our full-year guidance range. We have benefited from favorable pricing and modestly lower hedge ratio. As a result, we are now forecasting hedge costs in the $230 million to $240 million range for the full-year 2017. Turning to the U.S., Dan commented on our sales results, which together, with improved persistency, drove premium growth to just over 2% in the quarter. Benefit ratios show continued strength relative to our 2017 guidance range. Our expense ratio was favorable in the quarter with year-to-date performance of approximately 34%, more in line with our guidance for the year. Our expense ratio reflects progress on certain platform investments, including our group administrative platform, enrollment platform and related technology. Overall, U.S. pre-tax profit margin at 20% remains strong by historical standards. Our overall capital condition and associated metrics remain healthy at healthy levels. Japan SMR and ESR, U.S. RBC and overall excess capital conditions are consistent with the updates provided at our FAB conference. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remained strong with only a modest level of impairments in the quarter. Of note, this month, we issued ¥60 billion of subordinated debt priced at 2%. I mentioned at our conference, our focus on optimizing our capital structure and the proceeds from the offering will ultimately refinance a callable $500 million subordinated debt security with a 5.5% coupon. We repurchased $219 million of stock in the third quarter and remain comfortably on track to repurchase between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion worth of our stock for the year. As we discussed at our FAB conference, we remain tactical in our approach to repurchase. As Dan noted in his comments, earnings growth, cash flow and capital strength, all support our board's decision to increase the quarterly common stock dividend by 4.7%, marking our 35th consecutive year of increase. Bolstered by sustained strong margins in both Japan and the U.S., we are increasing our 2017 earnings guidance to $6.75 to $6.95 per share on a currency-neutral basis. Our normalized outperformance has been driven by a combination of strong pre-tax margins in Japan, favorable investment income and hedge costs as compared to our original expectations. Overall, stability in U.S. margins and modestly lower effective tax rate for the year also contributed. Looking ahead, we remain well positioned in terms of our core margins and capital strength, recognizing our desire to invest in the platform for future growth. We'll provide greater detail on our December outlook call. I'll now hand it over to David to take us to Q&A. David?
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you, Fred. Now, we are ready to take your questions, but first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and one follow-up that relates to that question. Operator, we'll now take the first question.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first question is coming from the line of Mr. Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is now open.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, hoping to get some additional data behind the U.S. sales increase, perhaps some detail on how that increase broke down between the brokerage and agency channels and also with the brokerage channel as to how the pipeline is building for the fourth quarter, given that it tends to be back-end loaded.
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Nigel, thank you for the question. So, as it relates to U.S. sales for the third quarter, I'll give you three observations. The first is we saw positive results in all of the areas of focus that I've been talking about in 2017, career agent; veteran engagement; new associate conversion to producer; middle market broker sales; and public sector business. So, all of those areas are working well for us in the third quarter. Second thing that I'll mention is, Dan talked about a shift of the sales that – how they compare it from quarter-to-quarter. Well, in the third quarter, we saw higher-than-expected growth in the large broker markets, which normally, as you know, skews toward the fourth quarter. However, as we looked at the data, without that large case – without those large cases, our sales team still has strong performance around 5% for the quarter. The third thing I'll mention is that I'm very encouraged about the growth that we're seeing through the successful execution of our initiatives without changes in the fundamental business practices that we've set forth. So, we're building confidence in our strategy, we're building confidence in our sales leadership and we're building confidence in their ability to execute. As to the attribution question, as we look at the broker sales versus the career agent sales, first, the Aflac is seeing the same rate of growth from brokers as the market is seeing. So, market growth had seen some increase on the broker side, while Aflac is experiencing the same thing and we saw that more pronounced in the third quarter. The second thing I'll say is that, as we're executing on the strategies, both channels are performing. We believe that the bonus programs that we've introduced in 2016 allowed the career agents to focus on growing career producers and on sales in the small business market. We believe that's working. And on the broker side, we're seeing that the broker expansion strategies discussed earlier in the year are coming to fruition, translating into better market growth in that channel. So, I hope that answers your question.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just a question on the Japan sales, it softened a little bit in the quarter, but at the same time, on a year-to-date basis, seems to be remaining on track. Would you say (22:03) a sign of the product cycle, the products are kind of reaching some level of saturation? And then kind of thinking ahead, will we expect a similar a refreshing cycle as you did in 2017?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Koide?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: This is Koide from Aflac Japan. I would like to explain about new product cycle. And in terms of medical insurance, competitive environment is becoming much more fierce. And so, the product that we have seen has a coverage or benefit changes and the premiums are going down. So, what we need to do is always watch out for what competitors are doing and then perhaps follow up on other companies' product or we may want to take a step ahead in the competition. So, as a result, we have been able to secure – we have been trying to secure our share by revising our product in a relatively short cycle between a year or two in medical insurance. And by following the cycle that I have mentioned, we have been able to revise our new medical product in February this year and as a result, we have had good sales of this product. Now, let me touch upon the cancer insurance. Since we have an overwhelming position in the Japanese cancer insurance market and with advancement of a treatment technology and also taking into account of the environmental changes of cancer insurance or cancer itself and so our policy is to develop product that customer really needs. So, therefore, compared with the medical insurance, the product development cycle is longer, which is three to four years. And we have been able to maintain a leading position in the cancer insurance under this policy with a new product development and we have been continuing with this policy. And that's all from me.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: I'd like to make one other comment about it. When Koide mentioned aggressive competitive environment, that really had changed. It's been aggressive for years and we constantly are on top of it, but the pattern that I have seen in sales is no real change. The only change that I really see – and we basically told you that the second half were tough comparisons. So, the third quarter and the fourth quarter should be no shock to anybody what we've said. We are ending up in the range we told you. And then, for next year, it's simply because of the shift of that product that will be one of the reasons, but let's be clear, the hardest part is not the competition, it's the comparables of growing from ¥70 billion of new sales to ¥85 billion of new sales and just the law of numbers becoming tougher, but all-in-all, I'm very pleased with the results of what's going on in our sales department.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: So, in terms of the current product suite, do you think there's still some lag underneath it for another year or so or do you feel like you may have to refresh a little bit in 2018?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: I think you are going to see a new – a revised product in 2018 in the second half.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Got it. And then, just a quick follow-up on U.S. sales, and I believe there is some hurricane-related impact in the quarter, but still delivers very strong sales results. How should we think about these kind of hurricane-related impacts in the third quarter, and do you anticipate any kind of further impact in the fourth quarter as you go through the beef of the renewal cycle?
Teresa L. White - Aflac, Inc.: So, thank you for the question. Three things as it relates to hurricane impact. From a sales perspective, we anticipate the impact of hurricanes to be about 1% of U.S. 2017 sales, and so that includes the third and fourth quarter. From a persistency perspective, the figures in the FAB supp are slightly elevated due to the emergency orders that were following the hurricanes in September. So, those orders, as you know, mandate that the affected counties we don't lapse policies in those affected counties for about 60 days. Now – so, we estimate the impact of that to be about 20 basis points from a persistency perspective. While we don't see any material increase in the loss ratios due to claims, we are monitoring the benefit ratio due to the impact of last account – the potential impact of last account. And, Fred, is there anything else you want to add?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, I think it might be informative just how do you deal with these types of natural disasters from the standpoint of our financial statements and benefit ratios. Look, the punch line is that you should not expect and we do not anticipate any material financial movement in our core margins as a bottom line impact. So, I would not worry about that, we are not worried about that, but it is interesting. You obviously have the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, really the entire State of Florida and then sections of Texas that were affected. And what we do is, because there is basically a blackout, if you will, of paid premium and submitted claims as people are dislocated from their homes and away from work and so forth, we have a way in which we can estimate what we would have expected the premium levels to be and the submitted claims level to be, and we adjust our due premium assumptions as well as our IBNR to take that into account. And that's done through an estimation process. When it comes time to – as you may know, the states actually put what amounts to a stay in place that requires keeping policies in-force while people are dislocated. And so, we have to make these estimates as to how the business would have performed had that stay not been in place. When it comes off of that dynamic, which is typically about a year long, it can be shorter at times depending on the nature of the disaster, there'll be some movement in policies, such as policy lapsation, which is what Teresa talked about. And in that case, what you will have under a lapsation dynamic is you'll have a natural release of reserves on the product, which could actually benefit your benefit ratio, but that's offset by DAC amortization, accelerated DAC amortization, which weighs on your expense ratio. From a bottom line perspective, you're not impacted, but you'll see those moving parts. In any particular quarter, it may be noticeable, and we'll point that out if it takes place, but I would tell you over a year's timeframe, it's a rounding error and does not adjust our outlook.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: That is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. The first question I had was just on buybacks. I think you mentioned you're still committed to your $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion range for – or $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion range for 2017. That implies a significant pickup in buybacks from what you've been doing in the last few quarters, and I think roughly for $300 million to $500 million in the fourth quarter based on your range. So, what's going to – like how do we think about where you're going to come out in that range and what's really going to be the deciding factor from your standpoint? Is it the stock price or is it something else you're watching to see whether you are higher-end or lower-end of that range?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, I made the comment, Jimmy, in my script comments, if you will, that we're being tactical, but quite honestly, it's substantially similar to the tone and discussion we had at our conference, and that is we've got to start weighing alternatives for our excess capital, including reinvesting back into our business and that it's not just going to be automatically repurchased, particularly as we trade up towards our view of intrinsic value. And so, we're going to be more tactical. Having said that, I'm comfortable that we'll be within the range, but I think when looking at the fourth quarter and just a practical approach to repurchase, it's likely the case that we'll be at the midpoint or lower than the midpoint of that range as we are tracking. And again, that really has more to do with paying careful attention to the expected returns on our excess capital. So, we continue to repurchase, we'll continue to that pace, but I think from a practical perspective, I would not anticipate the mid to high-end of that range all in the fourth quarter.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I had a follow-up on the question on Japan sales. Specifically, on the Income Support product, your sales were down from last year. They've been flat the last few quarters. So, what's your expectation of the ramp-up in sales of that product over time? And have the results over the past few quarters affected your view of the potential for that product? Do you think it's more limited than you might have thought initially?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: I'm going to go ahead and answer that. I still believe it's a strong product. Sales agents take the path of least resistance. And when the medical product came out, they jumped back on it and moved away from this other product. As we've experienced, if you go back years to introduction of accident or other things, it took a while to get to sales force into it. You need to pay some clients. You need to be able to use those as examples. It's just going to take time. It isn't going as fast as I would like, but I still am very encouraged. And I've been in Japan twice since August and had a lot of discussions with this and we've got some contests that are small that are coming up that we'll do in the first quarter and continue to try to push it. But anytime you're doing something brand new, especially when it's never been out there at all for the industry, the good news is they have enormous potential. The bad news is that it's new and people don't know exactly what to do with it yet. But time will tell, but I'm convinced it's going to be a winner. It's just going to take a little while.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. Tom Gallagher of Evercore. Sir, your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Good morning. Dan, just a question on the comments you made about the first half 2018 sales in Japan that you expected them to be down based on – was that the delay of new products because of the subsidiary conversion or can you elaborate a bit on that?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah. Well, first of all, it's tough comparison in the first quarter. Let me be clear. Our strongest quarter was the first quarter in terms of percentage increase. So, that's the first thing I'll tell you and the first quarter will be much harder than the second quarter. But in addition to that, it's because the first quarter we won't have a new product, we believe that with all we've got going on with the conversion, and we expect it to be on time, we don't want to have anything going on with the systems that will separate us from any issues that might occur. So, we just decided to delay the product introduction until the second half of the year or certainly in late second quarter after the conversion is done. So, it's just the delay time on it. So, I look for a stronger second half versus a stronger first half, which we saw this year.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Got you. And then, Fred, I just wanted to make sure I understood the comments that you made about Japan. Did you say that you thought margins heading into 2018 would be more midpoint of guide versus sort of the high-end of the guide that they've been running out more recently? Was that where you saw things going into 2018?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: That comment was specific to the expense ratio in Japan. And so, what I'm referring to there is that our conference, we talked about the expense ratio in Japan for a three-year period being in the range of 19% to 21% and so my comment was, when looking at that long-term range, as we proceed to 2018, we would expect to be in the midpoint of that range. As you can see, we are traveling just a touch above 19% expense ratio in Japan. And note that, that expense ratio is really not an expense issue as much as it is a revenue issue and that we are fighting both the combination of paid-up policies driving premium down in the first sector space as well as the natural decline in net investment income year-over-year based on the rate environment. So, that's what we've been fighting. It's really been a revenue fight, not an expense issue. That continues to be with us as we go into 2018. The difference being though we are, in fact, stepping up some of our investment on digital and technology really with the idea of driving long-term efficiencies and driving growth. So, my comments, Tom, are really more specific to the expense ratio. Meanwhile, our benefit ratio is doing much better in Japan and is doing much better mainly because of the mix-related issues. So, as we do pull back on first sector and continue to grow our third sector business, we're seeing a shift in earned premium towards third sector, which naturally carries a more favorable benefit ratio. As I've mentioned, year-over-year, that's contributed 100 basis points to our benefit ratio. And as a result, we actually lowered our long-term guidance for benefit ratio range over the next three years. So, bottom line, i.e., pre-tax profit margin, we would expect to continue at a relatively stable level with what we've experienced in 2017.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Got it. So, Fred, the two of those things largely offset each other, would you say, the elevated expense ratio and then the move down in benefit ratio?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yes, in general. In general, Tom, obviously, there's a lot of moving parts as you can imagine, but in general, when it comes to pre-tax profit margin, we end up holding to a stable margin with those two elements offsetting.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thank you. Could you just provide an update on the, I guess, the switch trade and what portion is still left to reinvest in U.S. denominated assets in Japan?
Eric M. Kirsch - Aflac, Inc.: Sure. This is Eric, Alex. As Fred mentioned, year-to-date, about $625 million, $626 million in new floating rate assets, primarily focused on transitional real estate and middle market loans. When you look at the total floating rate portfolio, about $2.6 billion currently, we're continuing to focus on private debt, transitional real estate, middle market loans and we would expect that by the end of next year, we will fully replenish that switch trade of $2.5 billion. The exact timing is a little hard to give you. It could probably be in the first half of the year, but remember, these are private loans. So, they have to be negotiated, they have to be sourced and then funded. So, we would expect the switch trade of that $2.5 billion to ultimately be close some time next year and then we'll continue to allocate more to the floating rate bucket within the dollar strategy and back at the FAB Analyst Meeting, I put up a number of charts with some estimates in terms of percentages.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. And one other quick one, when you guys talked about the economic solvency ratio in Japan, has that impacted at all just by the branch conversion or is that sort of isolating? What will be the Japan piece following the separation?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: It doesn't. The ESR comments that we've made at the FAB Meeting in kind of where we're following are not impacted by the branch conversion. It's really a uniquely ESR calculation and whether a branch or subsidiary, it doesn't adjust our calculations.
Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. John Barnidge of Sandle O'Neill (sic) [Sandler O'Neill] (40:55). Sir, your line is open.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you. About first sector sales in Japan, I know there has been an extraordinary amount of reduction. What do you believe is the minimum level of first sector sales required to maintain distribution relationships and how quickly do you think you'll be able to get there? Thank you.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Koide?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: Well, first of all, in terms of the first sector products, I think we need to divide the first sector products into two types. One is savings-type first sector products and the other is protection-type first sector products. And what we think is needed as a first sector product to maintain our relationship with our agencies is the protection-type first sector products. And we will continue to strategically sell this product going forward as well. And we revised our product, GIFT, in February this year and even after the rate change, this product is selling very well.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Is that it, Koide?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: Yes.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Plus what the question that he is really asking is at what level do we need to hold? And the answer is, we're getting very close to that level. So, I would say somewhere in this range within 20% kind of gives you a range to note, but we are very close now.
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: I think a helpful comment is that obviously Aflac is not unique in its strategy as it relates to the rate environment in Japan, and we've seen all the peer companies really start pulling back on yen-based first sector savings products. And so, where we're really in the pack, if you will, in terms of our approach to doing that, what makes us different is that we've got such a robust and wide-ranging third sector product dynamic, but this is what makes things like the income product so important and a renewed focus on first sector protection product where you'll see more product development coming out on that front. Those are going to be important products for us to build for the very purpose of your question, and that is making sure that our agencies can make a living and generate income.
John Bakewell Barnidge - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. Suneet Kamath of Citi. Your line is open.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Just turning to Aflac Japan, if we look at the annualized premiums in-force down, I guess, 3.7% in the quarter. I think it's still down if I adjust for that paid-up phenomenon. So, my first question is, is that right or are you still down adjusting for that? And then, second, when do you think we can start to see some growth in that in-force premium number?
Frederick John Crawford - Aflac, Inc.: Yes, I think the answer is, yes, although accelerated by the paid-up policies, you're naturally seeing a little bit of additional runoff, although it's predominantly the paid-up dynamic. I say that because earned premium on the third sector side has been growing at a decent rate, low-single-digit type growth rates of third sector premium. So, I would say it's predominantly the paid-up premium dynamic, and that will start to slow. As I mentioned, I think, at FAB, we're running at around ¥55 billion, ¥60 billion estimate of paid-up premium in 2017. That will be cut effectively in half in 2018, and then again, cut in half in 2019. So, that pressure, if you will, starts to taper. And as a result, we'll start to see more of an offset between third sector premium growth and first sector premium decline. But realize, in addition to the paid-up policies, we have in fact, obviously, pulled back substantially from just the outright sale of first sector savings, and that certainly doesn't – weighs on your growth rate. Lapse rates are very low on first sector savings products. They tend to hover around 1%, sometimes a bit above 1%, this is excluding paid-up policy dynamics, it's just pure lapse. So, you have a very, very slow runoff, but when you're not selling any savings-related products of any magnitude, that will catch up to your premium, but remember, this is an economic decision that we made. You need to sort of wrap your head around the idea of what is the economic value of the relative premium between third sector and first sector. So, while it is affecting negatively our GAAP results, we are seeing FSA earnings or said differently, cash flow pick up, because we're allocating much less in the way of capital towards that product, and it's a product that is very capital heavy and we think the relative economic value of third sector we don't think we know is substantially better than first sector savings products and some of the tail risk and interest rate risk that comes with it. So, even though it's a headwind on GAAP-type results, it's a tailwind on economic value development.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: I'd like to add too, if you adjust for the year-to-date paid-up products on an in-force premium basis, we're about flat with where we were at third quarter last year.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And then, separately, just on the tax rate, it was low in the quarter. I know some of that was due to stock compensation, and then I think there was also, I guess, a moratorium on a tax-related item related to the ACA. So, as we think about kind of going forward, do you think you get back to the 34.5%, which is about where you've been tracking, or are we going to be below that because of that ACA dynamic?
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Yeah, I would tell you that there would be perhaps some benefit, although I believe that ACA benefit starts to fade a bit here as we move forward. I will tell you from a financial planning perspective, and we're in the midst of our financial planning work right now, of which we'll then talk more about that obviously on our outlook call, first week of December. We're not going to necessarily assume this type of effective tax rate going forward. The main driver of the lower effective tax rate, as you mentioned, is really specifically the treatment of option related – stock option related compensation. And really, what it is, is that essentially the expensing of it for tax purposes is dealt with using a fair market value of the options as they're exercised. And so, when your stock price has been doing as well as it has throughout the year and you see naturally a level of stock-option exercising, you then will see this benefit run through your effective tax rate. This actually has always been part of the accounting. It's just that previously to January, when the new accounting came into place, it was run through equity and not through your earnings. And so, companies now are seeing this affect their tax rate. And so, that's a very difficult thing to project and predict. In general, one could say, if your stock price is traveling at these high levels and you expect there to be a natural level of continued option exercising, you should see a natural benefit. But internally, I would tell you, we're not planning for that, because it can be quite variable.
Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mr. Sean Dargan of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks and good morning. Since the FAB, there's been an election in Japan. Just was wondering if you give your thoughts on if that played out the way you thought it would and if there are going to be any changes in policy that would affect your business.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: Koide, is somebody over there? Is Charles on the line or you want to take it? How are you going to do it?
Masatoshi Koide - Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: This is Koide again from Aflac Japan. The fact that LDP that Prime Minster Abe is leading, we were expecting that his party will win. So, as a result, since Abe administration will continue and his economic policy is not likely to change significantly, as a result, we are not seeing any material impact to our business. That's it from me.
Daniel P. Amos - Aflac, Inc.: We're very happy with the results.
Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we don't have any questions on queue. I will turn the call over back to Mr. David Young.
David Young - Aflac, Inc.: Thank you. And before we end the call today, I'd like to remind everyone of our upcoming outlook call at 9:00 a.m. on December 1. Until then, please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations department with any questions. And we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you, all.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 09:56:00) =====
Executives: David Young - IR Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Fred Crawford - EVP and CFO Teresa White - President, Aflac US Eric Kirsch - EVP and Global CIO Todd Daniels - EVP, Global CRO and Chief Actuary Masatoshi Koide - President and COO, Aflac Japan
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Seth Weiss - Bank of America John Nadel - Credit Suisse Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Ryan Krueger - KBW Suneet Kamath - Citi Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Sean Dargan - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Young: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me this morning from the US are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S., Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer and Todd Daniels, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary. Joining us from Tokyo are Masatoshi Koide, President and COO of Aflac Japan and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors Page of aflac.com and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, David. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that the second quarter concluded a strong first half of the year for Aflac. So now, let me provide an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Despite the low persistent interest rate environment, Aflac Japan generated solid financial results for both the quarter and first half of the year. In yen terms, the results on an operating basis were ahead of expectations for the quarter.  I'm also very pleased with Aflac Japan’s robust third quarter sales increase of 5.8% increase in the quarter, rounding out a strong increase of 6.6 for the year. Sales in the quarter continued to benefit from the launch of the revised core [ph] medical product, EVER, continued strong cancer results fueled by our alliance with Japan Post and sales of income support insurance, our third sector product offering that we introduced in July of 2016. Turning to first sector savings products, you'll recall that we've been focused on pulling products from select channels and have aggressively reprised our ways [indiscernible] factoring in the recognition of a prolonged low interest rate environment. Aflac Japan continued to make significant progress, controlling the sales of the first sector savings type products, which is reported by decrease of about 78% of the total first sector sales in the quarter.  Regarding distribution channels, we had meaningful production across all channels, which further affirms our leading position in the third sector market. Our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success and our alliance partners have also made contributions to our sales results. Last week, I had the pleasure of travelling to Tokyo to provide my full support of Aflac’s new management team. It was an excellent trip and while I met with key stakeholders, including Aflac Japan associates, the employees, our alliance partners of Daiichi Life in Japan Post and others. With respect to Japan Post, in 2013, when we first announced our strategic alliance, I noted that the partnership would provide an important source of growth for the company today and value our customers. I've said at the time that it would be a game changer.  Today, I'm pleased to say that the second quarter of 2017 exceeded our expectations and was the largest producing quarter today through the Japan Post alliance. Against that backdrop, during my time in Tokyo, I reaffirmed with Japan Post CEO, [indiscernible] the importance of strategic alliance and was pleased to hear that he was in agreement to further strengthen our win-win cancer insurance partnership. With such an extensive distribution network that includes Japan Post, 20,000 postal outlet selling our cancer insurance, we were furthering our goal to be where people want to buy insurance. Looking ahead, Aflac Japan’s focus will remain on selling our third sector profits along with first sector protection products, both of which are less interest rate sensitive and have strong stable margins. We will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce innovative new third sector products to maintain our market leading position. As we communicate, we view Aflac Japan’s long-term compound annual growth rate in the third sector as being a range of 4% to 6%. Turning to our US operations, we're pleased with the financial performance, continued strength and the profitability of Aflac US. Like Japan, our financial results for Aflac US on an operating basis were ahead of our expectations, which is particularly notable and that they reflect ongoing investment in our platform. We're continuing to see our platform investments pay off in the form of improved persistency and customer satisfaction. Customer feedback shows that a whopping 95% of our policyholders who use one day pays that they are likely to refer other people to Aflac, which will continue to differentiate and bolster our powerful brand and policyholder trust. Independent research continues to show that there is no doubt American consumers need cash quickly and paying claims fast and fairly distinguishes us from the competition. With respect to the career agent activity, we continue to focus agents on groups with fewer than 100 hundred employees. I believe this market is Aflac’s to grow because our career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to access and therefore succeed with smaller employers. We've also increased our career sales adoption of our Everwell enrolment platform, which in turn has increased account penetration in the accounts with less than 100 workers. Turning to broker activity, great progress has been made by our team of broker sales professionals in strengthening Aflac’s relationships with large broker community. Given the positive results we've seen with our efforts with large broker space, we’ve continued to expand our broker sales team with new sales designed to focus on the mid-broker space. I'm pleased with the progress we've made in that space and expect to gain traction in the second half of the year. With new annualized premium sales increase of 2.4% in the quarter and 2.1% for the first half of the year, it’s below our target of our long term CAGR increase of 3% to 5%. We believe though we're in the right track with the strategy for growth we implemented in both our career and our broker channels. We will continue to make tactical adjustments to meet our long term sales growth objectives. Turning to capital deployment, Fred will provide more details shortly, but let me just say that we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our stakeholders. We continue to anticipate that we will repurchase in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of our shares in 2017. As is always the case, this is in stable capital conditions and the absence of any compelling alternatives. Before I turn the call over to Fred, I’d like to take a moment to reiterate that Aflac’s people have always been our greatest assets and we place high priority on ensuring we have the right people in the right roles at the right time. As you all know, Paul left Aflac during the quarter to become a partner in a private equity firm. As CEO, I want you to know that we have a tremendous management team currently in place and no matter how strong our team is, we are continually striving to strengthen our bench to ensure that we are prepared for the future. This entails balancing the knowledge and skillset inside the organization with the expertise and fresh ideas of new people who join our business. I am excited about our management team and I look forward to telling you more about their strengths at the FAB meeting in September. And now, I’ll turn the program over to Fred to cover the financial results. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Our earnings results for the second quarter came in above our expectations, driven primarily by strong insurance margins, both in Japan and the US. We reported operating EPS of $1.83 per diluted share, which included a favorable tax item in the quarter that contributed approximately $0.05 per share. The tax item represents the release of certain tax reserves associated with prior tax years that closed in the second quarter. Offsetting this somewhat was a weaker yen impacting the quarter's results negatively by $0.02 a share when compared to last year's quarter.  Even after adjusting for the tax item, our earnings per share were up over 9% on a currency neutral basis. We booked approximately 8 million in pretax costs associated with our Japan branch conversion, coming in below our estimates, but largely timing related. The conversion remains on track for a mid-2018 closing and there is no change to our original guidance on conversion costs of 120 million to 130 million pretax. Conversion costs will pick up in the second half of the year and into the first half of 2018 as we approach closing.  In our Japan segment, premium weakness in the period was largely attributed to our first sector savings product WAYS and a portion of our block reaching paid up status. This alone contributed to a JPY14.5 billion decline in first sector premium in the quarter. We are in the peak year of savings policies reaching paid up status and our estimate -- and we estimate for 2017, the premium impact will be approximately JPY55 billion to JPY60 billion. Third sector earned premium continues to grow, up approximately 2% or JPY5.5 billion in the quarter.  Our Japan segment profitability was strong in the second quarter with pretax margins approaching 21%. Benefit ratios in Japan were favorable and partially the result of a premium mix and the shift from first sector towards third sector, which carries a lower benefit ratio. There's an opposite impact on the expense ratio, modestly increasing in the quarter and pressured by an overall decline in revenue. As a reminder, while the paid up product impacts revenue, we have booked a deferred profit liability that amortizes into earnings and serves to largely mitigate any bottom line impact.  Setting aside the paid up policy dynamic, we continue to experience favorable loss ratios and are focused on managing expenses in the face of revenue weakness. Japan's investment income decreased consistent with our guidance, reflecting lower reinvestment yields in Japan, increased hedge costs versus prior year and the fourth quarter 2016’s switch trade, selling higher yielding bonds and investing proceeds in JGBs as we build out our floating rate portfolio during 2017.  We continue to make progress on the build out of the floating rate portfolio and have invested approximately $415 million through June with a building pipeline of commitments through year end. We have locked in over 90% of our anticipated hedge cost in 2017 and are on pace to come in at or modestly below our full year guidance range of 250 million to 270 million. While we have benefited modestly from favorable pricing, we are building out a fully hedged floating rate portfolio throughout the year and reserve the flexibility in our forecast to lock in more of our 2018 costs as the year proceeds.  We therefore are forecasting run rate hedge cost to increase in the second half of the year. Executing on our refreshed hedging strategy is beginning to yield results in the way of less volatile net investment income. Eric will expand on our investment strategy, optimizing our US dollar portfolio in Japan and related hedging strategy at this year's financial analyst briefing in September. Turning to the US, Dan commented on our sales results, which together with persistency up nearly 1% over the prior year, drove premium growth of approximately 2%. Benefit ratios were strong, both in the quarter and year to date. We are currently running favorable to our outlook call guidance range of 52% to 53%. Our expense ratio calmed down from the first quarter levels with year-to-date performance within our guidance range of 34% to 35%. Our expense ratio reflects progress on certain platform investments, including our group administrative platform, enrollment platform and related technology. Overall, our US pretax profit margin of 21% is very strong by historical standards and sets us up for a solid result in 2017.  Our capital ratios remain strong, SMR in the 985% range and RBC estimated in the mid-800% range at quarter end. We ended the quarter with 1.8 billion of excess liquidity at the holding company, which includes 500 million of contingent capital. Leverage remains at the low end of our policy range of 20% to 25%, consistent with securing our strong ratings. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remained strong with only a modest level of impairments in the quarter.  We repurchased $200 million of stock in the second quarter and remain comfortably on track to repurchase 1.3 billion to 1.5 billion for the year. Our repurchase slowed in the second quarter, a result of stepping out of the market, pending certain executive announcements. When we entered back into the market, we tactically elected not to pressure our trading volume and are spreading repurchase out over the course of the year. Including our dividend, we are reaffirming our guidance of deploying 2 billion to 2.2 billion to shareholders in 2017. Finally, I want to reiterate our 2017 earnings guidance of $6.40 to $6.65 per share on a currency neutral basis. While affirming our operating EPS guidance, we are certainly tracking to the high side of our range, but we are only midway through the year and we'll update accordingly. Looking ahead, we remain well positioned in terms of our core margins and capital strength, consistent or tracking favorable to our December outlook call guidance. I’ll now hand off to David to take us to Q&A. David?
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now, we are ready to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] We will now take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question for Teresa. US sales obviously is still modest, but seem like they're getting a little bit better. To what extent are you confident that this is the beginning of a turnaround or do you still have to wait and see how things progress in the second half of the year and in the fourth quarter to be comfortable that you'll be able to meet or exceed your guidance?
Teresa White: Jimmy, thank you for the question. I feel good about -- feel there are some positive results, underlying metrics that we're seeing right now. I do however and I've said in previous conference calls I want to see the last half of the year, I want to see how that materializes. I believe that we've seen traction with regard to the career agent side where we've improved our veteran engagement. They are generally the salesforce that's riding in our existing accounts, but we're seeing that underlying metric move in positive direction. We talked about the conversion of new associates to producers in 2015.  If you recall, we adjusted the compensation to ensure that we were paying for a producer versus a recruit and we're seeing some positive traction there. But then I think I talked about two other things, the broker channel, that mid-market channel, we called out as an area that we needed to work on. We've increased staff there by 25%. Those folks are on boarded. They've been trained. They're now in the market, working with those market directors. That needs to materialize and I feel good about what I'm seeing so far and then the last thing was public sector.  That was an area that we needed to ensure that we defended that part of our in force and continued to grow. We have hired a department head for public sector. We've developed a strategy that we believe is going to be competitive in that market space and we're already starting to see some traction as it relates to new RFPs or quotes in that sector. So again, I think that we're going in the right direction. I feel pretty good about that, but I do -- I would like to see how all of this materializes in the fourth quarter, in the third and fourth quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: And on the sales reps that you added for midsize brokers, did that contribute at all to second quarter results or were they not on boarded for most of the quarter?
Teresa White: They were not on boarded for most of the quarter, but I will say that the focus on mid-market brokerage did help us with a lift. But I would not say that they contributed terribly in the second half, in the second quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then lastly just on all the talk about healthcare reform, have you seen or do you expect to see a situation where that causes sort of disruption in the market or causes businesses to defer adding new benefits?
Teresa White: I think at this point in time, what we're seeing is that businesses are continuing to move forward as they’ve moved forward in the past. There's not a lot of new activity except for as we've all seen, there's not been a decision made, no repeal, no reply. So we're moving forward, we're not seeing anything that we feel at this point in time will impede our sales activities and impede us from being in the range that we've already quoted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally: Question on the loss ratios in both the US and Japan. We're seeing those ratios coming well below your original guidance. So hoping to get some color on what's driving that and the sustainability looking forward.
Fred Crawford: Sure. Nigel, it’s Fred. We did indeed experience favorable benefit ratios in the quarter. Let me just start with the US. We are tracking a bit below our 52% to 53% range as I mentioned and that's really related to favorable claims trends, but also coupled with a natural slowing of IBNR build as those favorable claims trends play out. I would say that it's not uncommon in any particular quarter that things may break to the positive or break to the negative when it comes to the various IBNR adjustments in particular that you make and claims trends in this particular quarter certainly we experienced trends breaking to the positive. But having said that, we have had a sustained period of benefit ratio performance really at that low end of the range I mentioned and that would be our expectation as we go through the year. So we are expecting to see benefit ratios climb back towards our range guidance for the US, but should end the year at the favorable side of that range of 52% to 53%. In Japan, we've got a different dynamic going on and that is yes, we have continued favorable trends and related claims and IBNR related activity. And certainly, you saw it actually dipped down a little bit in the quarter. But what we really have going on right now is a bit of a business mix issue and as we see the premium levels come down in first sector, particularly related to the WAYS paid up product and a outperformance on the sales side and really a continuous level of outperformance building the earned premium on third sector, that shift in mix is causing there to be downward pressure on the benefit ratio.  We would estimate for example in the quarter roughly 100 basis points perhaps 100 to 120 basis points or so of benefit ratio improvement just related to that shift in mix between third sector and first sector premium. Because we're in this peak period of paid up policies throughout 2017, that favorable pressure on our benefit ratio may continue for a period throughout this year. And so that's why we're suggesting that we are probably going to end up at the low side of our benefit ratio range in Japan as well that outlook call range was 71% to 73%. Now having said that, third sector benefit ratios were effectively flat. So we are seeing favorable claim activity, but this had really more to do with the mix issue than necessarily materially improved claims trend in the quarter itself.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: I want to start first with guidance and reiterating guidance. Considering the strong beats in both the first quarter and the second quarter, reiteration of guidance, even if we look at the very high end of the range, so just probably a slower pace in the back half of the year than I think most of us were modeling. Just curious if this is a matter of call it prudence, not changing guidance midway through the year or is this a reflection of a much heavier ramp up in investment spend than perhaps we originally anticipated?
Fred Crawford: Yeah. What you should not read into our holding to guidance or what I said the high side of our guidance, what you should not read into it is some sort of a sharp right or left turn in our strategy or pace of investment in the second half of the year. Really what you have going on is a few things. One as mentioned, we've kicked off in the first half of the year at a relatively lower rate of hedge costs.  We would expect that to naturally build up as we go throughout the year. Now granted we're running at or maybe slightly below our guidance range of 250 to 270, but we would expect that to build naturally and that has a lot to do with the pace of build-out of our floating rate portfolio, which we would expect to be 100% hedged. We also have been gradually locking in more of our long-term hedge costs, which is a bit more expensive and while we are experiencing favorable pricing, that will pressure a little bit of your expenses as you go throughout the year.  So that will be in front of us on the back half as I mentioned in my comments. In our press release and in my comments, we've talked about the fact that there will be a gradual pick up in the level of expenses in the business. This is not really abnormal. We tend to see this every year. Some of it is related to promotional spend, new product launch spend in Japan in particular, but also the natural progress of various initiatives across the company related to IT and operations, particularly in the US. So we'll see that climb and pressure a bit as we go. But to your question of conservatism, when your outperformance is largely on the back of strong benefit ratios in the US and Japan, it stands to reason that you're going to be somewhat cautious in your expectation for reverting back to your long term views of benefit ratios. And so, we absolutely are assuming that there will be a migration back to probably the low end of our benefit ratios in Japan and the US and that will be different than what we experienced in the second quarter. So that's within our numbers, but we'll do what we always do. It is midway through the year and as we continue to see the business progress and we see more permanency in the numbers, particularly around benefit ratios, we’ll update accordingly.
Seth Weiss: That's very helpful. And then Fred, if I could just follow-up on the last question on Japan margins and the commentary about the 100 to 120 basis points improvement due to the mix is really helpful. Is that sort of rebase that becomes permanently part of the earnings stream or is there some dynamic in terms of how that deferred profit liability amortizes in where that flows in the benefit ratio kind of naturally rises if we’re looking outer years.
Fred Crawford: Eventually, the numerator and denominator dynamics of premium falling off with paid up status and the amortization of the deferred profit liability will eventually slow and pace in accordance with the - with policies reaching paid up. I might note that even though it's far off in the distance we have not only five pay ways, but ten pay ways and so we'll come back to this equation down the road as ten pay products starts to reach paid up status albeit I don't think as pronounced as the five pay product. What I would say is in our future is that as time goes on, we would expect to see a fundamental change in the mix of earned premium if you will between third sector and first sector and that will influence and be more a permanent part if you will of our benefit ratios. I do want to remind you that while first sector product carried higher benefit ratios that also carried lower expense ratios. And so you will see that dynamic play out. In my mind and what we're doing as a management team is in the face of obviously some slowed revenue increase related to our first sector strategy, we have to be attentive overtime to our expense structure and continue to manage that. And we certainly are paying attention to that. The team in Japan is actively working and engaged. We’ll expel more of that out as we move forward, but that's something we have to be careful about and are paying attention to. But overall profit margins are expected to remain strong and we're very pleased with the results. And we also think this shift is very much in the best interest of shareholders. One thing you don't see in our results is the gradual lifting cash flow and FSA earnings which comes from shifting our mix to a lower capital intensive product and better profitability and that will pay dividends as this time goes on.
Operator: And our next question is from John Nadel with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open sir.
John Nadel: So two questions, one I just wanted to talk about the US dollar denominated investments hedged in Aflac Japan. Could you just give us an update on what the total dollar amount of the hedge program was in 2Q and where you expect that to end the year as you continue to work on the floating rate portion and I assume that dollar amount will grow?
Dan Amos: It will grow, I'll ask Eric to comment on the trajectory of the build in the portfolio.
Eric Kirsch: John, current side is about $22.8 billion. By year end, based on current projections, we’ll probably get to about 24.5 or so in the majority of new assets that will go in will be floating rate assets between transitional real estate and middle market loans.
John Nadel: Just as a real quick follow up on that one, Eric, that's the total size of the US dollar denominated program but that's not the hedged piece is it?
Eric Kirsch: Well that's correct, I apologize. So currently about 52% is hedged and 49% is unhedged.
John Nadel: And that ratio should increase I assume?
Dan Amos: It should because what we are building in the floating rate portfolio is by definition intended to be 100% hedged. The only thing that would change that is if we were to make any tactical decisions around the hedge ratio. But if you just roll the ball forward or play the ball forward, the portfolio grows to 24.5 billion because it's growing on the back of a couple billion growth rate in the floating rate portfolio and that is 100% hedged. You'll see that notional climb from its roughly 11 billion range up towards 12.5ish plus.
Eric Kirsch: Those changes are already contemplated and forecast in our full-year hedge forecast which Fred mentioned earlier.
John Nadel: And then back to Japan and the margins, Fred, just a quick one thinking about that sort of the natural shift. So certainly seeing the impact on the benefit ratio that’s come down and I think you mentioned maybe 100 or 120 basis points. So the lion share of that improvement in the benefit ratio really driven by shift as opposed to favorable claims activity. What I guess we're really not seeing and I'm wondering if you expect that we should see more of it is the expense ratio is up a little bit on a year over year basis if I think first half versus first half. Should we expect that the expense ratio is going to increase a little bit more, again driven by that shift.
Fred Crawford: The way I would think about expense ratio, now remember, expense ratio is up against total revenue. So you also have debt investment income playing into that, which also includes hedge cost now. So, with the switch rate for example and sort of a slowing down of debt investment income to then build back up you'll see some natural short-term pressure to that expense ratio. But as we see premium levels pressured because of the paid up status throughout this year and continues on a bit into next year and net investment income while recovering still being down from historical standards, we would expect the expense ratio to still be pressured and remain in that range that we've forecasted of 19% to 20% range. So it may climb before it comes down. What we're busy working on is IT and operational investments that we would expect over time to start to pay off in the way of yielding expense benefits. And we're going to need to be attentive to the overall expense structure we have that surrounded in particular first sector savings product as that starts to ratchet back. Now we continue to launch new product, the income product that Dan mentioned, we continue to refresh our core medical and cancer product and we're always exploring where there may be new avenues of growth rate on the third sector side. And so we may have some reallocation of expenses over time. But we have to be attentive to the revenue realities and that will mean managing expenses. So right now I would stick to this notion of 19% to 20%, we're traveling a bit on the low side of that. But I would expect it to probably pick up a bit as we go throughout the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Just to follow on the benefit ratios dynamic in Japan. So I appreciate the comment about the ways, the five pay ways kind of getting to paid of status and how they're going to shift the dynamics a little bit. But at the same time I would expect that would be your expectation kind of factoring into the 2017 guidance. So looking at your sector sales being more robust in kind of the first half of the year, how much of that accelerated that mix shift that we've seen year-to-date.
Dan Amos: So I mean the way I would think about it is when we went into our outlook call and therefore our guidance we guided to a range of 71% to 73% for our benefit ratio in Japan. And in the first quarter we posted 71.7% and in the second quarter we dipped down to 70.5. And so there's obviously a lot of attention being paid to the second quarter and whether there was something of a more permanent nature there. But I'll just remind you of the fact that we did in fact see a good level paid up policies in the first quarter. And our benefit ratio was 71.7%. So our view is that we will travel on the low end of that range of 71 to 73, but we would expect the benefit ratio to kind of come back to those 71, 72 levels as we go throughout the year.  So we did in fact see good favorable claims results in the second quarter that then led also to IBNR breaking to the positive if you will i.e. lowering IBNR. IBNR trends are slowing the pace of increase in IBNR. So did have some of those what I would call normal positive or favorable results, but it was just pumped up by really the mix now really taking traction and bringing it down by another 100 points. So hopefully that helps, but you are seeing some favorability. As I mentioned I do expect to travel in the low end of our range, but I would expect a bit of a tick up from what we're seeing in the second quarter.
Humphrey Lee: So in other words, the strong sales that we've seen in the fourth quarter or the first two quarters of this year that had relatively limited impacts to that mix shift is just more about the pay off status of those five pay ways, is that correct?
Dan Amos: That’s right, you can sort of see at this quarter, the strength of our third sector sales contributed a bit over 5 billion yen to the earned premium while the paid up status of our product dropped the first sector savings premium by 14.5 billion yen. So there's a bit of a disproportionate amount of shift because we're in that peak year of paid up policies here in 2017, so that will start to calm down.
Humphrey Lee: And then just to stay on the sector sales a little bit. So sales continue to be pretty strong even though my understanding is that the Japanese market is getting more competitive in this third sector products as many other players are shifting their focus to this area. Can you just talk about in addition to kind of the successful relationship with Japan Post, anything that is notable that you’re seeing the held you to deliver such a strong sector sales in the first half of the year.
Dan Amos: Well, would say that my meeting with Japan Post CEO was a very strong meeting and one that is encouraging to continue to see growth in the cancer insurance market with them. And the potential seems to be even stronger than what we first thought and have a longer tail on it in terms of continued penetration. Maybe Koide would like to make some comment some Japan. Koide, are you on?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Koide from Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] So as Dan mentioned, the reason why we have been very successful in the first half of this year is, one, is of course JP. [Foreign Language] Another contributor was the medical product that we've launched in February. [Foreign Language] This is because of the new product effect. [Foreign Language] That’s it from me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead sir.
Ryan Krueger: I had a follow up on the medical product, the revised EVER. I guess the sales, you talked in the past about shorter sales cycles for medical products, I guess it's been a few months now, just help give -- hoping for some perspective on kind of how much longer you think the new product can resonate before kind of it reaches the end of the natural selling cycle for medical in Japan.
Dan Amos: Well, the nice thing about adding a third pillar with allows us to cycle different products at different times. So it's not just medical, but then we entered this in cancer and then we back off and go to a new medical again, but Todd, you want to make any comment about the life expectancy of the products.
Todd Daniels: Thanks Dan. I think if you go back and look at what we have in our fab sub materials you can see how many quarters you get from a repricing. Back in 2015, you can see third quarter medical sales around 9.1 billion yen, and that stayed at a relatively high amount until we came out with a substandard medical in second quarter 2016. So you're going to see the natural pacing of the product probably for a few quarters. But one thing I’d point out with this is the channel differences. So we're focused on the Japan Post selling the cancer product and the good results we saw there. But what we have different now that we haven't had in the past is the associate channel is focused on selling the medical product, while contributing to cancer cells. So you have both cancer and medical products up for the year, which is something we haven't been able to enjoy in the past.
Ryan Krueger: And then quick one Eric, can you just give us a sense of what new hedges are casting at this point that you're putting on for the US dollar portfolio and how much of the 2018 costs are locked in?
Eric Kirsch: First the second question about 51%, 52% of ’18 is locked in. As Fred mentioned, we continually look at that throughout the year. So we'll expect to even make deposits on that and get that locked in percentage higher as we get into fab and to the earnings outlook call. With respect to current costs, we've been fortunate because the kind of pick at the end of last year. And if you think about the macros, US had an outlook at the year-end of very high growth, the Fed lifting rates perhaps three times. Japan being stabilized, the cross currency basis came in a bit. So hedge costs are actually running lower now than they were at the beginning of the year in our forecast. When you look at longer term hedges, which is a place where we’re focused for the longer dated assets, you're looking at a little over 2% like 2.05. When you're looking at shorter dated hedges like three month hedges which is what will be focused on later in the year for our floating rate assets. You're currently looking at about 170 basis point.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead, sir. Mr. Dargan your line is now open.
Dan Amos: Why don’t we go onto the next question.
Operator: Next question is from Mr. Suneet Kamath from Citi. Your line is now open, please.
Suneet Kamath: Question for Teresa on the US business, good to hear that things are moving in the right direction. But if I think of your 3% to 5% sales growth long term target. It's quite a bit lower than where I would argue Unum has been running. And I would say that there's lots of similarities in terms of the business mixes. One thing that Unum does differently is I think they've really separated the brokerage business from the traditional agent channel, just wondering if that's a strategy that maybe you guys should be thinking about in terms of more of that delineation between the two channels given prior comments around channel conflict.
Teresa White: Well certainly, so what I look at is the market and I get your question, the market forecasts to grow about 6%, broker growth is about 8% to 9%. And Aflac broker growth is already within that range. So we are internally looking at the broker side of the business as well as the career side of the business. But we have the fortune of having one of the largest distribution forces and career agents selling over 70% of our business. So that's a large base to grow over and so that's why when we looked at our guidance, we believe that the guidance of the 3% to 5% is reasonable. And it's really the difference in our distribution mix at this point in time. So, I think that’s kind of what I'll share as it relates to distribution.
Dan Amos: I'd like to make one other comment, the thing that’s so great about our company is our brand, but it also is a liability in one respect. Certain companies can break their brands apart with different ones but the companies don't necessarily have great brand recognition themselves, so it doesn't make any difference. In our case everyone wants Aflac and wants the Aflac does because they know our name. So in our case, with brokers and individual agents no one won't for example See CAIC which is our Aflac group, they don't want the name CAIC, they want to name the Aflac Group because of that brand. So our channel conflict is somewhat to do with the brand itself and that if we had separate brands and we thought about that. But as you can imagine everyone likes to be able to go into an account and be able to say the name of the company and they immediately know who it is and like the brand. So that give us some pause but at the same time it's worth because we feel like on the other hand that's why we're number one in the market by far in terms of what we're doing.
Suneet Kamath: And then just a follow up on that. From time to time we do hear about acquisition possibilities in the group side, particularly in the brokerage business. I know you did CAIC a while ago, but would it make sense to think about something a little bit bigger and kind of jump start your brokerage sales. Acknowledging that Teresa said that you're already running a little bit higher than in the market overall.
Fred Crawford: This is Fred, I'll take that question and Teresa welcome any comments you have. But the most common discussion around our name from time to time is the notion of True Group if you will as opposed to differentiated from the group business we have in South Carolina. This would be True Group Life, short of long term disability and we have for a while had to contemplate strategically the importance of that product and how it plays into our business model particularly as you go up market and into the brokerage space. And we effectively had what amounted to a build buy or partner decision framework, the build was not very practical because it would take a lot of time nor do we possess necessarily the expertise and infrastructure to support that type of business. The buy is not appealing because the premiums associated with purchasing large group players is very significant comes with integration, issues and risk, and we don't think argues for the company's capital. And so what we have done is we are on a path of partnering on True Group products such that we can offer that product to the brokerage space under the Aflac. By partner meaning we partner on the administrative side, but also on the risk taking side. When you're Aflac looking at that business the thin margins and occasionally volatile results that come with True Group aren’t particularly appealing, they may be appealing to a company that is in other types of business and looking to diversify. But to us, they don't necessarily argue for capital let alone overpaying or paying a tremendous premium for the property. So we've gone down the partner route and you'll hear more about that over time. I think thus far the only announcement we've made is with Trustmark on a life-LTC related - I came out of Lincoln so those of you familiar with MoneyGuard know it's that type of a product offering which has become popular in the work site. And that's the type of parting will do as we go forward to measure up against the market. But it just doesn't argue for our capital to be a buyer at this time and take on that risk nor can we afford the time it takes to build. So we've chosen the partner route.
Teresa White: I think the only thing I'll add to that is in September, I think we can bring a little bit more color to the question of broker versus career and the strategy overall, so we’ll do that.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Erik Bass: Dan, I was hoping that you could expand on your comments about looking for ways to strengthen the partnership with Japan Post. And so wondering are there potential new product opportunities or potential opportunities to expand that. If you could comment a little bit.
Dan Amos: Well, we didn't really go there at this particular time when we were having our meetings because we think there's still enormous amount of potential with [indiscernible]. But certainly we would like to have discussions in that area, but as you know they sell their all medical products right now. So I think that would be a much harder thing to consider for anyone including us. So right now we just want to get to those 20,000 offices and make sure we're penetrating it and they are committed to continue that going forward. You are exactly right, as big as that distribution channel is, we’re always keeping our ears open to see if they ever had any consideration for doing that, we would do everything we could to open that channel and open that door with them.
Erik Bass: I know you can't comment on specific sales levels for the post, but can you give any sense of how penetrated you are in the channel today, now that you've had access to the full 20,000 post locations for a bit. How close are you to being fully penetrated in the channel?
Dan Amos: I really, I can't speak on that, but I don't know either because it's something new that's never - there's never been a partnership like this. They've never done a deal where they let everybody have all 20,000 post offices. So what the penetration is, I don't know, but the thing I will reiterate is, here we are been in this program this long and we had a record this quarter. So I don't think it's over is the main thing. Everybody is wondering when it's going to hit down and it doesn't seem to be headed down, it seems to be going up. Of course that can’t go on forever, but I'm certainly encouraged about that. The one thing that we always talk about on these calls is how negative interest rates or low interest rates are killing us or everybody, not just us Aflac, but the industry as a whole, it's terrible. But the products that we sell in the third sector are less interest rate sensitive and so it's helped us with our last partners, all of them. Here's a product that they can sell that will help them financially, help us financially and it's a win-win. So I think that will continue going forward and I'm excited about that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mr. Sean Dargan with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open, sir.
Sean Dargan: I had a question about the income support product. Ultimately what will this do to be the benefit ratio, will this change that mix shift at all. I mean how big can this product get and I guess this is my question.
Todd Daniels: I would not hold your breath on the income product adjusting our benefit ratio anytime soon just given the sheer size of the earned premium build over it but…
Dan Amos: And I’d like Koide to talk about the potential of the product, but why don’t you go ahead and answer.
Todd Daniels: The benefit ratio for the income support is expected to be in line with our other third sector products, somewhere between medical and cancer. And again because of the sheer size of it today, there would have to be a material amount of sales of income support which I think we'd all enjoy in order to effect the benefit ratio in anyway a regular third sector sale would.
Dan Amos: Koide, would you like to comment on the potential of that market?
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] Right now this income support product market itself is still in development stage. And we intend on developing it into a third pillar over the medium to long term perspective. [Foreign Language] That’s all from us.
Dan Amos: It's just too early to tell at this particular point and we're encouraged with it initially. Any time a new product comes out they generally have a spike in it and our agents go to the path of lease resistance. So as you've seen in the past when we introduced medical, cancer drops off, we introduce a new cancer, medical drops off. We introduce this, it hurts the others. So they move and we've never cared as a company where they go. But the potential of taking this on to this large customer base of ours has enormous potential, but it's still too early to tell how successful it's going to be, but I'm certainly excited about it and think it has the potential long term.
Operator: At this point speakers, there are no questions in the phone.
Dan Amos: Thank you very much. Before we end the call today, I'd like to remind everyone of our upcoming financial analyst briefing in New York on September 28. For further details or any questions please contact our investor and rating agency relations department and we hope to see you all there. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Young - Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations Daniel Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger - President Paul Amos - President, Aflac Teresa White - President, Aflac U.S. Frederick Crawford - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Eric Kirsch - Executive Vice President, Chief Global Investment Officer Todd Daniels - Executive Vice President, Global Chief Risk Officer Hiroshi Yamauchi - President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan Masatoshi Koide - Deputy President of Aflac Japan Koji Ariyoshi - Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing of Aflac Japan
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities, Inc. Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Suneet Kamath - Citigroup Tom Gallagher - Evercore ISI John Nadel - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to our Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. And I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. David Young, Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Young: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S., and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Chief Global Investment Officer. Joining us from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan; Masatoshi Koide, Deputy President of Aflac Japan; and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investor Page of aflac.com and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Dan. We’ll begin with Dan.
Daniel Amos: Thank you, David. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that the first quarter 2017 kicked off a good start to the year for Aflac. I will lead off by briefly highlighting two changes in the senior management, you've probably heard about. Earlier this month, we welcome Max Broden to Aflac as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. We also announced earlier this week that Koide-san, Deputy President of Aflac Japan will assume the role of President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan on July 1. As Yamauchi-san assumes the Vice Chairman's role. Fred and Paul will comment more on this shortly, and you'll hear from Koide-san as well. We are excited to welcome them both into the new roles and we look forward to their contributions to Aflac. Now turning to the results and operations. We are pleased with the Company's overall performance for the first quarter. Our results are consistent with what we communicated on the December outlook call. From a segment perspective, I'll start with Aflac Japan our largest earnings contributor. Despite the persistent low interest rate environment Aflac Japan generated solid financial results. In the end-terms results on an operating basis were consistent with our expectations for the quarter. I'm also very pleased with Aflac Japan better-than-expected third quarter sales increase of 7.6%. Production was solid across all channels, which further affirms our leading position in the third sector market. Sales in the quarter benefited from the February 20 introduction of our revised EVER and get products. Results also benefited from sales of our latest third sector product called income support insurance. As you may recall, this product provide fixed benefit amounts should a policyholder be unable to work due to significant illness or injury. It was developed to supplement the disability coverage provided through Japan’s social security system. Our income support insurance targets consumers in their 20s through 40s, which is a segment of the population where we’ve underrepresented. Income support insurance has been favorably received and we believe this product can potentially develop into a new product pillar over the long-term. Turning to the first sector savings products, you will recall that we proactively pulled products from select channel and aggressively re-priced our wave and child endowment products, factoring in the reality of a prolonged low interest rate environment. Aflac Japan continue to make notable progress limiting the sale of first sector savings products reflecting a decrease of 81.3% in the quarter. Regarding distribution channels, our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success. Our alliance partners has also made significant contributions to our sales results with such an extensive distribution network that includes Japan's post 20,000 plus postal outlets, selling our cancer insurance, we are furthering our goal to be where people want to buy insurance. As we look ahead Aflac Japan's focus will remain on selling our third sector products along with first sector protection products, both of which are less interest rate sensitive and have strong and stable margins. We will continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduced innovative new third sector products to maintain our market leadership. As we communicated, we view Aflac Japan's long-term compound growth rate in the third sector is being in the range of 4% to 6%. Turning to our U.S. operations, we are pleased with the financial performance and continued strength in profitability. Our financial results on an operating basis are in line with our expectations, which is particularly notable and they are reflected in ongoing investment in our platform. We began to see our platform payoff in the form of improved persistency and customer satisfaction. Whopping 95% of our policyholders who use one-day pay say they likely to refer people to Aflac which will encourage us to continue to differentiate and reinforce our strong brand and policyholder trust. Independent research continues to show there is no doubt American consumers need cash quickly and paying claims fast and fairly sets us apart from the competition. With respect to career agent activity, we continue to focus agents on groups with fewer than 100 employees. I believe this market is Aflac's to grow because our career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with these smaller employers. We also increased our career sales agents’ adoption of our Everwell enrollment platform, which in turn has increased our account penetration in our accounts with less than 100 workers. In terms of our broker activity, our team of brokers, sales professionals had made great progress in successfully expanding Aflac's relationship with the large broker community. Based on the positive results we've seen in the large broker space, we are extending our broker sales team with new roles designed to focus on the mid brokers space. While our sales increased 1.7% in the quarter is below our target of our long-term CAGR increase of 3% to 5%. We believe the strategy for growth we implemented in both career and broker sales is right one. We also will continue to make tactical adjustments to meet our long-term growth objectives. I want to reiterate that we continue to target for the long-term compound annual growth of 3% to 5% we provided on our December outlook call. Turning to our capital deployment, Fred will provide more detail shortly, but let me just say that we remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of the stakeholders. We continue to anticipate that will repurchase in the range of $1.3 million to $1.5 billion of our shares in 2017 with the majority taking place in the first half of the year. As is always the case, this assumes the stable capital conditions and the absence of any compelling alternatives. As we shared last week, last year was the 34th consecutive year in which we increased cash dividends. Our objective remains to grow the dividend at a rate generally in line with the increase in the operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of foreign currency. You've heard me say that my job is the balance between the interests of all stakeholders. Just as we've done a good job of that in the past, I believe we're going to do it again in 2017 by delivering on our promise to our policyholder and enhancing shareholder value. I’ve conclude by reiterating that and I'm more excited today than I have ever been about the future of Aflac. And now I’ll turn the program over to Fred.
Frederick Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Our earnings results for the first quarter were in line with our expectations and consistent with the guidance provided on our December outlook call. Operating EPS came in at a $1.67 per diluted share. There were no items worthy of calling out in the quarter. However, there were a couple of items running through net income and outside our definition of operating earnings. We recorded a $14 million pretax charge associated with guaranty fund assessment on Penn Treaty or approximately $0.02 a share after tax and we booked approximately $6 million in pretax costs associated with our Japan branch conversion. The conversion remains on track and there is no change to our original guidance on conversion costs of $120 million to $130 million pretax through mid-2018. We anticipate conversion costs picking up pace in the second quarter and we will continue to disclose them as part of our quarterly reporting. Our Japan segment margins were solid in the quarter and reflect the inclusion of amortize hedge costs as part of investment income. As we have communicated, commented on over the past few years, premium weakness in the period was largely attributed to our first sector five-pay WAYS products hitting paid up status, which alone contributed to nearly ¥10 billion decline in first sector premium in the quarter. As a reminder, while the paid-up product impacts revenue, we have booked a deferred profit liability that amortizes into earnings and service to largely mitigate any bottom line impact. Benefit and expense ratios in Japan were in line with our outlook call guidance. The decline in investment income reflects our fourth quarter switch trade selling higher yielding bonds and investing proceeds in JGBs as we build out our floating rate portfolio with 2017 cash flows. Hedge costs were up as expected over the 2016 quarter and we have locked in over 90% of our anticipated costs in 2017. We are now on track to come in at the low end of our full-year guidance range of $250 million to $270 million pretax. Turning to U.S. segment, Dan noted improved persistency, up nearly 1% over the previous year's quarter and supporting a premium growth rate of 1.7%. Benefit ratios were solid recognizing last year's performance was particularly favorable. Our expense ratio was at the high end of our guidance range and reflects progress on certain platform investments, including our group administrative platform and enrollment platform and related technology. Overall, our U.S. pretax profit margin of 19.7% is strong by historical standards and in line with our guidance. Before commenting on capital, the first quarter was an active period a successful execution on our tactical investment strategy to build back net investment income after our 2016 switch trade and stabilizing near-term hedge costs. We announced an alliance with NXT Capital to build out our middle market private debt portfolio. These assets have attractive yields in the floating rate structure is an attractive asset to hold in our Japan dollar portfolio as they are efficient to hedge. Along with allocating NXT an initial $500 million portfolio, we invested $50 million in the equity of NXT Capital and look forward to developing a strategic partnership as we build this important asset class. In addition, we lengthened the duration of our hedge program through purchasing 1.5 billion of long-dated five-year forwards and have now locked in nearly 50% of hedge costs for 2018. While hedge costs have resin over the past couple of years, a flattening of the costs curve in favorable market conditions offered us an opportunity to lock in future costs without pressuring 2017 net investment income. These strategies are all steps in building out of three bucket portfolio approach to managing the U.S. dollar program in Japan. Those buckets include first, unhedged dollar investments where capacity is guided by our view of the risk-adjusted economic value of our Japan branch and capital volatility. Second, a disciplined approach to building out a short duration floating-rate loan portfolio where LIBOR-based yields are correlated to hedge cost and are primarily hedge was short-dated forwards. Finally, a diversified debt portfolio where we are actively extending the duration of our hedge instruments reducing near-term exposure to rising hedge costs. Early execution on this strategy has reduced investment income in the short run, but once fully developed, will build back income with less volatility. Our capital ratios remain very strong. SMR is estimated to be in the mid-900% range and RBC estimated in the 875% range at quarter end. We ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of excess liquidity at the holding company, which includes $500 million of contingency capital. Leverage remains at the low end of our policy range of 20% to 25% consistent with securing our strong ratings. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remained strong with only a modest level of impairments in the quarter. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned approximately $773 million to our shareholders in the first quarter. We repurchased $600 million of stock in the first quarter and on track to repurchase between $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion for the year. This again assumes repurchase of the optimal use of excess and deployable capital. Including our common dividend we are reaffirming our guidance of deploying $2 billion to $2.2 billion to shareholders in 2017. We announced a few weeks ago, the launch of Aflac corporate ventures. We expect to invest approximately $100 million over the next few years in early stage companies with focus across the insurance value chain, insurance and benefits digital innovation and customer experience. While a modest commitment of capital, we are already actively investing in select properties in the U.S. and Japan and expect our investments will generate solid returns and contribute to Aflac's future growth. Finally, I want to reiterate our 2017 earnings guidance of $6.40 to $6.65 per share on a currency neutral basis. Looking ahead, we remain well positioned in terms of our core margins and capital strength, consistent with our December outlook call comments. Before we have hand call back to David for Q&A. Paul and I want to comment briefly on two notable senior management announcements that Dan referenced earlier. First, I want to welcome Max Broden to the team here at Aflac as our new Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Max is known to many of you and his previous position as Global Insurance Portfolio Manager for Norges Bank. Max brings great experience and perspective to Aflac and optimizing our capital allocation and deployment strategies to drive long-term value. Max is responsible for Treasury, Corporate Finance, Investors and Rating Agency relationships and partnering with Teresa and our team on U.S. corporate development opportunities. I'll now hand out the Paul on our Japan leadership announcement. Paul?
Paul Amos: Thank you, Fred, and good morning. As you're probably aware from our release earlier this week. We announced the Hiroshi Yamauchi who currently serves Aflac Japan's President and Chief Operating Officer will be assuming the role of Vice Chairman of Aflac Japan in July as it passes the torch of President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan to Masatoshi Koide. When someone has impacted the Company as much as Yamauchi-san hasn't impacted Aflac Japan starting in the first recruited class of college graduates 41 years ago, when our Aflac Japan operation was in its infancy. It is astounding to consider the changes he has seen and the initiatives. He has been a vital part of implementing. We will certainly continue to benefit from his support of Aflac Japan from a broader perspective as he assumes the role of Vice Chairman of Aflac Japan. This transition also highlights one of the many major strength and that is Yamaguchi-san’s leadership and his vision for succession planning. When he assume the role as President of Aflac Japan two years ago his main goal was to identify and prepare a successor. And that's exactly what he's done by identifying and preparing Koide-san’s to be President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan effective July 1. Now let me turn the call over to Koide is on to make a few comments.
Masatoshi Koide: Thank you, Paul. I am Masatoshi Koide effective July 1, I will assume the role of Aflac Japan President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to take a moment to introduce myself and talk a bit about how I plan to approach my role as Aflac Japan President. I started by professional career in the Japanese banking sector in 1984 and joined Aflac Japan in 1998. I first worked in investments and the moved to legal and compliance, since then I have been working in various areas. In recent years as Executive Vice President, I have been overseeing corporate planning and have worked with Dan, Paul, Charles and Yamauchi who designed and developed our Aflac Japan’s business strategy. In addition, I support all as the Japan owner of the overall project to convert Aflac Japan to our subsidiary. Our Deputy President currently oversee all Aflac Japan divisions and serve as Yamaguchi-san is Deputy. In this context, I also have had the owner of leading the team that drafted Aflac Japan’s long-term strategy beyond 2024, which I presented at the Financial Analyst meeting in Tokyo last September. Beyond 2024, days out by mid to long-term direction for Aflac Japan by the end of 2024, which will mark its 50th anniversary, against the backdrop of business environment change driven by a rapidly aging society and information technology innovation. Aflac Japan is committed continuing to create new value and growth by adapting to and embracing change. Aflac Japan is currently implementing its three-year medium-term business plan under Vision 2024. And from this July, it would be my responsibility as President to ensure these efforts produce sound result. As Aflac Japan’s President, I am determined to ensure that Aflac Japan continues to be the leading company that supports creating dealing in your own way. Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Amos: Thank you, Koide. I know Koide-san will continue to do an exceptional job in his new role as President and Chief Operating Officer. Koide-san’s shares Yamauchi-san’s same dedication and work ethic. He has been driving force and guiding our Japan branch conversion. Now I'll turn the call back over to David, who will bring us to Q&A.
David Young: Thank you, Paul. Now we are ready to take your questions. But first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. We will now take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session at today's conference. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Dally: Typically in the past when you've introduced new product, sales of that product benefit, but it comes at the expense of lower sales of other products. That didn't seem to be the case this quarter, medical sales benefited, but cancer plan remains strong remained strong. So hoping to get a little color as to what was different this quarter?
Paul Amos: Yes. This is Paul. I’d be more than happy to answer that Nigel. The reality is as we've talked to you about 13 weeks of sales are sometimes difficult to predict. In this particular case, we felt like sales had the potential to be down for multiple reasons that we mentioned on the previous call, and one of those was our key alliance partners who primarily focused or solely focused on selling our cancer plan, we felt we're going to focus on their own internal products more than they were focusing on selling Aflac products. For our benefit that didn't so return out to be the case. We saw that many of our alliance partners continued to sell well and our cancer line of business for that primary reason was propped up by those sales. In terms of our other products, as you may have seen the income support product was down slightly sequentially from quarter-to-quarter. Part of that had to do with the increased focus in our agency channel and traditional channel on selling our new EVER plan. So we believe that the quarter results from a sales perspective exceeded our expectations. Our sales of EVER launched more quickly than we anticipated. This was in part due to the launch of not only the traditional product, but also an additional two-pay and five-pay version of the product, which has similar profit characteristics to the overall – that only added about an additional 2% of sales up 5% versus up 7%. But overall, we've felt that sales for the quarter did an exceptional job. Koji and his team performed across all channels and we were very happy to see our alliance partners performed in the cancer line of business.
Nigel Dally: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. First, I just had a follow-up on just Japan sales. Has the growth in sales in 1Q affected your view for the rest of the year and specifically if you think about the new – the device EVER that you launched in February. To what extent has it fully ramped up or do you expect that to happen in the second quarter and provide a lift to sales in the near-term?
Daniel Amos: Do you expect so much for the question. The reality is that we are not ready to make any change to our sales thoughts in future so far. First quarter did however exceed our expectations, but it's difficult for us to tell over – the remaining three quarters of the year, how that will bear out. We are happy with where we stand in terms of the launch of EVER at this time and we do believe that will be a boost to our second quarter. However, we had already been planning forward to be a strong boost for our second quarter. We didn't however expect it to sell so well in March. So the reality is as it's ramped up, we expect to do well, but I want to be cautious just because I believe that we have tough comparisons coming later in the year and I don't – I'm not yet ready to commit to any change in our guidance.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then you had a fairly large derivative loss, I think around $90 million – $92 million this quarter. Could you discuss what the drivers of that were?
Frederick Crawford: Yes Jimmy, this is Fred. So there is a few things running through that number that really are somewhat non-economic in nature and that is we have treasury swaps on our books, which do nothing more than swap dollar to yen and those swaps are mark-to-market. There is a portion of the swap. It's actually recorded through investment – interest expense, as you would expect, but then there's a mark-to-market portion. And so as there is movement in the yen, you will sometimes have wide marks on those swaps. The second component is that we've been ramping up a commercial mortgage loan and middle market loan portfolio in Japan and we hedge those portfolios, but in the way the accounting works under GAAP is you don't have the mark-to-market dynamic on those loans on our books. But you do mark the hedging instruments and that separation in the treatment between the loan approach and the derivatives will create some noise and so we had some losses related that again not economic as it's meant to be part of a long-term strategy. And then we also have some remeasurement that takes places. This is nothing more than U.S. dollar cash and related liquidity that's in Japan that gets remeasured if you will, as U.S. dollar assets held in Japan. So that's really the noise running through that number. It will fluctuate from period-to-period, sometimes it will add to net income, sometimes take away, but largely uneconomic and nature.
Jimmy Bhullar: And shouldn't really affect your free cash flow or dividends from the business?
Frederick Crawford: That's right. That's essentially what I mean by economic. It's not having implications on free cash flow.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just a follow-up on the hedging costs. So you mentioned right now, you're looking at towards the lower end of your guidance of $250 million for a full-year 2017. So comparing these at $52 million in the quarter, this seems to be still kind of below what the quarterly run rates were implied based on the lower end? How should we think about the trajectory of the hedging cost for the balance of the year?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, so you're right to point this out. If you recall on the fourth quarter of last year, we recorded a little north of $60 million. Now in the first quarter, you're seeing that amortized level step back to $52 million. That's nothing more than really two basic components. One is recall to switch trade that we executed on in roughly the November time period last year that resulted in a move out of bonds, which were hedged into JGBs and as a result of that, we brought the notional down pretty considerably. That was a $2.5 billion switch trade. So that brought the notional down and so somewhat of what you're seeing in the first quarter is a natural ramping up then of the floating rate portfolio, which is starting the process of ramping up. It won't pick up steam until we move into the second half of the year. So you're going to see a natural rise in the hedge costs throughout the year as we build out that portfolio. Now realize while that is taking place, you’re also seeing rise in net investment income as we put to work the money in the floating rate investments, but that's how it will move forward. The other element of it, that's worth noting is that we did actually proactively bring the hedge ratio down a bit. We currently run around the $22 billion market values U.S. dollar portfolio of currently and we have as you know from our disclosures, not quite $11 billion of that hedged with forwards about $10.7 billion. We brought that hedge ratio down a little bit and we use the economics of bringing that down to execute on the $1.5 billion five-year forwards that we purchased. So think of it this way on the money we saved by bringing some of the hedge ratio down we spent that economics to extend the duration of the hedge program, it made sense from a risk management and market perspective. However, when we did buy those long dated hedges we got amount pretty good prices, better than we thought, because the market had cooperated on the long side so we took advantage of it. So those things are actually favoring our hedge costs and allowing us to be comfortable with the low end of the range. But the build-up is more naturally going to take place as we build the portfolio.
Humphrey Lee:
, :
Frederick Crawford: I'll ask that Todd to comment on developments on that front.
Todd Daniels: Yes, thanks Fred. For the in-force business, the more changed mortality table would not have an impact, but when you start selling new products. Obviously that table would have to be reflected in your reserve assumptions. We would review the table relative to where we are with our current assumptions with pricing, but we don't have to reflect that table with the new premiums, but we will investigated and I think that's coming out April 2018. So we have a little bit of time.
Humphrey Lee: Basically my conversations with some of the Japanese insurers. They talk about because of the competition in the marketplace it will be difficult for them to pass through some of the required price increases to the marketplace. Do you get a sense the discounts similar to what’s you're seeing over there?
Daniel Amos: I think we're still going to have to review the assumption relative to where we are with premiums and capital strain with those products. So hopefully later in the year, we would be able to comment further on it.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. Just want to go back the second to third sector sales in Japan. So the pressure from partnership sales did not really manifest suppose as you'd expected do you think it's something that could still pop-up later in the year?
Paul Amos: Well, as you may recall, Japan's fiscal year runs April through March. And so what we believe was that our partners we’re going to primarily focused on finishing the Japanese fiscal year with that transition and they have obviously not finished in the year in a different way. I mean somewhere internal product but also sold our. We do believe that the sales of our two paid product help add some benefit to the quarter and could continue to do so going into the next quarter. But the reality is that as we go into the next Japan fiscal year we've renegotiated as we always do with all of our partners and we are hopeful and continue to believe that our alliance partnerships will continue to yield good results going into the next Japanese fiscal year which began April 1.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then my follow-up question, I realize this framework is still a work in progress , but I think industry ESR levels actually came in quite a bit given the low rate environment. And then Japan you maybe give us an update on where Aflac stands there?
Daniel Amos: Yes, actually what we have seen - the last we commented on again the economic solvency ratio is but we've goes by different names in Japan, but effectively that that ratio was that our fab meeting in Tokyo and you might remember at that time I'm going to guess you're quite honestly, I don't have it in front of me, but 30-year JGBs were very low at that time they had actually recovered a bit by the time we got to our conference but they were still, I would say, certainly I think sub-50 basis points if I recall right. Today, the 30-year JGB is upwards of north of 80 basis points. I mentioned the 30-year JGB because that has an awful lot of directional impact if you will, on how to think about these economic ratios. At that time, I'd mentioned being in the 160% range asset ratio, which is quite strong. Today given the rates having recovered a bit in Japan, we are pretty consistently recording a ratio in and around 200%, which is quite strong. I would note that the mix of our business tends to make us happy – tends to yield a much better ratio than many that are more concentrated in first sector business. The other very important thing to remember if you recall, our comments at the conferences that don't lose sight of the fact that that's also assuming in ultimate forward rate recovery that is put into. It's really a long-dated recovery rate that's assumed in the formula which contributes to it, but is believed to be the type of practice that would be eventually adopted. Now again, remember, this is in testing phase. It's still a bit unclear as to the precise of the calculation once adopted if adopted and the pattern or method of adoption. But we've been tracking it and we continue to be very healthy.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Your line is now open.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks, good morning. Fred, on the 50% of the hedge costs locked in for 2018. Could you disclose at what level of cost in base points that is in, and then where forward hedge costs are running at this point?
Frederick Crawford: I will pass to Eric, on the forward hedge cost. And I don’t know Eric if you got anything on the cost going out into 2018, I would suspect it's approaching 198-ish basis points in that range, maybe a bit north of that.
Eric Kirsch: Yes. It's a bit north of that because in 2018, as Fred mentioned earlier, we executed on five-year forward, so when you think about the forward curve for hedge costs, those are higher going out five years then say one-year hedge cost or two-year hedge cost, but what I can share with you is based on that 50% locked in and sort of looking at forward markets for the other 50% estimates of our cash flow, we would be running at about 224 basis points for next year. Again, that reflects the lengthening of duration, locking in a five-year forward on those hedge costs.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Okay, thanks. And then just a quick follow-up on the excess capital. I guess the $1.7 billion of excess liquidity at the holding company. How much of the U.S. excess capital has been upstreamed at this point?
Frederick Crawford: So we have not – if what you're referring to is the excess capital that we would expect to unlock as part of our Japan branch conversion. We have not moved any significant portion of excess capital up to the holding company at this point. It would be a little premature to do that. We are however though proactively moving, what I would call excess cash flow or free cash flow generated on our U.S. property up to the holding company. But we have not necessarily started into the movement of the excess capital that we expect to create mid-2018 upon conversion.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thank you.
Frederick Crawford: One other thing I would say about 2018 hedge cost that's worthy of note two, is recalled that we are ramping up the floating rate portfolio as part of our strategy. And remember that floating rate portfolio will be largely hedged and largely hedged with very short-dated forwards which depending on the nature of the curve should be less expensive. And so ultimately we'll have a blended cost structure as we go into 2018, but our forecast is for rising hedge cost and until that changes it's good to be certainly prudent on the estimate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Here is a question for Teresa. On the fourth quarter call you outlined a number of initiatives to boost sales and address the areas of weakness from 2016. So just hoping you could provide an update on those and which are already starting to have an impact versus which ones will kick in later in the year?
Teresa White: Thank you, Eric. In the fourth quarter, I talked a little bit about four areas and those areas where career agent sales and specifically veteran engagement. We talked about the middle market, broker sales, sales leadership and then public sector. And so I'll just kind of go through each of those. From a career agent standpoint, we're seeing better than expected new associate conversion to producer, which is a positive underlying metrics. We're also seeing better veteran engagements and a lot of that we believe is due to some of the compensation strategies that we have in place. So we do see and actually a large part of our increased for the first quarter was the veteran engagement piece of that. So we do see that working for us. Then we talked about in the broker sales side and we specifically talked about the mid-market, we are hiring 25% increase in our broker sales professionals and as we do that we've already hired about 50% of that number and we've onboard at those folks and we're continuing to hire and up through the second quarter and we really don't expect a positive result of that until the second half of the year. And so that – but that's going well for us. And then on the public sector side, I believe talked about additional competition that we were seeing in the public sector market. And we've also had a department here over the public sector arm of the business and we have a large book of business public sector. And so we are making sure that we protect our book of business, but we're also building out strategies that our tools and services for the public sector market and so that is well on its way as well and we expect to see results with that in the second half of the year as well.
Erik Bass: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Seth Weiss with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Seth Weiss: Great, thank you. Just a follow-up on Erik's question, it sounds like there will be a lot of expense initiatives on the average turn around in the U.S. sales channels that may yield sales in the back half of the year into 2018. How should we think about the expense ratio for the U.S. with regard to your guidance within this context here?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, this is Fred. There will be quarter-to-quarter some ebb and flow in the pace of expense because these are projects that will naturally move around a bit, but our guidance remains the outlook call range on expense ratio of 34% to 35%. So we're running a bit high as I mentioned in my comments in the first quarter, but we would expect that to moderate as we go through the year. It's the first quarter and so as we move through the year, we see some difference in that will of course communicate that to all of you. But as it stands right now, our plans are for to be running in the essentially the middle of that 34% to 35% range.
Seth Weiss: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Suneet Kamath with Citi. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: Great, thanks. Just wanted to circle back to U.S. again, when you first entered the broker market in the large case side of the business, you ran into this channel conflict with the career agents. So as you expand the broker market into the middle market, what are you doing differently to avoid any future channel conflict in that area of the business?
Teresa White: Thanks for the questions Suneet. This is Teresa. The primary driver or the primary success measure for us is ensuring that in that market if we have a employers that have brokers that we honor that and we work with the broker side. We have sales leadership. Our sales leadership quite frankly just have been very impressed with because that leadership is working from the career side and the broker leadership side are working together to tackle this mid-market space. The strategy that was put together, it's really put together by those leaders and certainly there are going to be still be conflict with those leaders are working to manage through that complex and a lot of the – what we're really trying to do is we're trying to put compensation where we want each of those channels to play and I think we’ve seeing some success and doing that. And so we hope to see that same success in the middle market as well.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then I guess maybe bigger picture question for the U.S., I mean you continue to target this 3% to 5% long-term sales growth. And if you look over the past five years or so, I think you’ve only been there in that range one. So I guess at what point do you think you'll be able to get into that range on a sustainable basis.
Daniel Amos: Well, again we actually are looking at this for the long-term, we are continuing to progress towards that long-term 3% to 5% and at this point, what we're doing is we're rebuilding some of our strategies, we are assessing the underlying metrics and I do believe that we're actually seeing progress towards our longer-term goal. So we expect to continue to progress toward that long-term CAGR.
Paul Amos: I would like to make a comment on that I believe that the foundations that we're setting right now give us an opportunity, and we should be able to do that, whether it's going to be when exactly I'm not sure, but I know the new systems we're putting in is going to give us a big competitive advantage on the group insurance. And frankly we've been evolving into that as you know over the years and we're getting better at it broker strategy is beginning to what - the challenge has been much like it was an Aflac Japan as we have shifted from just being corporate agency driven in Japan to add the alternative distribution system is the corporate agencies what kept to support for many years. Well, our field force is still key to keeping it growing or at least flat while these new areas specifically broker are growing our business and so that's been the challenge, but it's, it gets closer our field every year and once it does. I think we'll see take back off do well and I'm encouraged with the things we're doing.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Fred or Eric, I just wanted to make sure I understood what you guys said about the hedging costs and that would imply at least as in the initial run rate of overall hedge cost for 2018. The 224 basis points I'm just not sure notional amount to compare that with because I know that moved around a bit. With that be, can you give us ballpark range, is that going to be meaningfully above the $250 million to $275 million 2017 run rate hedge cost?
Frederick Crawford: A couple things I would say Tom, one is this sort of creeping into 2018 outlook comments around earnings and earnings drivers is a bit premature. And so I would suggest you that we would hold to refine those types of comments and guidance. More specifically, as we approach fab in September and are able to outline it together with the strategy in a course the outlook call. So I don't want to front run our traditional pattern of guidance. What we do plan to do those built that U.S. dollar portfolio throughout the year. As I mentioned, we're running at about $22 billion now that will build to approximately $25 billion at the end of the year. We're currently running at about a 50% hedge ratio using forwards only remember we do use collars on the unhedged portion, but just forwards, which drives the cost. We run around 50% hedge ratio, so you would expect the notional decline throughout the year to approaching between $12 billion and $13 billion and then you start applying your cost. But it's a little easy to move in. It's a little early rather to move into forecasting hedge cost ranges next year. Also remember we're disclosing this is part of our net investment income for a reason. And that is, don't just isolate hedge costs remember, in part they're building because we are proactively building out a floating rate portfolio that has very attractive yields. So while we see some rising hedge cost we're also building net investment income in the process and we need to be mindful. We will provide greater detail as we start to move into really 2018 comments more broadly.
Tom Gallagher: That's helpful perspective Fred, because, yes, so it sounds like it's going to be against the smaller notional amount. So wouldn't if you just took the nominal increase in basis points it would imply like a spike and hedge cost, but it sounds like there will some offset. I just wanted to understand directionally that point?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, it’s really, really the best answer is just it takes a holistic understanding of where you going to be U.S. dollar portfolio and its mix, what is your hedge ratio philosophy and why. This is the three buckets we're talking about. And then of course, execution, which includes the pricing and market pricing. And that's the type of color and backdrop that we will provide when really we start into the planning process around 2018 and can give more refinement, namely an outlook calls and some strategic color at our FAB.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just a follow-up on – there were higher incurred claims in Japan during the quarter. If you look at the mix, how the benefit ratio played out, you had lower future policy benefit reserves being put up and you had higher incurred claims. Was there a mix shift something going on there that you could explain?
Daniel Amos: Let me just pass one thing before we answer that. Eric do you want to add something?
Eric Kirsch: I just wanted to emphasize, Fred's mentioned the three buckets and the build-out of the floating rate portfolio. Keep in mind the strategic reasons besides liking the asset class from a credit perspective. Floating rate assets or short duration, their coupons float with LIBOR, which has a high correlation, not a perfect one to hedge costs. So was this floating rate portfolio grows, you guys will be able to see that the net margin for the net income, gross income from the floaters less hedge costs becomes much more stable in our net investment income. It won’t be a perfect match for quarter-to-quarter because the floaters may reset on different dates and hedge costs, but that's the concept. So that's just important to note that notional couldn’t jump as the floating rates build. Net investment income will go up with the exchange for the switch trade build that back up and becomes much more stable in the future.
Daniel Amos: And then Tom, I’m going to turn to Todd. I know the interaction you are talking about there in a way of paid claims and FBR on the P&L this quarter, so Todd any color you are able to provide.
Todd Daniels: Yes. I’ll give you a little bit of color on that. There is normal seasonality that happens in the first quarter and the benefits in Japan with extra lapses that happen around, what I'll call retirement or leaving your employer that happens at the end of March. So you have incurred claims are going to include your cash surrender value. And when we pay that cash surrender value, we typically release the reserve associated with that policy. So you would have a lower change in FPB for the quarter.
Tom Gallagher: So really it's just related to lapsation and releasing the reserve due to that.
Todd Daniels: That’s correct.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We have one more in the queue and it is coming from John Nadel with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Nadel: Thanks for sneaking me, and good morning. Maybe a question for Teresa, just a little bit more follow-up on the U.S., I think you sort of hinted at the veteran agents having a bit more of a – bit better production this quarter. Can you give us a sense when you breakdown the 1.5% year-over-year growth in sales where the real drivers were. I mean we know it from a product perspective, it looks like the short-term disability product was the key driver. But can you help us understand which of the pieces of the distribution mix drove it?
Teresa White: Certainly, you're right, we benefited from higher than expected short-term disability sales in Q1. But the other piece of this is Everwell adoption. We also benefited from higher Everwell adoption. And if you remember, I’ll recall Everwell is our small business solutions and we get higher policyholder participation rates with Everwell versus our FNG unit. So many of our state organizations have adjusted their training, they’ve engaged the veterans and training of the Everwell unit. And so we see a lot more of our adoption of Everwell. I think we had about, around 28% adoption of Everwell this quarter and that was well above what we had anticipated that we would have. So the increased productivity of those veterans, we also had a couple of initiatives to specifically and these were compensation initiatives where we were driving veterans to go back into some of our existing accounts to offer additional product and services. And so we saw success with that initiative as well. So again, if I sum them up, it’s the veteran engagement and it would be technology with our Everwell unit that increased our productivity.
John Nadel: And maybe can you just touch on what you saw from the broker channel as well?
Teresa White: From the broker channel, we were relatively flat when you look at the mid case market and the large case market. And we expect to see a lot more from our broker side in the second half of the year.
John Nadel: And then, Fred, one last one, just on the ratio of hedged to unhedged U.S. dollar investments added the Japanese arm. How should we think about your risk limits there and I know you're not really leaving the other 50% on the hedge, but how do we think about risk limits there?
Frederick Crawford: Yes, I think the way to think about is for quite a long time Aflac as always had a level of unhedged U.S. dollar portfolio a long time and it tends to be myriad up to the GAAP equity if you will that we had allocated to the Japan branch and I want to recall that travel to say in the $7 billion to $8 billion territory for example, perhaps a little less than that. But nevertheless it was always in that category. So the idea of it unhedged portion, if you will of the portfolio is frankly nothing new. Really what we're introducing is more what you're seeing from a number of companies that operate in Japan and go down this type of a portfolio strategy, which is becoming more common and that is particularly U.S. companies that have Japanese branches or subsidiaries. What is the economic value that's driven in that branch? The theory being that value over time comes back in dollar form. And so as a result, what really is an amount of unhedged that you can make an economic case for and risk case for. And as is always the case with a Company that's performing very well and as we are in Japan, your economic value tends to be quite a bit north of what you may be holding in the way of GAAP book equity. And so it allows you to think more about a higher dollar amount that you can hold unhedged. Now however, there are risk limitations to that and the risk tends to be revolving around SMR volatility, potential FSA volatility and you do to some degree depending on the collar structure, need to be thinking about carrying more capital against that type of a strategy, and so we have to think about a capital adjusted value proposition of going more unhedged. So that's the way in which we think about it, there is some fairly good signs and stress testing about what you can tolerate. But it's allowing us to drift up if you will in an amount unhedged, but protecting the outer limits of movement through collars. Hopefully that helps, but it's – that's what I mean by an economic value driven approach, but again very importantly it's a stressed economic value. Don’t confuse it with what you might post or calculate. It's also got to be under stress conditions.
John Nadel: Understood, and then one last one, since on last I'll sneak one housekeeping item in. How much was repatriated during the quarter?
Frederick Crawford: I think we repatriated a bit north of ¥30 billion if I recall right, let me see if I can get that number.
John Nadel: Thank you.
Frederick Crawford: I have it handy, but let me actually should be able to gather if you just give me a minute, got it right here, ¥31 billion year-to-date.
John Nadel: Perfect, thank you so much.
Frederick Crawford: And operator, are there any other calls in queue? End of Q&A
Operator: I see no questions in queue at this time sir.
Frederick Crawford: Thank you.
David Young: Thank you. For those of you that have questions after this call, please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations Department. We will be happy to answer your questions and look forward to speaking with you then. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Paul Amos - President, Aflac Teresa White - President, Aflac U.S. Fred Crawford - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Todd Daniels - Executive Vice President, Global Chief Risk Officer Eric Kirsch - Executive Vice President, Chief Global Investment Officer Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley  Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners John Nadel - Credit Suisse Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Ryan Krueger - KBW Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Sid Camus - CD Tom Gallagher - Evercore ISI
Robin Wilkey: Welcome to our fourth quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S., and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Chief Global Investment Officer. Also joining us from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan, and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing in Japan. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in today’s conference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the investor page of Aflac.com and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures.  Now I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with comments about the quarter and the year. Kriss and Paul will follow with an update on the operations in the U.S. and Japan respectively, and Fred will discuss our financial performance for the quarter and the year before we start taking your questions.  We’ll begin with Dan.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me start off by saying 2016 was another great year for Aflac. What’s been an advantage for more than six decades and what sets us apart from every one of the competitors is our distinct product focus on voluntary and supplemental insurance in both the U.S. and in Japan. That focus has been a major factor in our success and I believe it will continue to drive our leading position in the future.  I’m especially pleased at our operating earnings per share growth before currency exceeded our expectations for the year, rising 4.7%. I think this is especially worth noting given the historically low interest rates and the disciplined investment in our U.S. and Japan platforms, with the goal of driving future growth and operating effectiveness. Because we are reporting year-end results, you will hear from Teresa and Paul today about the two operating segments, Aflac U.S. and Aflac Japan; but let me first say that I’m pleased with the overall results of 2016 and I’m proud of the hard work and accomplishments our management team, the employees, and our sales distribution in Japan and the United States. I believe both business segments are well positioned to achieve the performance goals communicated on the December outlook call. Turning to the capital management and deployment, Fred will provide more detail shortly, but I will share a few highlights. First, as we’ve said, we view growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares as the most attractive means for deploying capital, particularly in the absence of any compelling alternative. Our plan for 2017 is to repurchase in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of our shares.  As I said last quarter, 2016 was the 34th consecutive year in which we’ve increased the cash dividend. Our objective remains to grow the dividend at a rate generally in line with the increase in operating earnings per share on a diluted basis before the impact of foreign currency. You’ve heard me say that my job was a balance of the interests of all stakeholders. I think we did a good job in 2016, just as we have in the past, and I believe we’re going to do that in 2017 by delivering on our promise to the policy holders and enhancing our shareholder value. Now I’ll turn the program over to Teresa, who will give you an update on Aflac U.S. Teresa?
Teresa White: Thank you, Dan. 2016 was the most profitable year in Aflac U.S. history in terms of pre-tax earnings. This was particularly notable as we invested over $20 million in our group technology platform. We’ve begun to see our platform investments pay off in the form of improved persistency and customer satisfaction. Ninety-five percent of our policy holders who use one-day pay say they are likely to refer other people to Aflac, which will continue to differentiate and reinforce our strong brand and policy holders’ trust. We’ve also increased our career agents’ adoption of our Everwell enrollment platform which in turn has increased account penetration in our accounts with less than 100 employees.  Despite our progress and profitability, I am disappointed in the U.S. sales results for 2016. While we wrote almost $1.5 billion in new premium, we did not achieve our 2016 sales growth target of 3 to 5%. The career agent channel underperformed for the majority of 2016. Sales to groups with less than 100 employees, which is the focus of our career agents, were relatively flat for the year; however, over the past 18 months, I’ve witnessed the positive correlation between sales and compensation, so those sales leaders who have done really well have been rewarded, and those who have not done well have caused significant turnover. This results in a short term disruption; however, these changes are better for Aflac in the long run. Moving into 2017, we’ll continue to focus our career sales agents on groups with fewer than 100 employees. I believe this market is Aflac’s to grow because our career sales agents are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with these smaller employers. We will also continuing improving the productivity of new recruits, as we did in 2016. Recruiting fell more than we would have liked, but I continue to believe that this approach will not only continue to improve the productivity of our recruits but also their retention. Ultimately, our efforts will lead to longer, more productive Aflac careers. Looking to broker business, while we did have an increase in the broker business, the broker pipeline did not materialize as we expected. Sales in the middle market of groups of 100 to 999 employees were negative, whereas broker sales to groups with 1,000 or more employees experienced double-digit percent growth in 2016. In the end, the final few weeks of December were just not strong enough for us to achieve our sales goals. Based on this success that we’ve had in the large account market, we plan to expand our broker team by 25% by adding more than 30 positions in 2017 to include additional roles designed to focus on that midmarket space. This was an area that we struggled in in 2016, especially as we made a conscious decision to be a bit more selective in the sale of our group product in smaller account segments. With the additional roles designed to focus on this midmarket space along with process efficiency gains, we believe we can profitably grow this segment.  While disappointed in 2016 sales growth, we remain committed to the fundamental strategies designed to balance growth and preserve our margin. It’s important to realize the fourth quarter 2016 was the second largest sales quarter behind fourth quarter 2015 in absolute dollar terms in Aflac U.S. history.  As we continue to evolve from one channel focused on the small case market to a multi-channel operation with the emphasis on growing the broker channel, I’m reminded that it does take time. The broker channel has a three-year compounded annual growth rate of 12%; however, it only represents 30% of our business. Sometimes our size masks the progress that we’ve made in that channel. Our goal is to grow it fast while maintaining the stability of our career force.  In closing, I want to reiterate that we continue to target the long-term compound annual growth rate of 3 to 5% that we provided in our December outlook call. Now let me turn the program over to Paul.
Paul Amos: Thank you, Teresa. Next, I’ll provide highlights from Aflac Japan’s operations, which had a profitable year in terms of pre-tax earnings. We did, however, face headwinds due to the persistent low interest rate environment and absorbed a fourth quarter reserve adjustment which impacted overall profitability. Fred will discuss the financials in detail later, but I would note that we anticipate that low interest rates will remain one of the biggest issues facing the Japanese life insurance industry in 2017. I’m very happy with Aflac Japan’s strong annual third sector sales increase of 4.1%, which is at the high end of the 2016 expectation of flat to up 5%. These results were impressive considering we upwardly revised our sales targets twice in 2016. Aflac Japan produced solid results across all channels and further affirmed its leading position in the third sector market. On the product side, we’re excited to report that cancer insurance sales were up 8.5% for the year. Second half sales results also benefited from the July introduction of a new third sector product called income support insurance. As you’ll recall, this product provide fixed benefit amounts should a policy holder be unable to work due to significant illness or injury. It was developed to supplement the disability coverage provided through Japan’s social security system.  Our income support insurance targets consumers in their 20s through 40s, which is a segment of the population where we’ve been underrepresented. Income support insurance was received favorably and has the potential to gradually develop into a new product pillar over the long term. Turning to the interest rate sensitive first sector products, you will recall that we proactively pulled products from select channels and aggressive re-priced our wave and child endowment products, factoring in the reality of a prolonged low interest rate environment. Aflac Japan made notable progress in 2016 to limit the sale of first sector savings products. As planned, our actions prompted a 57% decrease in sales of first sector products in the second half of the year. Regarding our distribution channels, our traditional agencies have been and remain vital to our success, and this was certainly true throughout 2016. Our alliance partners also made significant contributions to our sales results. I am particularly pleased that in October, Japan Post began selling our new cancer insurance product designed exclusively for cancer survivors. Our traditional agencies started selling the product in March of 2016. We anticipate the sales of cancer insurance for cancer survivors will provide marginal benefit to our overall sales, but more importantly it will bolster our brand, trustworthiness and reputation that we worked hard over the years to establish. Being there for Japan’s consumers when they need us most is our top priority.  Our strategic alliance partners have been successful at selling Aflac products in 2016. Given current results that prompt an intense focus on moving their own products to meet Japan fiscal year-end goals, sales of Aflac’s third sector products in the first quarter will be impacted. As we look ahead, Aflac Japan’s focus will remain on selling our third sector products, which are less interest rate sensitive, and on strengthening our leading presence in places where people make their insurance buying decisions. We’ll continue to refine our existing product portfolio and introduce new innovative third sector products to maintain our market leadership. Near term, this includes the February 20 launch of our revised EVER and GIFT [ph] products. As we communicated on our December outlook call, we view Aflac Japan’s long term compound annual growth rate at 4 to 6%. Now let me turn it over to Fred.
Fred Crawford: Thanks Paul. First, let me say that I’m pleased with the overall financial results of the company for both the quarter and the year. Our earnings results for the full year exceeded our expectations going into 2016. Operating EPS on a currency neutral basis was up 4.7% for the year and within the increased guidance range communicated on our third quarter call. Our earnings results are particularly noteworthy considering proactive investments in our business model, the Bank of Japan’s actions early in the year, and a fourth quarter reserve strengthening. Turning to the fourth quarter results, there’s a few items worth calling out that negatively impacted the reported earnings. First, as mentioned during both our third quarter call and our outlook call, we completed our year-end actuarial review of interest-sensitive blocks of business in Japan. There are two smaller blocks of legacy third sector business that have been subject to strengthening in the past years due to continual interest rate declines. The specific strengthening in the quarter was on a closed block of business we refer to as super care, and resulted in a charge of 6 billion yen or roughly $0.08 per share. It’s important to note that this is a GAAP only impact and does not affect FSA reserves, cash flow, or core capital ratios. Additional items that negatively impacted the quarter include corporate expenses, which were elevated as a result of stock compensation expense and accelerated amortization due to retirement eligibility; in addition, elevated interest expense related to our debt issuance in September, which prefunded maturities in February. Together, these items amounted to roughly $0.03 a share in the quarter. If you exclude only the reserve strengthening in Japan, our fourth quarter operating earnings per share were within the expected range provided in the third quarter. Our Japan segment margins were solid when adjusted for the reserve strengthening. Benefit ratios, expense ratio, and pre-tax margins were all in line with recent results and our outlook call guidance. I would note that going forward, our ratios and margins in Japan will reflect hedge costs on an amortized basis related to Japan’s dollar investment portfolio. U.S. benefit ratios continue to trend favorably for the quarter, and our expense ratio was in line with our guidance and reflecting progress on certain strategic initiatives and increased promotional spend. Overall, our U.S. pre-tax profit margins exceeded our annual guidance range for the year, coming in at 19.6%. Turning to investments, results for both the quarter and the year were aligned with our expectations as we continue to navigate the low yield environment in Japan and further diversify our portfolio. As we discussed during our outlook call, we successfully executed on a comprehensive plan to address strategic and investment challenges: first, as Paul mentioned, curtailing interest-sensitive premium flows by reducing the sale of first sector savings products; second, timely execution of a successful switch trade designed to shift our U.S. dollar investment strategy more toward floating rate assets in order to more effectively hedge and optimize investment income; and finally, we lengthened the duration of our hedge program through purchasing longer dated forwards. This proved to be of good timing as we locked in 90% of hedge costs for 2017 and just over 30% of 2018 costs prior to an increase in costs coming off the presidential election. These moves result in lower investment income in Japan in the near term while we work to reinvest into higher yielding and floating rate assets, but are designed to reduce volatility in quarterly earnings, cash flow, and capital ratios.  With respect to Japan’s dollar program and hedge costs, our reported fourth quarter costs were $62 million pre-tax on an amortized basis. As discussed on the outlook call, we adopted an amortized approach in the fourth quarter to reflect a full year 2016 and to adjust past periods. As mentioned earlier, we are moving these costs into our operating earnings definition for 2017. We are maintaining our guidance for 2017 pre-tax hedge costs in the range of $250 million to $270 million, assuming no change in our strategy. In terms of our capital position, despite market volatility in the quarter, we ended the year with strong capital ratios with SMR and RBC estimated in the mid 900% range and mid 800% range respectively. We ended the year with $1.5 billion of excess liquidity at the holding company, which includes $500 million of contingency capital. Overall credit conditions and asset quality remain strong with only a modest level of impairment in the quarter. I’m pleased to say we continue to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders. Including dividends and share repurchase, we returned approximately $2.1 billion to our shareholders in 2016. As we mentioned on our outlook call, we expect to deploy capital in the range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion to shareholders in 2017. This includes $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of share repurchase with approximately $800 million to $1 billion of repurchase in the first half of the year. As is always the case, this assumes share repurchase remains the optimal use of excess capital in driving long-term shareholder value. Finally, I want to reiterate our 2017 earnings guidance of $6.40 to $6.65 per share on a currency neutral basis. I would note that our final currency neutral exchange rate came in at roughly 109 yen to the dollar, or one yen lower than the 110 we used on the outlook call. Similar to last year, we did not adjust the rounded range for the few pennies of additional annual earnings. To be clear, our planned earnings are essentially unchanged and it’s safe to assume we added a few pennies to our actual forecast accordingly. In addition, our sensitivities to a given change in yen were updated as we refined our modeling of the foreign exchange impact on locked-in hedge costs in preparation of installing into our reported operating earnings. Looking ahead, we remain well positioned in terms of core margins and capital strength consistent with our December outlook call comments. I’ll now hand the call back to Robin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Fred. Now we’re ready to take your questions, but please let me remind you that to be fair to everybody in the queue, limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. We’ll now begin taking the first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open, sir.
Nigel Dally: Great, thanks, and good morning. This question is on guidance. When the yen is at 115, the midpoint of the EPS guidance seems to have declined $0.09 from what you provided back in December. Just hoping you can discuss what drove that change.
Fred Crawford: So a couple things, Nigel. Your comment is really relative to sensitivity. What’s changed is in the course of working towards installing hedge costs into our operating earnings in 2017, we refined our model to reflect having locked in those hedge costs effectively prior to entering 2017. What happens is that has the effect of essentially locking in a dollar-based expense at the time of that transaction, and so the way our actual results end up playing out because we’ve locked in those hedge costs is effectively reducing the dollar coupon income, if you will, in Japan. This has the effect of increasing the relative yen earnings to dollar earnings, and therefore increasing the sensitivity. This is a very nuanced issue, but it has less to do with the nature of hedge costs and amortization and more really to do with the fact that we have locked in those costs with a fixed exchange rate that therefore does not float throughout the year, so it has the effect of increasing our relative yen revenue and earnings, if you will, relative to our total. What I would tell you is this - both the hedge costs in our operating earnings as well as the strategy of locking in longer dated hedges are both new strategies, and as we go through the year, we’re going to watch very carefully these sensitivities, and obviously as we see them move around, we’ll adjust if necessary; but this is our best estimate at the moment.
Nigel Dally: Okay, got it. The follow-up is just on U.S. recruited agents. You touched on it briefly in the earlier remarks, but they seem to have dropped to the lowest level we’ve seen in many years. Just hoping to get some additional color as to what’s going on there and whether that’s also a contributing factor to the sales challenges.
Teresa White: Nigel, specifically on recruited agents, if you recall in my comments last year, we talked about making sure that we drove agent productivity, so we’re looking at this from a long term perspective. What we saw as our focus was on productivity was an increase in the productivity of the agent. We saw an increase in new associate APs. We saw an increase in new accounts, and so those were all positives that we saw as it relates to recruited agents. What our data supports is that we know that we have a strong correlation between lifetime tenure with Aflac if the agents get started off and they start off well, so that was really the focus there.  We did have broker recruiting as well. We actually increased our penetration in our current brokers as well, so we focused on that. Now, that’s not to say though that in 2017, we have a focus on recruiting, but what we wanted to do is we wanted to fix that front end funnel so that we could make sure that the people who were recruited in had a likelihood of staying with us, and we are seeing the retention of an agent coming in going to year two increase, so that’s really what we were solving for.
Nigel Dally: Very helpful, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan. Your line is now open, sir. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. First, Fred, I just had a question on if you could give us some color on your forward rate assumptions that you’re using in the super care block in terms of reserves, and under what situation would you--could the charge that you saw this quarter beat, and just give us some idea on what you’re assuming and how often you reassess reserves.
Fred Crawford: Sure. So this is an annual process that as you may recall has gone on for years, and of course I don’t have the history but many around the table here do, and so do many of you as analysts. But over the past 10 years or so, we’re periodically added to reserves both on this block but also on a dementia block, and typically for similar reasons with the persistently lower interest rate environment in Japan. So that to degree, it’s not unusual - these tend to be blocks we focused in on in low rate environments, not surprisingly. What we did more specifically is we took the long term new money rate assumption down around 22 basis points. We took it down from roughly 175 to 150 - 1.5%, and realize that the new money rate assumptions include both the yen investments as well as the dollar program, and also incorporate hedge costs which back off those dollar coupons, so it’s really looking at the investment strategy. What’s very unique about Aflac and somewhat a testimonial to the conservative nature of the company is that we also tend to have a practice of leaving those low rates long forever; in other words, we don’t assume a recovering rate out into the future, which would make a difference in the level of charge, and we do that simply to be conservative but also to some degree to put this type of risk behind us as we look at the assumptions. So that amounted to the charge, so in other words your portfolio yield eventually grades down to the 1.5%. In terms of future rate risk, of course, that’s going to be dependent upon what we see going on in Japan. We’ll do the same thing we do every year, which is test the reserves according to the rate environment. We’ve seen some very recent recovery, but as is often the case, we tend not to be shifting around our assumptions based on short-term moves in rates down or up. But we felt the Bank of Japan action earlier in the year was fairly significant and it somewhat recast a new rate environment for us, and so we felt it really prudent to recast our long-term rate assumptions. That’s not always going to be the case. The only other thing I would tell you is that realize that on this particular block, it’s 4% of our reserves. Together with dementia, that’s less than 10% of our reserves, and there is really no rate risk with the majority of business that we have in Japan. There is very little, if any, rate risk in the U.S., and really what we’re talking about here is a GAAP testing process. While we do test statutory and FSA, the reserves are quite adequate there. The margins are strong and we don’t see risk in our core capital ratios. If that helps you out, hopefully it gives you the information you need.
Jimmy Bhullar: Sure. Then maybe just for Teresa, there is a lot of talk obviously of changes in the healthcare landscape in the U.S. What’s the risk that the whole uncertainty about what the changes are going to be pressures your sales this year as small businesses sort of defer the decision to add additional benefits? Are you seeing some of that in the market, and do you expect--is that factored into your assumptions for sales growth this year?
Teresa White: Well, I’ll tell you there is a lot of talk about it, but I don’t have enough evidence to say whether it will impact sales or not. I have some meetings in the next couple of weeks with various broker partners, and I’m also talking to various folks in our field force to really just understand what they’re hearing and what they’re seeing, but at this point I think it’s still early yet, and I don’t know that I can assign that as a cost or put any factor on that as it relates to U.S. sales.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. Just to follow up on the U.S. sales, can you talk a little bit in terms of why you are seeing the weakness in the mid-case market?
Teresa White: Certainly. So we saw the less than 100s relatively flat. Mid-case market, as you are aware, is really serviced by both our veteran agents, and we have a number of veteran agents who have existing accounts in that mid-case market, but also it’s serviced by our broker partners. We’ve seen a lot more brokers move into that space. A couple of things that we’re doing in 2017, I explained that in 2016 our focus was on new and building that front end of the funnel. I think that we took the eye off of that mid-case market specifically from a veteran perspective, and so we’re driving some incentives to the mid-case market from a veteran perspective to allow them to be able to go back into their existing accounts and drive sales there.  The other piece of this is that as brokers have moved into that mid-case market, what we found is we were really underpenetrated from a broker sales professional perspective, so we call the people who are sales people for Aflac broker sales professionals, and we need to make sure that we actually can execute in that market, so we’re going to increase the number of people--25% increase in the number of people in that broker--as broker sales professionals to basically target the mid-case market. So I think it’s really more about under-penetration in that area.
Dan Amos: I’d also like to respond on that one moment. One of the things that we made a decision on, and Teresa played a big role in this, is the 100 to 250, we made a conscientious decision not to write that on a group platform. Now, one reason we did is our manual--so much of our systems over there is manual, and that’s why we’ve spent $25 million to invest in the future. We found out the 100 to 250, we were making basically zero profits or losing a little bit, and it was also taking time away from our accounts of 1,000 or more from a service perspective, so she made the call to concentrate on the 1,000, and that’s why you’ve seen a 12% compound growth in the 1,000 or more. So will we eventually go back to the 100 and 250? Yes, when these new systems are put in starting January 1 of next year. But we have moved away from that unless we have such a big block of business from a certain broker, and then we are taking that on as an entire block to keep them happy. But service is the issue there, as well as profitability.
Humphrey Lee: Got it. Thank you for the color. Then maybe shifting it to Japan a little bit, the cancer sales continue to be pretty strong throughout 2016, and I know part of it is because of the new cancer survivorship product being well received. How much would you consider this just because the reception being better than expected, or would it be partly because of Japan Post continuing to be delivering better than expected production relative to your baseline assumptions?
Paul Amos: Humphrey, thank you for the question. This is Paul. I will tell you that it’s a combination of all factors. First of all, cancer sales are not up just because of Japan Post or just because of the new product. No doubt the new product was additive and Japan Post has continued to produce in a manner that is in line with what we would expect and want. We can’t go into the specifics about any of their numbers, but what I can tell you is that the Japanese consumer continues to see cancer as a productive line of business that is positive for them, and continues to see--we continue to see across the board demand for the product, so we remain optimistic. Obviously as the numbers on this particular product and this particular launch of our cancer product over time will dissipate, but as you know, we always are looking to reinvent our products and launch new versions of those, and so just as we’ve announced on February 20 we’ll launch a new medical as well as a new first sector protection product in our GIFT plan, we will look in the future to eventually launch a new cancer plan, and we have every belief that the long term viability [indiscernible].
Humphrey Lee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Nadel with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open, sir.
John Nadel: Hi, good morning everybody. A question on the U.S. market. So clearly a shift for the larger case market. I’m just curious whether we should expect that the margin on sales generated to 1,000 lives or bigger groups should be similar, or probably I’m guessing lower than the margins you would generate at the lower end of the market, just given the pricing competition at the upper end.
Teresa White: This is Teresa. One of the things that we’re looking at is we’ve said that the group would have slightly--it’d probably be very similar, but slightly less than our margins on the individual side, and today as Dan talked about, what we’re really trying to work on is the thing that’s depressing the margin right now is more about administration. So as we work on administration, I think we can move the margins back to where we priced them.
Paul Amos: That’s right, and I would just add to that that there is a competitive landscape - no question - in the larger case market in general, and we’ll have to be mindful of that but realize that the types of returns we’re generating are quite comfortably well above our cost of capital and additive. But Teresa is exactly right - what you’ll find at a lot of companies is pricing for your aspirational expense base as opposed to pricing for your actual expenses, and Aflac’s practice is to price according to what we’re seeing in the way of administrative expenses, so many of the investments that Dan mentioned and Teresa just noted are designed around solving for a more efficient platform that creates the dynamic of improved returns going forward.
John Nadel: Just as a quick follow-up on that, how big is the differential right now in sort of priced foreign margin?
Paul Amos: You know, Todd, I don’t know whether you’ve got a view on that in terms of the differential in margin? I’m going to say at least a few hundred basis points.
Todd Daniels: Yes, that’s about right.
Paul Amos: I don’t want to guess, but Todd is nodding, so something in the neighborhood of 200 to 300 basis points would not be unusual.
John Nadel: Okay, that’s helpful. Then a question for Dan. Dan, you--
Paul Amos: Realize by the way--hey John, you realize, by the way, that’s starting from a very high return base on our core business, so it’s not like we’re talking 10% to 7%. We’re talking about mid-teens and seeing a 300 basis point differential in pricing.
John Nadel: Yes, I understand. Then Dan, just a question for you on the outlook for dividend growth, common dividend growth. You’ve talked for a long time now about targeting increases in the dividend over time in line with operating income growth, ex-currency. But I think by your own guidance for 2017 and certainly by our estimates, your operating income will be flat to down, EPS may be modestly up given the buybacks. Should we expect that maybe 2017 is a year where the dividend moves flat?
Dan Amos: No, I think you should look for an increase in the dividend. Where or how, I’m not exactly sure where it will end up, but as you know, we tend to be a little on the conservative side, and we always are very attuned to individual shareholders, and that is--of course, we have much more institutions today, but they are still a part of our company, so we’re always trying to find ways to make sure the dividend is growing.
John Nadel: Okay, and if I could follow up with one more quick one. If you didn’t hedge 90% of the costs, if you didn’t lock in 90% of the costs for the hedge program for 2017, how much higher today versus pre-election would those hedge costs be running?
Fred Crawford: I’ll toss to Eric on that, John, and we can comment on what we’re seeing.
Eric Kirsch: From election to now, I’d say it’s about, on a one-year basis, 20, 25 basis points. Keep in mind, the long end of the curve went up a lot since the election; the short end really has not moved all that much because it’s still based on short-term rate differentials, and on that basis with the Fed’s actions that they did in December were very much expected by the market. But the increase was more or less in line with our expectations in either event.
John Nadel: Got it, thank you so much.
Dan Amos: One other thing I just want to mention. One thing also that drives our interest in that dividend is we’re an elite group of people with going 34 years of continuing increases in the dividend, so I wouldn’t want to stop it for that, either.
John Nadel: Understood.
Operator: Our next question is from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. First just for Teresa, you’ve given some of these numbers, but was hoping you could just provide a couple more. In the U.S., can you just give the sales growth detail for groups, I guess both 1,000 lives as well as the midmarket, as well as what the growth was for the individual or small case? Then also, roughly how much does each channel contribute to your overall sales volumes?
Teresa White: The midmarket was actually our negative. We were in the negatives there, negative single digits, flat in the less than 100, and we had double-digit increases in the greater than 1,000. I can get specifics offline. Now, the other thing is the large majority of our business sits in the less than 100 category, so that’s where we have the majority of our business and then we go up to the mid-case and then the larger case.  Our challenge right now is from a broker perspective, whereas Aflac is very heavy - 70% of career, 30% broker production. Most of our competitors are just the opposite, and so our base is a lot bigger as far as the core, which then drives us to have to overcome that big base. The other thing is just when you look at the 100 to 999, if you just pull that out and you look at 250 to 999, that was relatively flat as well, so there’s a specific area within that 100 to 250 that we saw the level of decrease, and that’s where we’re really focusing. We believe some of that was primarily the instance that Dan talked about, which was the 100 to 250 space where we decided to be very selective in what we sold from a group perspective in those smaller case markets.
Dan Amos: It was self-inflicted, to a great degree.
Teresa White: Yes.
Erik Bass: Got it. Then just one follow-up for Paul. You mentioned the new EVER product you’re coming out with. I don’t know how many details you can give at this point, but would you characterize it as sort of a major revision, or just minor tweaks to the product?
Paul Amos: Yes, this is more of a major overhaul. We traditionally, over about a three-year period, will do both minor revisions or additions of small riders, as we did about 18 months ago. This particular revision is one that is more significant in nature. That said, as we’ve talked about both at MiniFab [ph] and otherwise, the competitiveness of the medical market continues to be strong, and so we feel that while this product will be additive to sales, I’m tempering excitement somewhat in the overall product launch but I feel that for most of our channels, it will be strong. Keep in mind, however, as we think about our strategic alliance partners, be it Daiichi, be it Japan Post, [indiscernible] and others, they don’t sell our medical product, and such a large percentage of our sales continues to be focused on cancer, and that’s something you have to keep in mind as you look at a product launch of EVER itself.
Erik Bass: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Your line is now open.
Ryan Krueger: Hey thanks, good morning. I have one for Fred. Do you have an update on how much of the $2.5 billion floating rate U.S. dollar portfolio that you’ve added so far?
Fred Crawford: Yes, so I think you’re referring to the switch trade that we did last year, where we sold out of U.S. dollar bonds, went into JGBs, and are now feathering our way back into a floating rate portfolio. I’m assuming that’s what your question is?
Ryan Krueger: Yes, [indiscernible].
Fred Crawford: Yes, so very little, very little. It will build throughout the year. In fact, and I’ll give you some additional detail, our estimate of the drag to net investment income in 2017 related to the switch trade is running right around $0.08 to $0.10 for the full year. The difference in that range will have to do with the pace of putting that money to work. We’re actively engaged in both qualifying and starting the process of preparing to fund as good loans come in our direction, and really emphasis on that last piece, and that is the pace of it is not--we’re not in a rush, if you will, to put money to work ignoring, if you will, the credit fundamentals. These tend to be by definition double-B-ish type investment credit ratings, and so you want to be particularly careful that you put it to work in a measured way. So we’ve been somewhat conservative and practical in that build of the portfolio, and expect it to go on throughout the year. Eric, if you’ve got something to add, please do.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, I would just add a couple of comments. In our planning, because we are forming more partnerships with lenders, if you will, both for middle market loans and transitional real estate, and I should mention that transitional real estate by and large is investment grade versus the middle market loans that are double-B. But in our planning relative to the guidance that Fred’s previously given to you is an assumption that we start to fund by the end of the second quarter. To the extent we’re able to get them online sooner, that will be a net positive to our earnings for the year; but we were conservative because as Fred said, we want to be conservative on the underwriting. We like underwriting, we like credit risk. We think we do that well, but because it’s a larger core allocation, we also have to be just as careful around onboarding and starting the process of more volume of those. So it’s conservatively estimated, but it will be a net positive to our net investment income after hedge costs, so while we took a short term decline in net investment income, long term this is a very good relative value proposition for our program.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, then one more for Teresa. I guess you have a long term U.S. sales target of 3 to 5% growth. Given some of the initiatives you’re working on for 2017, do you think that’s achievable this year?
Teresa White: I’m certainly still--I feel like we’re still going to be within the range of CAGR that we provided, so absolutely.
Ryan Krueger: Great, thank you.
Teresa White: Now I’m going to tell you, we’re going to have a tough first quarter. I do want to say that. But I feel pretty good about the--what we’ve already talked about, the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Partners. Your line is now open.
Randy Binner: Hey, good morning, thanks. I wanted to ask a question about the benefit ratio and kind of loss margins in Japan. That benefit ratio is higher in our model than it’s been several quarters just on a core basis, and my understanding was that utilization trends have just been very favorable in Japan, and that I kind of expected that benefit ratio to stay where it had been, maybe even work lower. So the question I have is, was there anything unusual in the benefit and loss activity in the fourth quarter, outside of the super care charge? And can I get an update on how loss trends and utilization is going in Japan? Hospital utilization is mostly what I’m referring to. 
Fred Crawford: Yes, I’ll answer a couple of the questions, and then certainly welcome Todd Daniels to comment on sort of utilization trends if he has more color to add. But just a couple things, and you hit on it, Randy, so first recognize that the reported benefit ratio to premium, the 74% that if you adjust for the reserve strengthening, that comes down to around 72.5%, 72.4%, and is actually consistent sequentially with what we reported in the third quarter. Now, it is a tick up from the fourth quarter last year, but that’s not unusual that you’ll have those types of fluctuations as you’re doing IB&R adjustments and the like every quarter, frankly. So that’s what I mean by saying that core benefit ratio, when adjusted for the reserve strengthening, is in line with our expectations in Japan. In terms of utilization and overall trends that are driving the benefit ratio and hospitalization trends, they have indeed been favorable, albeit that over time they naturally start the process of plateauing a bit, meaning that you eventually start to see it stabilize but at these favorable rates. So we do see pockets of improvement, but maybe not as material as they have been historically.  Todd, do you have anything you want to comment on?
Todd Daniels: Yes, I’ll just mention too that for the year-to-date benefit ratio when adjusting for the super care adjustment was 72.2% as a ratio to premium, and that’s still trending lower versus what we saw in ’14, ’15. Regarding the utilization, we are continuing to see hospitalizations trend in a positive manner, so we are reflecting that periodically as we do our reserve testing.
Randy Binner: Just as long as I have you on utilization, on the U.S. side the margins were pretty good. Any update on utilization trends there, because that’s also been a tailwind, I think, the last couple of years.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think there, it’s a slightly different story. There are those fundamental trends that have been positive, but there’s also a mix of business dynamic playing into it. Todd, again I’ll ask if you have anything to add.
Todd Daniels: That’s right - there’s some mix of business playing into it. As Fred mentioned, I think in the prior quarter, we have tended to sell more products with these guarantee issue features, and as we went into some of these products, we were relatively conservative with these--pricing these during these guarantee issue periods. We’ve seen some favorable experience with that, so as our mix of business has shifted to more products with those features, we have seen the benefit ratio come down. I will say as we look at things on an overall lifetime basis, we do see these ratios moderating a bit. I wouldn’t expect an increase in 2017, however; I think we’re still going to see a continuation of the benefit ratio we saw in 2016.
Fred Crawford: I think one thing I would add, and again I realize that any particular quarter does not tell that full story, but just don’t lose sight of the fact that there is some level of correlation between record U.S. profits and profit margin and our sales progression, and that is one thing that we have let our guard down on, is really a couple things. One is pricing with a level of conservatism, focus on high quality business, and we’re not going to chase competitive dynamics in pockets where we think it’s not the right kind of business for us. So again, it’s a long term plan of that type of discipline that yields the kind of earnings results in the U.S., but there is a correlation.
Randy Binner: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Sid Camus [ph] with CD [ph]. Your line is now open.
Sid Camus: Thanks and good morning. Just wanted to ask a couple more on the U.S. Teresa, in your prepared comments, you talked about some turnover disruption, I think associated with some of the senior leadership. How long do you think that’s going to take to fix?
Teresa White: Well, we put in the performance management plan end of 2014, I think is when we started it, so we had a full year in 2015. 2015, we basically are correlating sales growth with our compensation, and those that are in those roles--we also had some retirements as well, so I need to say that. But our goal is to make sure that when people move into those roles, they understand the dynamics of the market, they understand how the market--what they need to do within the market, and so obviously when something is just put in, you’re going to have a cycle of more moves than you have ongoing, so we hope to stabilize within 2017 to see what we have. We’ve been seeing a lot more competitors wanting to come in, come to join the markets as well, and so we’re hoping to see that stabilize within 2017. But you know, again, it’s really all about whether there is--whether the performance is where it needs to be.
Dan Amos: Let me make a comment about that. In the last 18 months, we’ve had a turnover at the MKD level, which would be equivalent to what we call in charge of the state, of 50% of the people. As Teresa said, it was either due to retirements or it was due to lack of income that they were used to because their sales were not where they should be, and therefore they made a lot less money. Because of all these openings, we’ve had opportunities not only to fill them with our people, but we’ve had a lot of competitors come our way and interested in those slots. Teresa has filled those slots with some key people that are growing our business, or that we expect to grow our business in 2017. But anytime you’ve got a lot of changes like this, it does take a little time, and as Teresa said, it makes it a little bit harder the first quarter because of all these changes, and so hopefully we’ll see it--
Teresa White: --stabilized in the year, yes.
Dan Amos: Okay?
Sid Camus: Yes, that’s fine. I had one follow-up actually, Dan, either for you or for Teresa, I guess. A couple years ago, we spent a lot of time talking about channel conflict between the brokers and the traditional agents. Some of the comments you made earlier, particularly in that mid-case market, it sounds like both of those distribution channels are participating in that mid-case market, so I guess the question is are those channel conflict issues behind us now, or is there still some of that stuff going on in the U.S.?
Teresa White: Well you know, I don’t know that channel conflict will ever be totally behind us from that perspective, but it’s not at a fever pitch. I think that our directors of sales, both on the career side - Andy Glaub, who is looking at it from a U.S. perspective, but focused on the career side, and then Drew Niziak, who is on the broker side, there’s a tremendous amount of collaboration that’s happening, and quite frankly in various markets, we see that our broker teams are working collectively with our career teams to enhance what we deliver to brokers as enrollers, etc.  So we’ve seen it work, we see it working, but are there still pockets where we have channel conflict? Absolutely, there are pockets. Really, I think that’s where--it really becomes a matter of understanding where the market is taking us and making sure that we deliver tools and services for each of the market sets, so both of those markets, especially from a career perspective, can grow. So that’s what we’ll continue to do.
Sid Camus: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. Teresa, just a follow-up on what’s going on, on the distribution side. Just to be clear, is the high turnover in some of the underperforming regions for the agency channel that you’re referring to, is that because they’re getting picked off and recruited away by competitors, or are those people that you’re firing, that you’re pushing out?
Teresa White: The majority of the people that have moved out of those market positions have moved into sales positions, so many of them have decided to move back down into a coordinator-type position within Aflac. So I’ve not heard of many of them going to competitors, if that was your question.
Tom Gallagher: Yes, it is. Thank you. Then--so from the standpoint of this turnover and the impact on sales, was a lot of this happening later in the year and that’s why 1Q is going to be affected? Can you talk us through the--
Teresa White: Right, so if you think about it from a sales perspective, we’re looking at sales targets by quarter, and most of the volume is hitting in the fourth quarter. So many of the changes happened within the third and fourth quarter where we started seeing that people were not going to meet objectives. Some of them decided that they would retire, that type of thing, so yes, that’s why we are anticipating a little bit more disruption in the fourth quarter as well as in the first quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. Then just Paul, a question for you. You were referencing the strategic alliance partners in Japan pivoting to their own products into the fiscal year-end as being one of the reasons why 1Q is going to be softer. Can you just comment on your level of confidence that this isn’t the beginning of a weaker trend with the alliance partners, that this 1Q dip is not the sign of some kind of signal for where those sales are likely to go in the subsequent quarter as well?
Paul Amos: I obviously can’t get into specifics, but I can tell you I’m extremely confident. The reality is that for their fiscal fourth quarter, and of course kicking off their year, the beginning of the first quarter for them is the second quarter for us, sales could be slightly light; but we know the second half of the year will be strong. We talk to our partners and make commitments internally on an annual basis. As I’ve said, they outperformed the first three quarters of their year, ending in the end of last year, and as I can’t go into specifics and I don’t want to put us in any kind of a precarious situation, all I can say is that I think this is temporary in nature and is partly reflective of the success that we’ve had with our alliance partners, but should in no way temper future expectations.
Dan Amos: I will make a comment that I’ve seen this with Daiichi Life - once they make their numbers, they tend to focus on other things and then set the new numbers for the next year. So the way these numbers will fall out after the first quarter will be a new year, so they’ll be setting the new numbers and making those, and that’s just their way of doing business from a Japanese perspective.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Robin Wilkey: All right, thank you very much. We’ve answered all the calls that came in, so please let me just follow up with a couple comments. I want to share with you today our calendar for 2017 is available on the investor relations page of aflac.com. I would also point out that our financial analysts meeting that has historically been held in May has been moved to a September time frame, and this year it will be held on September 28 - that’s September 28 in New York. Please feel free to call our investor and rating agency relations department with any questions, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - SVP, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO, Aflac and Aflac Incorporated Fred Crawford - EVP and CFO, Aflac Incorporated Teresa White - President, Aflac US Eric Kirsch - EVP and Global Chief Investment Officer, Aflac
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan John Nadel - Credit Suisse Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs Seth Weiss - Bank of America Humphrey Lee - Dowling and Partners Ryan Krueger - KBW Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Tom Gallagher - Evercore ISI
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Third Quarter Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you and good morning. And welcome to our third quarter call. Joining me this morning from US is Dan Amos, our Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac US and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Joining us from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan; and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some statements in our teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to take a look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I’m going to turn the program over to Dan who’ll begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the US, Fred will follow with some brief comments about our financial performance for the quarter and outlook for the year. Dan?
Dan Amos: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin by saying that I’m pleased with the company’s overall financial results for both the third quarter and the first nine months of the year. As you no doubt saw from yesterday’s press release these strong results gave us confidence to an upwardly revised our operating EPS outlook for this year to the range of $6.40 to $6.60. Fred will provide more color on earnings and our outlook during his comments. I will lead off by providing an update of Aflac Japan our largest earnings contributor. From a distribution perspective our traditional licensees which include individual licensees, independent corporate agencies, affiliated corporate agencies have historically been and remained to-date viable contributors to our success. Additionally our alliance partners continue to advance our strong results. I’m particularly pleased that just this month Japan posed through its 20,000 plus postal outlets begin selling our new cancer insurance product designed exclusively for cancer survivors. Our traditional agencies first began selling this product in March, 2016 while we anticipate the sale of our cancer insurance for cancer survivors we’ll be slightly additive to our overall sales results more importantly it underscores our reputation and commitment to being there for Japanese consumers, when they need us most. These various distributions outlets further our goal of having a presence in all the places people want to make their insurance decisions. From a product perspective, I’m pleased with the progress we’ve made in limiting the sale of first sector savings products which are interest-sensitive. First sector product sales decreased 54% in the quarter putting us squarely on target to reduce first sector sales by at least 50% in the second half of the year compared to the second half of 2015. We have been aggressively and pulling product from select channels conservatively re-pricing our WAYS and endowment products for the reality of a prolonged low interest rate environment. We are extremely encouraged with this significant progress we’ve made in limiting the sale of the first sector products. Turning to the third sector sales results. You’ll recall that we upwardly revised our annual sales target to these products last month, at the Tokyo Analyst briefing making this the second positive revision to our sales target this year. At the meeting, we announced new third sector sales outlet to flat to up 5%. We’re pleased that Aflac Japan generated a third sector sales increase of 2.5% for the quarter and 5% year-to-date. These strong sales results in the face of difficult comparisons reflect stronger than expected productivity across the majority of the distribution channels. This is even more notable when you consider the sales through the bank channels have been moderated significantly by restrictions on the sale of first sector products. I’ll remind you that fourth quarter still presents difficult third sector comparisons particularly following two years of extremely strong cancer and medical sales. Our third quarter sales results also benefited from the July introduction of the new third sector product called income support insurance which has accounted for 7.8 million yen or 3.3% of the third sector sales. This product provides fixed benefit amounts in the event that a policyholder is unable to work due to significant illness or injury. Additionally, this product was developed to supplement the disability coverage within Japan social security system. Our income support insurance product targets young to middle age consumer ranging in the age from 20 through their 40s, a segment of the population in which we believe were underpenetrated and represented. By focusing our efforts on this demographic, we believe that we’re building relationships to lay the groundwork for the sale of cancer and medical insurance later in life. While it’s still early we’re happy with the reception of the income support insurance, as received. We believe this product has the potential to gradually develop into a new Aflac pillar products over the long-term. Turning to Aflac US, we are pleased with our earnings are exceeding our expectations to the first nine months. Profitability in the quarter was driven by improving benefit ratios that we continue to see over the last several years. We have simultaneously pushed resources back into the business and particularly we’re investing in an end-to-end system for the group platform that will provide the capabilities of all of our group constituents including brokers who typically sell group products. While we are expanding our presence in the voluntary work side insurance market, we are also being very disciplined in the pricing of the business, especially as it relates to the profitability within the smaller case group space that includes employers 100 to 250 workers. Although sales in the quarter were lower than expected, I will remind that I said many times that fourth quarter sales and particularly sales in the last three weeks of the year largely determine our annual sales results. Our efforts are focused on increasing the productivity of our career agents and brokers. I believe the measures that we rolled out over a six month period beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 are the wide approach and as you’ll recall one major element of the changes we made including the compensation to better align incentives for the career agents with company sales results. We’re continuing to fine tune our compensation package for our top sales management to closely align pay with performance. With this superior incentive program we’re seeing our top sales management begin paid extremely well and some of the poor performing sales managers have decided that they’d rather concentrate on sales instead of management. While we have like to have seen, the measures, the more immediate impact on our sales results, we know that it can take some time. However, I want to point out that we are exceeding our profit target while implementing these changes. Most importantly, we continue to believe the changes that we’ve made through our sales infrastructure and compensation are in the best interest of the company to produce long-term results. We also remained encouraged with the broker business. Over the last few years our sales threw the broker channel have grown. Our fourth quarter sales results have become more and more impactful as you saw in 2014 and 2015. This means it becomes more and more challenging to project full year sales even though sales results for the first seven nine months we know, although I’m encouraged by the pipeline of business schedules for the fourth quarter. We’re still enhancing our forecasting of how much of the pipeline materializes into actual sales results. Therefore we believe Aflac US will require particularly strong fourth quarter in order to meet the lower end of the 3% to 5% target increase for 2016. I will remind you that our brand is a key differentiator for Aflac both in Japan and in the United States. As a product innovator and trusted brand in both countries we experienced a tremendous amount of success leveraging the strength of our brand to drive sales in both countries nine out of 10 consumers recognize the Aflac brand. But our brand is more than the Aflac duck for the advertising initiatives. It’s also about how we take excellent care of the policyholders. In Japan, as our powerful brand has propelled Aflac to ensure one out of four households. In the United States, we processed, approved and paid nearly $1.3 million one day pay clients in the first nine months of 2016. And most importantly 96% of the policyholders that use one day pay said they’re likely to refer other people to Aflac. We believe this will result in more new sales going forward. Our products are well suited in both Japan and the United States market. And we are well positioned in the two largest insurance markets in the world. Turning to capital deployment, let me just say that we continue to view growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares is the most attractive means for deploying capital particularly in the absence of any compelling alternatives. We are on target to repurchase about $1.4 billion of our shares with the majority already repurchased during the first nine months of the year. The Board of Directors action to increase the dividend by 4.9% demonstrates our commitment to rewarding our shareholders. This marks the 34th consecutive year of increasing our cash dividend. We are proud of the achievement and our objective is to grow the cash dividend right in line with the increase in the operating earnings per diluted share before the impact to foreign currency translation. We continue to manage the business for the long-term benefit of the shareholders, the policyholders and all stakeholders. We believe, we will continue to achieve more by building on these strategies and the foundations that have propelled our success. By doing this, I believe we will continue to enhance shareholder value while delivering on our promise to the policyholders. And now let me turn the program over to Fred, who’ll cover the financial results and outlook. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. Our third quarter performance continues the strong financial results reported in the first half of 2016 and execution on key initiatives design to drive long-term growth and effective allocation of our capital. Our results were driven by strong overall margins in both Japan and the US. Operating EPS increased 16.7% or $0.26 per share with a little over half the growth driven by the strengthening of the yen and the remaining from share repurchase and pure earnings growth. Excluding the impact of the yen operating earnings increased 7% as compared to the previous year’s quarter. Our Japan segment margins were solid. We concluded as part of our annual actuarial review process that it was appropriate to reduce the IBNR reserves for our cancer insurance block of business by approximately 4.6 billion yen or $0.07 a share. This amount is very similar to the adjustment we made in the third quarter last year and reflects continued strong cancer claims experience. Expense ratios were generally in line with our guidance. In the US benefit ratios continue their favourable trends for the year. Our expense ratios was favourable to our expectations for the quarter. Consistent with previous year, we fully expect our expenses to tick up in the fourth quarter as we make progress on certain strategic initiatives and increase our promotional and IT spend. Overall our US pre-tax profit margins are set to perform at or above the high end of our 2016 guidance range of 17% to 19% for the year. For both Japan and the US, we will spend some time on our December Outlook Call discussing revenue trends. Benefit ratio drivers and specific to expense ratios where we intend to invest in the platform throughout 2017. Turning to investments, results were both by the quarter end and year and were aligned, year-to-date were aligned with our expectations as we continue to navigate the low yield environment and further diversify our portfolio. As we discuss during our Analyst briefing in Japan, we continue to execute on a comprehensive plan that includes for channelling interest-sensitive premium flows through actions to reduce the sale of first sector savings products developing alternative high quality yen investments including a measured re-entry back into yen private placements. Finally executing on our US Dollar investment strategy where we can hedge market value affectively and optimize investment income consistent with risk ALM and capital objectives. With respect to our US Dollar program in hedge cost, our reported third quarter cost were elevated recognizing the currently isolate and report the full cost of forwards in the period we purchase. Consistent with the strategy we have outlined to at our Analyst briefing in Japan we have successfully executed uncovering approximately $3.3 billion of additional US Dollar assets under the hedge program and have proactively extended the duration of our forwards to better manage 2017 cost and associated volatility. Both of these actions will serve to exaggerate our reported cost in the period under our current reporting. Amortizing the cost over the life of the forwards, the non-GAAP reporting convention we plan to adopt in 2017. Our hedge cost for the entire book of hedges were $54 million pre-tax or $0.09 a share this quarter. Assuming no material change in hedging strategy and our current reporting method, our pre-tax hedge cost guidance remains in the $280 million to $300 million range for 2016. Moving to an amortized basis for reporting tactically extending duration continuing to refine the asset allocation and hedging strategy will serve to reduce the quarterly volatility as we incorporate hedge cost into our definition of operating earnings for 2017. We’ll cover this approach and forecast in more detail at our Outlook Call in December. Turning to capital, we commented last quarter that hedging additional US Dollar asset classes would further strengthen our SMR. We ended the quarter with an estimated SMR above 900% up significantly from last quarter. RBC is also preliminary at this point, but we expected to remain strong in the mid 800% range despite the strengthening of the yen in packing our ratio negatively throughout the year. This is the result of the Japan branch embedded in our US statutory results. Overall credit conditions are stable impairments in the quarter were modest and primarily related to our Japan equity portfolios where depressed market values have triggered impairments in accordance with our internal accounting policies. We continue to return capital to the shareholders between dividends and repurchase, we’ve returned approximately $1.7 billion to our shareholders year-to-date. We continue to spend down excess capital held at the holding company and expect achieve our target of $1.4 billion in repurchase for the full year. As Dan highlighted our board elected to increase the shareholder dividend $0.43 per share for quarter, a 4.9% increase in marking our 34th consecutive year of dividend increases. Bolstered by US segment earnings outperformance and solid results in Japan, we’re comfortable increasing our 2016 earnings guidance to $6.40 a share to $6.60 per share on a currency neutral basis. We have provided in our press release an EPS range for the fourth quarter assuming yen/dollar exchange rate of 100 to 110. As mentioned last quarter, we are conducting our normal actuarial review of interest sensitive blocks of business in Japan. There are two smaller legacy blocks of interest sensitive third sector business that may require strengthening as these blocks have been susceptible to strengthening in the past. In addition from a corporate perspective post-retirement benefit liabilities are sensitive to long-term rate assumptions and when that finalized we anticipate an adjustment in fourth quarter and suspect this will be a common theme among many large corporate entities. Overall we remained well positioned in terms of core margins and capital strength and look forward to our December outlook call where we will expand on our strategic plans and 2017 outlook. I’ll now hand the call back to Robin to begin our Q&A session. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Fred. Now we’re ready to start taking your questions. But first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody please limit yourselves to one initial questions and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. We’re now ready to begin with the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] we have our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: My question was just on your higher EPS guidance. If you could discuss whether it was more the benefits ratio coming in better that gave you the confidence to raise the range or was it just lower discretionary spending. And to what extent are these things that will affect next year? Like if it is spending, could that spending go over next year or likewise, if it's the benefits ratio, should that continue to be favorable through next year as well?
Fred Crawford: Sure, Jimmy thank you for the question. This is Fred. Really the revision to our guidance is, as I mentioned in my comments largely bolstered by outperformance relative to our expectations on the earnings front in the US. However I would add that year-to-date both the US and Japan have been traveling at generally favourable ends of our ranges for both benefit ratios and expense ratios and so I made a point to say also or point out that Japan solid results are contributing as well, but the true outperformance relative to our expectations was more pronounced in the US earning side. In terms of as we look forward, we will spend a big deal of time not surprisingly during our December Outlook Call talking about the trends as we look at next year so I’ll spend more time there. I would say in general you would expect us in the fourth quarter for example to see some expenses pick up. This is not uncommon if you follow the company over the last few years you’ll see that tick up has to do with the timing of promotional spend and the natural progression of initiatives as we go throughout the year. As we go into the next year, we will continue to be investing particularly in our US platform and we’ll speak more about that. I don’t know that I would suggest it to be material but you would see a slightly elevated expense ratio as we invest in that platform and then in terms of benefit ratios. We’ve been tracking in particularly in the US at a favourable level. We expect to some degree to see a continuation of that near term eventually normalizing back towards our range. But we have seen some persistency if you will relative to the benefit ratio being favourably throughout the year and based on what we’re seeing right now, that should continue for a bit, but we’ll talk more about it during the outlook call.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then if I could ask one more, just on your hedge cost, it was pretty high this quarter. To what extent did the increase related - you're just increasing duration and if you could just give us some color on how far you are going out on new purchases and what the basis point cost is for the hedges, that you are putting on?
Fred Crawford: Yes, there is really two principle drivers of the hedge cost being up, given how we report it and that was really the tactical moves made in the quarter and it was a combination of extending duration as you mentioned. I would say over the past year for example, we’ve pushed that duration of our hedge portfolio out from roughly four or five months to upwards now 10 months and that means by definition we’re buying out into the 1 year 18 month timeframe in some cases on the forward curve. This is in part not only to manage forward volatility which we think is important for consistency and stability of our reported earnings and cost, but it’s also because we’ve actually seen a flattening of the forward curve, where it’s more economic for us to go a little longer and lack some of that in, so we’ve been quite tactical on that front. The other piece that contributing over the course is just simply covering more assets and in particularly covering assets that we’ve been building in the US Dollar portfolio things like bank loans, commercial real estate and equities. We’re covering those assets are important not only from the pure hedging perspective but also you get the favourable capital treatment or really protect the favourable capital treatment that you need for SMR. So those have been the two areas of contribution I would say about 35% or so, the cost related to duration extension in the quarter and about 40% of the cost increase or the cost you’re seeing related to covering additional assets just to give you some round numbers. Again we’ll be moving to an amortized basis, which is a more logical way of looking at the cost going forward. I’ve tried to give you some color for what the quarter looks like if you were to amortize cost today. We really believe in the tactical moves we’re making and during the outlook call, we’ll give you a full rendering of how the year would look and how comparable years would look, as we incorporate it into our forecast for 2017.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Nadel with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open, sir.
John Nadel: Two questions. One, Fred, just real quick, what is the size of the notional amount of the hedged asset program as of the end of the third quarter? I know it was $14.3 billion or $14.4 billion last quarter. It sounds like it's probably in the $17.5 billion, but if you have the number that would be great.
Fred Crawford: And Eric you can jump in, but I think we’re traveling close to the $16 billion and this would be particular to the forwards that we’re covering. So John, realize that we use two instruments to hedge the vast majority of what we use our forwards and that’s where the cost comes in. we also do some collaring on a small portion of the assets, which tends to a much, much lower cost type approach to hedging. The vast majority of our hedging has done using forwards and that notional is traveling around $16 billion up from around $12.7 billion in the second quarter to give you an idea. And I think I’m going to anticipate where you may be going with this question from an understanding forward cost and that is, if you were to take our $16 billion in notional and just hold that constant, we’re seeing cost traveling between you know 170 to 180 basis points actually more recently it’s gotten a bit favourable coming off BOJ and Fed announcements, that’s why we move to accelerate locking in some other cost. But we think it’s more wise to be thinking in that 180 basis point range and that gives you a sense of where we’re traveling from an amortization perspective.
John Nadel: Okay, that's helpful. And would you anticipate that a Fed hike, I guess in December, would - all else equal, would increase that cost?
Fred Crawford: You it’s always hard to say and the reason for it John as well on in theory, a Fed moving rates up and the BOJ staying put or continuing to move rates down, widens out your hedge cost realized at that things are priced into the market and so to what degree a Fed rate hike is already priced into the market, is a bit speculation. I don’t know if you have any.
Eric Kirsch: I’ll just add to Fred’s comment. Today if you looked at one year hedge cost are about 168, but we’re anticipating upward pressure for exactly the reason you said, if you looked at the forward curve one year from now, one year hedge cost about 200 basis points. So to Fred’s point, the market is anticipating the Fed hike.
John Nadel: Yes, understood.
Eric Kirsch: One year [ph] from now, we would expect hedge cost probably to be higher 20, 25, 30 bps anticipating some Fed activity, but even by the Federal Reserve’s own public announcements, even if they raise rates they’ve been very clear slow and gradual nothing sharp because US economy won’t support that.
John Nadel: And then that last follow-up on this one is just, if you look out a year from now approximately how much growth would you expect to see in the actual US Dollar investment program that would require the hedge.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think we will provide some back up to that John on the outlook call. I don’t want to steal some of the announcements from that. So I would suggest you will go into more detail. I will point this out however, it’s not simply a matter of growth in the US Dollar program, which I would anticipate to be gradual. It’s also the mix of where we’re investing and what you’ve seen onto do through bank loans for example middle market lending and then more recently exploring transitional real estate lending which is just a form of bridge loans, commercial real estate. These are all characterizes being floating rate US Dollar investments not that’s particularly advantageous for us because one you’ll tend to hedge that using short dated forwards where it’s relatively less expensive forwards, but also from a duration matching perspective you end up, then is a same pressure that supply to hedge cost tend to result in increased LIBOR rates and returns are yields on the floating rate securities, but one of the things that we’re working on is not just the notion of asset allocation and where the US Dollar programs goes, but also refining our asset allocation in that portfolio to be more effective as I mentioned in my comments more efficient and effective in hedging and in the process further managing volatility.
John Nadel: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Kovac: Wanted to focus a little bit on the US sales slowdown this quarter kind of relative to your longer term expectations and wondering if we could dig in a little bit more to what was really driving at this quarter. It seems like slow down across some of the accident in core cancer products but any additional color you can provide will helpful.
Teresa White: This is Teresa, so thank you for the question Michael. The weak sales this quarter really I think attribute to the changes that we’ve made that are settling in. The markets that are succeeding have three fundamentals; one is, tightened broker collaboration, the second is as Dan talked about productivity per producer increased and improved productivity per producer and then the third thing is an increase in conversion rates that were approved to producers. What we’re really focused on is making sure that we managed the full performance of all of the markets from that perspective. We are seeing some positives, we’re seeing positive growth in new account. We’re seeing positive growth in producer productivity. But we don’t have all markets flicking on all cylinders and so that’s really the focus from a US perspective.
Dan Amos: And I’m like one other contract, the new contract that we put in 18 months ago or so what you saw is, if you remember we had an enormous four quarter that year and a lot of people stayed around continued to produce, but now that half the organization is doing great and making more, the other half is making less money. These ones that are making less money who are making money under the old contract, so they’re having to perform to get paid which is the way we want it, but a lot of them re-evaluating how hard do I want to work for that money? And if they want to work hard, they can make a lot more and some of them are saying, I’ve done well I’m going to take my money and I’m going to move more towards just sales and not have to worry with sales management and how much more complicated it’s gotten. I mean, Everwell one day pay, all these other aspects have changed them from just being a sales manager to the managing or from changing from just managing sales to being a real sales manager which includes looking at profitability making sure we’re just blending our approaching to offering group products at certain prizes and so we’re going through a little change with that, we hope wouldn’t happen but I’m certainly not surprised and so that’s the other aspect.
Michael Kovac: Great and then I guess now that it’s been sort of 18 months as you mentioned since the initial rollout, do you feel like most of that is sort of through the system or should you expect to kind of continued drag from sort of the transition through the next couple of quarters.
Dan Amos: I think that it’s hard to call, I can’t tell you how much the market’s changed. I’ve been around here long time and it’s always been more of the same for the first 25 years I was doing it, now it’s not, it’s - our great sales organization which I’m so happy with and but in addition to that it’s the brokers, it’s the change what we never had the skew of business to the fourth quarter but because of the way they enrol the accounts. The way it’s working now wears me out it’s like a football game where you got to pull it out in the fourth quarter, but that number’s becoming larger and larger and we’re trying to shift it more to the third quarter and it didn’t work, they still want to turn it in, in the fourth quarter and we had more control over the associates because they listen more but when you deal with this broad based broker, you just take it when - but we got this big pipeline. So I think things are moving in the right direction, but I still believe next year the fourth quarter is still going to be big because of the way it happens.
Teresa White: Yes and I’ll say from a pipeline perspective when you look reenrolment, you look at new business in the pipeline, the pipeline looks good. So we feel good about the pipeline but to Dan’s point you got to pull it out in the fourth quarter which is very, very different from what we’ve been accustomed to in the past.
Michael Kovac: Great. That's helpful. And one last follow-up on that. As we think about the promotional expenses, I know Fred and others mentioned that those tend to be higher in the fourth quarter, should we expect them to be above prior year's levels as a result of sort of trying to pick up some of the potential sales growth in the US?
Fred Crawford: Not particularly, actually our overall budget year-over-year is relatively stable from an overall promotional and marketing spend, there may be modest differences quarter-over-quarter from a timing perspective and particular timing of ad spend and so forth, but the notion of that being bunched around enrolment season and in the fourth quarter is not unusual and there’s not really a large step up Delta, if you will to the promotional spend.
Dan Amos: I will make one final comment and that is I don’t like the sales quite where they are, I like them better but I like what’s happening in our operations. I like the idea that we’re doing the one day pay, I like what’s happening with Everwell. I like how the brokers are coming on. I like what I’m seeing in writing large accounts, but we’re being disciplined and not just writing every account, some they couldn’t be profitable were passing by. I like what Teresa is doing and merging the brokers and the associates together. But with that are growing pains, but all in all I’m pleased to what’s taking place in that regard. I just want stronger sales.
Michael Kovac: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Weiss with Bank of America. Your line is now open sir.
Seth Weiss: Fred, I wanted to follow-up on your comments that in the US you expect the beneficial underwriting trends to persist in the near term but normalize back in the long-term, could you just comment on what gives you the visibility in both the near term and long-term?
Fred Crawford: What we’re seeing right now is first of all realized of course, benefit ratios will fluctuate each quarter and so there will be quarters where we’re in our range and quarters where we move it in the range are little favorable, but what we’re seeing year-to-date even somewhat last year and the latter stages of last year, is a consistently favorable benefit ratio and what we see going on there we believe relates to somewhat to mix of business and two particular types of business that are driving this, we believe our one group business where group business naturally is priced to and expected to travel at a lower benefit ratio than you would find say on individual products in the way it’s priced and that’s just the function of how it’s priced and that’s just the function of how it’s priced and structured as a product. And as business grows and becomes more of our in force and plays more of an influence on our benefit ratio is just a little bit of that. The other dynamic though is really more guaranteed issue business, where the actual building reserves tends to be slower and more moderate in their early years and so as you start to sell more of that guaranteed issue business as proportion of other business, you’ll see just the slower ramp up in reserves and a generally more favorable near term benefit ratio. So that’s what I mean when I say we would expect to see as those types of business age, that they will age back into our expected long-term range of benefit ratio, but for a period here. It looks as if we’re traveling at a again a persistently low benefit ratio relative to our expectations and again it’s all on the margin, where we’re traveling I think maybe 50 or so basis points, better than our guidance in general, but we’ll provide more of an update on this and some trends as we get to the outlook call.
Seth Weiss: Great, thank you and once quick follow-up just on the hedge cost. You commented or reiterated at $280 to $300 million range for the full year. I believe you’re already at the low end of that range, so could we assume that you’ve effectively done most of your purchases for the year on the US Dollar denominated program.
Fred Crawford: That’s right unless we take a different tactical approach, for example decide into aggressively lock in more long-term hedges than we would expect to stick with that guidance and what that really means is, you can see we’ve covered effectively all of our needs, we’re right now about 98% covered if you will on our hedge activity in 2016 and furthermore, we’ve gone into 2017 and we covered a lock in if you will about 40% of our cost in 2017 and that’s what we want to try to do, we’re going to try rolling if you will as we go forward, so that we can create a level of consistency in our hedge cost.
Seth Weiss: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Humphrey Lee with Dowling and Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Just another follow-up on these hedging costs, given a lot of the Japanese insurance companies you’re talking about expanding the foreign investment program backed by a hedging program behind it. So from a hedging instrument perspective given the higher demand, do you see any potential impact on the hedging cost from the capacity perspective, from your counterparties?
Fred Crawford: From my conversations with the team, I’ll ask Eric to weigh in though. The forward market particularly the forward market involving two of the largest and more stable currencies on planet Dollar and yen is such a deep and strong market that you tend not to see the ebb and flow of purchasing and selling having a tremendous impact on it. There will be times where supply and demand do play-in, in fact into the forward cost that’s natural and by the way by locking in a little bit longer we have the ability to sort of step out on the margin where necessary and step back in tactically and that’s part of what we try to do on the margin. So there’s no doubt, there’s some possible influence but I’m not sure given the depth of this market that it would be significant, but Eric maybe you have some comments.
Eric Kirsch: Fred’s absolutely right, there’s not an issue, the availability of forwards. There’s plenty of capacity in the market from counterparties, however it does drive into the price of the forwards. We tend to mostly talk about the difference between central bank policy between the Fed and Japan that is the largest driver and [indiscernible] is the largest driver, but there is also something called the basis is basically a reflection of supply and demand for dollars. But to your point, a lot of Japanese insurance and other investors outside of Japan are buying along the dollar assets and therefore in the currency market and that will drive up the price in the forwards, but it will not reduce the supply. There is more than ample supply for the most liquid market in the world.
Humphrey Lee: So to that point, even if longer term, the interest rate environment to become more normalized. But if there is [indiscernible], there is the demand from the Japanese insurance companies that could create an upward pressure on the basis.
Fred Crawford: That’s right investors from around the world, not just Japanese insurance companies.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. And then just to follow up on the US dollar investment. So to the point that they are definitely a greater demand from foreign buyers of US assets, so for your tactical shift in terms of your asset allocation to bank loans and middle market lending, have those asset classes been tapped and by the other foreign buyers as well, and if so, can you talk about the competitive landscape in terms of sourcing of these assets?
Eric Kirsch: Happy to. It’s a very, very large market and is attractive to insurance companies like ourselves. However there is a trend of a shift capital available, to the loan, middle market, loan market, even transitional real estate and what I mean by that is, there’s thousands of lenders across the United States lending to thousands of small middle market company and in the real estate market. Historically banks have been the capital providers to those loans markets for the lenders if you will as well as re-syndicating some of those loans because of Dodd-Frank the banks have removed themselves from that market, it’s no longer capital friendly for them. For an insurance company like us, we like to focus on credit risk and underwriting where we can negotiate, very tight covenants [ph], of high predictability of securement [ph] of loans if you will and our money so it’s an attractive asset class, so yes it’s true. There is a trend of insurance companies and other investors substituting for the banks. So in a way, the zero sum game I couldn’t give you exact specifics but insurance companies are coming in, where banks are leaving and providing that capital to the market. Now naturally, to supply and demand, so there may be more demand than there’s been in the past and that might tighten spread to that but you’re getting paid for taking the credit risk and those types of particular loans, companies but you’re also getting senior secured status, very tight negotiations to your favor to protect yourself in case there is any credit challenges with the company.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, thank you for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Your line is now open, sir.
Ryan Krueger: Fred, first, I wanted to follow up on your comments about the fourth-quarter actuarial and post-retirement benefit review. Are those - are anticipated impacts from those included in your fourth-quarter EPS guidance or would that be viewed as separate impacts?
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s. Here’s how to think about it. In terms of our fourth quarter estimates, the post-retirement benefit adjustment we have allocated or set aside in our forecast, in our estimate an amount of money. It is preliminary and we don’t have the final because it ends up being the result of a final posting if you will of the pension interest expense or basis points from a composite and so what the pensioner world waits for is the production of that composite, but we fully anticipate it to be down. It’s hard to envision there being a recovery in it and as a result, we have a greater level of confidence there will be something and so we have set aside some money for that. In the case of our review of these legacy blocks of business I mentioned, that is not in the number because we really are too early in the process to know what might be the practical ranges or if it will be a resource for anything at all on those products and so we do not have anything in the numbers for that.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, thanks and then another follow-up on the US sales. Is the comment that it will be more challenging to meet the 3% to 5% full year target, should we view that as more reflective of somewhat lower sales in the first few quarters of the year relative to what you would have expected or does it have more to do with your actual outlook for the fourth quarter and broker production?
Teresa White: I think the broker production as far as the pipeline looks pretty good, so within the range. I had hoped that we would be a lot further along after the third quarter and so I would view it more so as my disappointment in where we are as of the end of the third quarter. However, I will say this as Dan said, there’s a plenty of opportunity for us to really bring in new business. We also are looking at the profile of the business that we’re trying to bring and we are turning down some of the cases and so, when we talk about it, going to be a little bit more difficult. It’s really going to require a great fourth quarter for us now. We said that the last couple of years and our sales teams delivered. So that’s really just kind of how I’m looking at it at this point. Do you have anything else, Dan?
Ryan Krueger: Okay, thanks a lot. Appreciated.
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open sir.
Yaron Kinar: I also have a question on us sales so and talking about your forecast and the environment you’re seeing right now, you talked a lot about the distribution force and the dynamics that you’re seeing there. Can you also talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in terms of the competitive landscape from manufacturing perspective?
Teresa White: Well from a competitive and did I hear manufacturing perspective?
Dan Amos: Competitive.
Teresa White: Okay, so from a competitive perspective. We are seeing a lot more competitors in the voluntary space. Some of the employer paid benefits are now becoming voluntary benefits. So again, additional voluntary benefits in this space. At this point, we’re also seeing competitive bids specifically on the broker business. Some of the bids as I said earlier, we really are passing on because of the profile of the business and we want a really stable product profile and some were choosing to partner to get like the long-term care type products. So we’re trying to go to best-and-breed to get those, so really from a competitive set we’re seeing a lot more competitors in the market. But we still feel good about what we’re doing in the market as well.
Dan Amos: I want to say one other thing about this. This is not unusual ended. I can go back 20 years ago and remember when our competitors got in the market and they were going to cobalt and chemotherapy benefits. We kept telling ourselves, we couldn’t meet that they ended up having 50% rate increases two or three times in a row to offset that. The good news is we’ve got all these statistics of what we’ve been doing in the cancer insurance business and in this area. For so many years, we kind of know how to price it and some that want to make lowballs it generally bites them later on. And yes, it gives us a little problem short-term to sales go back 20 years ago, we were losing sales to some of the competitors couple of those companies aren’t in business anymore and few that were had to change the way they approach things. So this is not that unusual that we’re having people lowball on products. We’ve seen in Japan, but the fact is we know what we’re doing and we’re pricing it right and we’re giving the customer a good value and in return we’re making a good profit.
Yaron Kinar: I appreciate the color. And then another question. Regarding the revised guidance, if I back - out of the numbers correctly, I think I got to roughly flat constant currency earnings in the fourth quarter and the midpoint of that guidance range. And if I heard Fred's comments earlier, I think those numbers don't include the potential adjustments to reserves or on the pension front at this point - retirement [ph] front, sorry, at this point. So what other drivers are there right now that are serving as a head wind relative to last year or is it just that last year was a very strong quarter?
Fred Crawford: No, I would say in general it’s really a couple of things. One is what I mentioned we believe there will be a bit of an acceleration and expenses in the fourth quarter that’s what we’re forecasting, sometimes that plays, sometimes the timing of that doesn’t play out but at the moment that’s our forecast and then again recalled it. I did in fact include some level of expense related to what we believe is inevitable post-retirement benefit adjustment related to interest rates. Now again that’s not finalized and you need to understand the final before you can book anything, but we know enough to know that there’s a probably a range amount in there. So that’s a little bit of what’s traveling through the number and you know obviously we’ll continue to do our best to meet or exceed the forecast as best we can.
Yaron Kinar: But I thought that fourth quarter usually see an acceleration of expenses. So wouldn't that have held through last year as well?
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s all relative it’s a matter of how big the acceleration was last year and how big this year. So I would say those are really the issues.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open sir.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. Another question on the hedging program. So Fred, if you factor in the cost of hedges currently and then you consider the impact on your first sector business like WAYS, are those products still going to be profitable when you factor in the cost of rolling these hedges here? And is that the way you're thinking about it at a discreet product level in terms of profits or are you thinking about the hedge in a different way? Is that sort of a corporate expense? It's discreet and not being factored in at the product level?
Fred Crawford: No, it’s not discreet, in the sense when we look at our - are putting new money to work if you will premium and what new money assumptions that’s called the new money curve, we need to achieve to achieve certain profitability levels. We not only factor in what I would call the gross yields we would expect on investing our money, but when it comes to the US Dollar program. We also are projecting a hedge cost environment into the net yields that we expect to support the product. So when we are pricing a product like WAYS, we’re looking not only at the interest rate environment and mix of investment and associated credit spread if you will. But we also in our case have to be factoring in hedge cost. So it’s a very real part of how we think about the product and so as a result, all of the re-pricing that we’re doing is really having to take into account the low interest rate environment, our asset allocation, hedge cost and then most notably and Japan is also a recognition that the standard rate if you will or the discount rate assumption used for reserving practices is going to come down materially in Japan at the end of March, 2018. All of those things have been factored in to pricing out our savings or interest sensitive related for sector products namely WAYS, child endowment and making sure that we can adhere to use of profitability.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, so we shouldn't be thinking about worrying about DAC or reserve adequacy for your first sector business in a broader sense when you consider what's going on with these hedge costs?
Fred Crawford: Right, we do that actuarial work. I’ve pointed to a couple of legacy blocks of business as it relate to being particularly close to the edge and we have to watch and carefully watch that and these tend to be blocks of business that you’re familiar with Dementia, Super Care. These are products that we’ve been watching for a number of years. But we do the testing work on all of our products both third sector and first sector in the fourth quarter, not surprisingly we will see the reserve margin squeeze on first sector savings products as it relates to the current environment including hedge cost. But we have solid margins in those areas and so at the moment, we don’t see that as a risk, it’s more these acute what we are calling legacy smaller blocks, but are actually third sector business to be technically correct.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, and then just a follow-up for Eric. Can you comment on what’s the breakeven of where hedge costs would have to go to the point where you would say this has been a negative decision from an economic standpoint in terms of building up this US Dollar portfolio? Clearly running at 180 basis points, I know it’s high. Is that still - is that a net positive? Like when you factor that in and look at the yield and the risk related to building up this program?
Eric Kirsch: Yes, absolutely. The approximate number is 2%. Meaning our earnings are about 3.6%, if you looked at spot hedge cost 160, 180. We got about 2% margin built in but we just like to follow-up a little bit on Fred’s comments before to put this thing in context because your focus appropriately so is on the large increase this quarter. When we went into this program, we presumed the long-term average of hedge cost is somewhere between two and three quarters and three. So we were very clear when we got into the program hedge cost were historically low and that was about 60 bps back in 2012, they kept traveling down to 20. So what we’re seeing now is more of a normalization, we could never know exactly when or where are the exact macro dynamics that would make hedge fast a lot, but we always knew they would go up. So even though they’re at 168 or 180 basis points today that’s about 50%, 60% of the way towards the long-term average, but then if you think about that long-term average. It would take quite a huge amount of growth in the United States for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rate so substantially, to get to those numbers. It could happen some day but we got about 2% margin to be precise on your question before we’ll be saying, this is a breakeven trait.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. So really this would have to cost you 350 to 400 basis points before it became breakeven?
Eric Kirsch: That’s right and finally I’ll just again reiterate what Fred said earlier that assumes we’re passive. And we do nothing, but again we continue to look at asset allocation and changing the mix of the assets to better match off against those hedge costs like the floating rate assets. We also look at the current composition of the portfolio. We may decide to lighten up on certain asset classes and then of course, there’s - how do we look at the hedge strategy itself, which we continue to look at and as Fred has mentioned continue to lengthen duration. So if we just were passive that’s the answer, but we would expect to continue to manage that with a fine tooth comb to preserve as much as that margin whether it’s through higher income or better hedge cost management. So that will be dynamic overtime certainly.
Tom Gallagher: And Eric, when you compare the cost, is that to JGB yields? Is that the benchmark?
Eric Kirsch: That’s correct, that’s the ultimate benchmark so that’s another point, Tom. Three or four years ago, 20 and 30 year, JGB’s were 2% when I got here, they traveled 10 days a point a few months ago, now they’re at about 40 or 50. So it’s all in relativity and once again the dollar program has limits and we’re actually pretty close to those limits. We have some capacity and as Fred said, we’ll talk more in the December outlook call, about future purchases but in context of a large global portfolio, we like the diversification because if all we were buying were yen assets and we’ve got quite a large amount every year maturing private placements, old assets and 2% to 3%. Our net investment income would go down pretty rapidly as well. So it’s a diversifier and it’s a balancing act. But that’s why we have limits on each part of our program.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you very much. We are at the top of the hour right now. So before we end today, I want to take the opportunity to remind everybody as Fred said, mentioned earlier that we’re going to have our 2017 Outlook Call that will be held later this year on December 2, so we want to make sure you mark your calendars for that event on December 2 and for further details on the call. Please feel free to call our investors, Rating Agency Relations Department and we look forward to speaking to all of you. And thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - SVP, Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger - President, Aflac Incorporated Paul Amos - President, Aflac Fred Crawford - EVP and CFO Teresa White - President, Aflac U.S. Eric Kirsch - EVP and Global Chief Investment Officer Hiroshi Yamauchi - President and COO, Aflac Japan Koji Ariyoshi - EVP and Director, Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Eric Berg - RBC Ryan Krueger - KBW Suneet Kamath - UBS Humphrey Lee - Dowling and Partners Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Tom Gallagher - Evercore ISI
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. You may now begin.
Robin Wilkey: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our second quarter conference call. Joining me this morning from Columbus is Dan Amos, our Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S. Also joining us from New York, Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us this morning from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi-san, President and COO of Aflac Japan; and Koji Ariyoshi-san, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some statements in our teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of the federal securities guidelines. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan this morning who will begin with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the U.S., then Fred will follow up with some brief comments about our financial performance for the quarter and outlook for the year. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin by saying that second quarter rounded out a good first of the year for Aflac. I’ll lead off by providing an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. From the distribution perspective, our traditional agencies have been and remain viable contributors to our success. This was certainly true in second quarter. Additionally, all of our alliance partners continued to produce strong results. I am especially pleased with Japan Post and their 20,000 plus postal outlets selling out cancer insurance. Our goal remains to be whether customers want to buy in our various distribution outlets, broaden our reach to support this goal. From a product perspective, our priority is to remain in step with the wants and the needs of the Japanese consumers in our distribution channels. Managing through the low interest rate environment is nothing new to Aflac Japan. This entails working through our taxable approach on several fronts, including strategies for product, investment and risk and capital management. Fred will cover more of the financial aspect, but let me expand on our efforts related to products, starting with first sector products. We are encouraged that the actions that we have taken throughout the second quarter to limit the sale in first sector products has been yielding the desired results. First sector product sales decrease 24.7% in the quarter. These actions include the combination of product caps, commission restructuring, product re-pricing in select cases and product discontinuance. Recognizing that many of these actions were initiated in the second quarter, we continue to anticipate a sharp decline of at least 50% in first sector sales in the second half of the year compared to the second half of 2015. Turning to the third sector products, you will recall that last quarter we introduced a cancer insurance product designed for those who have previously been diagnosed with cancer and have been cancer-free for five years. This is similar to the product we offer in the United States. Last quarter, we also introduced an enhanced nonstandard medical product. We are pleased with the reception of both products in the marketplace. You will recall from the May financial analyst briefing that we anticipated sales of third sector products would be in the range of down 3 to up 2 and that’s still the case. With Aflac Japan’s third sector products up 11.2 in the quarter and 6.4 year-to-date, we are running ahead of expectation for third-sector sales. But there is no one single aspect of the business that has contributed to our outperformance. It’s simply stronger than expected productivity across the majority of the distribution channels. Keep in mind, sales in the bank channels have been moderate by restricting our sales of the first sector products. We continue to believe that the long term compound rate of third sector products will be in the range of 4% to 6%. We will continue to be innovative in providing options that millions of Japanese consumers are looking for as they struggle for financial burden of higher medical expenses. Turning to Aflac U.S., as we indicated before, we see 2016 as a year of stabilization and opportunities as we continue to execute on our strategies. Our efforts are focused on enhancing the relationships we’ve established with brokers and providing our career agents with the tools to increase productivity. While sales in the second quarter were below expectations, keep in mind that sales in second half of 2015 contributed to 55.6% of the total sales. Our projections show that we are still on track to achieve our target of increasing Aflac sales 3% to 5% for the year. I do want to emphasize once again that we anticipate our sales will be increasingly concentrated toward the end of the fourth quarter. But what we have achieved prior to that time, lays the ground work for our overall success. As you all well know, success breeds competition. U.S. health care reform has been highlighting and clarifying the need for the products we sell. This has resulted in a number of other companies entering the voluntary supplemental insurance markets such as traditional major medical carriers and companies that sell voluntary insurance. As a result, we are executing on strategies designed set Aflac apart and further enhance our awareness and relevance to the employer, the employees and brokers. Aflac’s single focus on supplemental voluntary products have greatly contributed to our dominant position of selling voluntary insurance at the worksite. And I believe it will continue to drive our competitive edge. Keep in mind that so far this year, we have written more business than the other two competitors combined. One Day Pay also remains a key differentiator for Aflac. We will continue our promotion One Day Pay to the consumers, which we believe will help drive increased brand loyalty, account penetration and production. Here is an amazing statistic. In 2015 and continuing through the second quarter of 2016, 100% of eligible One Day Pay claims submitted were paid within one day. We have processed, approved and paid over 1 million One Day Pay claims in the first six months of 2016. And get this, 96% of our policyholders, that used One Day Pay or SmartClaim, as we call it, said that they are likely to refer other people to Aflac. I am convinced that this will result in more new sales going forward. Paying clients fast and fair sets us apart from the competition. Turning to capital deployment, Fred will provide more details shortly, but let me just say that we continue to view growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares as the most attractive means for deploying capital, particularly in absence of the compelling alternative. We believe the capital strengths position us to repatriate in the range of 120 billion to 150 billion yen, for the calendar year 2016. Despite market volatility, our capital position remains strong and reinforces our plan to repurchase $1.4 billion of shares of our stock with the majority being concentrated in the first half of this year. One of the messages I am sending as CEO is we are laser focused on leveraging opportunities for the future. I’m letting everyone know that innovation and challenge are vital aspects of the business environment here at Aflac Japan. And that’s what continues to propel our long-term growth and our success. We have maintained our focus on controlling the things that we have the power to control. We can and we will control our efforts to build our business and to take care of our customers, our employees and our distribution network. By doing this, I believe we will continue to enhance shareholder value while delivering on our promise to our policyholders. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Fred who will cover the financial results. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thanks, Dan. You’ve all had a chance to review the details in our earnings release. And as Dan noted in his comments, the second quarter represents the continuation of the strong financial results we reported in the first quarter and executing on key initiatives covered at this year’s financial analyst briefing in May. Second quarter showed continued progress towards achieving our full year 2016 earnings guidance. Our results were driven by strong overall margins in both the U.S. and Japan. And there were no notable earnings items to speak of in the quarter. Our Japan segment margins were solid with both benefit and expense ratios coming in as expected and generally in line with our guidance. In the U.S., benefit ratios performed within our expected range after a seasonally strong performance in the first quarter, our expense ratio was modestly favorable in the quarter. Consistent with previous years, we fully expect our expenses to pick up in the latter half of the year as we progressed on certain strategic initiatives and increased promotional spend entering the enrollment season. In both Japan and the U.S., we would expect our benefit ratios, expense ratios and overall margins to trend within our December outlook call guidance ranges for the remainder of the year. Turning to investments, new money rates in Japan were understandably down in third period as we navigated the low yield environment but also influenced by a tactical strategy of temporarily investing in low-yielding but high-quality and liquid securities, pending development of more attractive long term investments. We continue to be on plan in terms of Japan’s net investment income for 2016. U.S. new money rates were influenced by an increased allocation to corporate investment grade purchases which served the lower new money rates in the quarter. You may recall in the first quarter, we had elevated new money rates, as we contracted investments in higher yielding middle market loans, so to some degree, the second quarter purchases are balancing out our allocations. Let me comment for a moment on market developments, since our FAB meeting in May and its influence on our investment strategy, as we look forward in 2016, specifically the negative rate environment in Japan and movement in hedge cost, supporting our U.S. dollar investment strategy. Post-Brexit announcement, we experienced another move down in rates as JGBs and U.S. treasuries continue to be the world’s flight to quality currencies and investments. While having modestly recovered in the past few weeks, we have seen 30-year JGBs grind down to near zero at times. Curtailing interest-sensitive premium flows is essential. And, as Dan noted, we’re taking further action to reduce the sale of first sector savings product, namely eliminating the sale of product in certain channels and accelerating pricing actions. We will continue to sell, re-priced savings products in support of our excusive relationships where the ratio of third sector to first sector sales is significantly in favor of third sector. Specific to investment strategy, we remain in good position for 2016 asset flows and defending net investment income, but we’re undertaking a review of our strategic and tactical asset allocation and associated risk limits in preparation for 2017 flows. We hope to provide additional color at our September FAB meeting in Japan. But at a high level, the plan explores developing alternative high quality yen investments, a majored entry back into yen private placements and U.S. dollar investments where we can hedge effectively and optimizing investment income consistent with our risk limits, ALM and capital objectives. Turning to U.S. dollar program, our hedge costs in the second quarter were essentially flat with the first quarter at $0.08 share. However, hedge costs have continued to increase in recent weeks with market volatility and speculation on BOJ and Federal Reserve actions. At our May FAB meeting, we guided to a realized hedge cost of a 110 basis points on 13 billion notional investment in forwards, assuming no movement in pricing or change in our hedging strategy. In the week leading into Brexit decision, post-Brexit and anticipation of last night’s BOJ announcement, one-year forward pricing is now closer to a 160 basis points. As you know from our previous comments, the rise in hedge costs was fully expected as recent years have experienced abnormally low costs relative to historic norms. Note also that we currently record the full cost of forwards up front in the quarter purchased, instead of amortizing the cost over the life of the hedge, thus the timing of what is rolling on and off the program to make a difference in our reported costs. In addition to market pricing, as we move into the second half of the year, we intend on executing on a couple of tactical moves that will result in an increase in our reported hedge costs. First, we have done some rebalancing and have moved to hedge additional dollar asset classes and expect to increase our net notional forward position by roughly 2.9 billion, including 1.9 billion in bank loans hedged in July. Bank loans are ideal to hedge, as these are floating rates and better match for shorter-dated forwards. In addition, we will look to cover a building equity and promotional real estate loan portfolio under our hedge program. Importantly hedging these additional U.S. dollar asset classes along with other related rebalancing activities are expected to strengthen our SMR ratio once completed. We estimate in the range of 30 to 50 points at a net cost of approximately $10 million to execute on the overall strategy. Isolating the increase in the cost of hedging and our move to cover additional asset classes increases our hedge cost to the 215 million range for the year. Finally, we have seen the forward pricing curve flatten, thus making it more economical to lengthen the weighted average tenure of our forwards. Together with our house view that hedge cost may rise, we are exploring lengthening the average maturity of our forwards by rolling a portion into longer-dated positions. This strategy may increase our estimated costs in the 40 million to 60 million, recognizing our current method of reporting costs at the time of purchase. This strategy may evolve as market’s move and we will continue to guide accordingly as we proceed through the year. While increasing our reported cost, these moves are favorable from a risk and capital management standpoint. Importantly, the dollar program overall and expanded asset classes continue to perform well, even when considering rising hedge cost and when compared to low yielding yen alternatives. This is why we’ve seen a surge in dollar and currency programs among Japanese insurance players over the past few quarters. As we move forward, we will update our guidance accordingly and as is always the case, our guidance could change based on precise asset flows and market conditions. Turning to capital SMR remains in the mid 800% range with unrealized gains up significantly in the quarter. RBC remains strong despite FX impacting the ratio negatively with the yen strengthening and realizing our Japan branches embedded in our U.S. statutory results. Impairments in the quarter were modest and primarily related to our Japan equity portfolio where market declines have triggered impairments in accordance with our internal accounting policies. Overall credit conditions remain stable, and we have seen a recovery in energy names including our below-investment-grade holdings. We do not see any immediate risk with respect to Brexit and our European holdings. Overall capital and liquidity conditions are strong and support our continued return of deployable capital to shareholders. Between dividends and repurchase, we returned $570 million to our shareholders in the quarter. Depending on the overall capital conditions, we expect to repatriate 80% to 100% of FSA earnings in 2016 or roughly ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion. We continue to spend down access capital held at the holding company and are on pace to achieve 1.4 billion of repurchase for the full year. We have made no adjustments to our earnings guidance of $6.17 to $6.41 per share assuming the same average exchange rate as last year, which was roughly ¥121 to the dollar. Given strength in third eyen during the quarter, we have provided in our press release an EPS range for the third quarter assuming a yen to dollar of 100 to 110. When annualizing our performance year-to-date, we are poised for strong performance in 2016. However, we are mid-way through the year and we need to be conscious of the low rate environment, headwinds to investment income and associated actuarial review of select interest sensitive closed blocks of business in Japan. In addition, from a corporate perspective, post retirement benefit liabilities are sensitive to long term rate assumptions and we typically review these corporate liabilities in the fourth quarter. Overall, we remain well-positioned in terms of our core margins and capital strength. Thank you. And I’ll now turn the call over to Robin to begin Q&A. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you very much, Fred. And as Fred just said, we are ready to begin Q&A. So, we are ready to take the first question please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Nigel Dally. Your line is now open.
Nigel Dally: Fred, with the hedge costs, you went through a number of different changes, increasing the size of the program, chasing the costs given market conditions, extending the duration. Putting all those together, what do you expect to be the overall negative impact on the earnings for 2017? And also, why not report these costs on an amortized cost basis rather than all up front? It would seem to be a more economic way of reporting them.
Fred Crawford: Sure. So, couple of comments. Let me handle the last -- second part of your question first. We are in fact putting under review our definition, really our non-GAAP definition of hedge cost and how we want to report it in our definition of operating earnings. And in fact it’s a very likely Nigel that we go to exactly what you are talking about. And that is more of an amortized cost approach, very similar to how you would expect coupons on bonds to behave or interest costs on debt. And so that’s really where we are going to move. We will give more detail on this, more precise detail on this during our outlook call along with recognizing that we would have to some degree adjust, if you will, our previous year results so that you can see really the comparables year-over-year. But ultimately the goal is exactly what you are alluding to and that is we want to get to a definition hedge cost that moves logically with how you would expect. If pricing is increasing, we would expect hedge cost to go up; if we are lengthening the tenure and it’s a steep curve, they would go up and vice versa. And of course, if we are doing more volume, covering more national, they would go up or down depending on the strategy. What we want to avoid is what we are seeing right now is we don’t want any mark-to-market noise, nor do we want the sheer timing of what rolls to influence it. Now, to your first question, as we roll into 2017, of course what I just talked about will play into what I’m about ready to say. But you will generally find a more smoother and logical approach to the cost. So, a good way to think about it is, if we are covering now moving from roughly 12.7 billion notional forwards to upwards 5.7 billion or 5.6 billion notional forwards, you would expect as you move into 2017 to roughly apply the pricing or average -- weighted average pricing you would expect on those forwards. Now, the pricing depends on the market. So, it’s very difficult for us to estimate what that would be. As I mentioned in my comments, we have seen pricing rise, a one year forward for example right now; if you went out and purchased, it would be about 160 basis points. What you could expect is that when we get to our outlook call, we will provide these types of details and ranges and sensitivities as part of our operating earnings, but that will give you I think a little color.
Eric Kirsch: Fred, sorry; it’s Eric. I just wanted to correct something. It’s at year-end 15.6 billion of forwards. I think you said 5.6.
Fred Crawford: Oh, I don’t know. I thought I 15, but sorry. My apologies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Berg of RBC. Your line is now open.
Eric Berg: What would you say would be a general trajectory for? I realize you’re not going to project your statutory earnings, but what would you say would be, given the growth of the in-force at this point, both here and in Japan, would you expect statutory earnings to continue to increase? And if so, in the absence of strong premium growth, strong in-force growth, why would that be the case? 
Fred Crawford: So, statutory results is an interesting conversation with us, right, because, really what you’re talking about is bifurcating between Japan and the US. So, in Japan, you’re talking about essentially FSA earnings. And you can -- sort of implied in our guidance, if you will, where we talk about repatriating 80% to a 100% of FSA earnings, or that being a ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion, that gives you an idea of our expectation around FSA earnings for this year, okay. So, what are the types of things that will cause trend lines in those statutory earnings? You’ve mentioned a couple of them growth rates, realized over time, because we’re seeing growth in third sector, which would way down on FSA earnings. We’re also seeing a gradual decline obviously and frankly more than a gradual decline in first sector sales, which would really promote or help, if you will, FSA earnings. So, I expect those would probably largely level out.  Now, you do have some other things playing into FSA earnings. You do have foreign exchange that plays into it, as we convert dollar based coupon income, if you will, in Japan, back into yen; you will see some headwinds, if you will, related to a strengthening yen from that prospective. We have some of that factored into our guidance, as you can imagine. But nevertheless that place a weight on it. And then, hedge costs, I always remind folks; hedge costs are in fact brought through FSA earnings. And so, as those rise, they can be weighing down on your FSA earnings as well. I would note however that interestingly enough, even with the rise in pricing here this year, we actually had planned for hedge costs coming in right around where we’re seeing than we’re projecting them today. So, I don’t see the recent rise in hedge cost as having implication for our 2016 cash flow. When you roll over the U.S., it’s a bit of a different matter, right? So, starting with just isolating the notion of U.S. only statutory income, we don’t drive the U.S. only statutory income, so it ends up being sort of excess cash flows produced in the U.S. And those have remained relatively steady. I would say, we’re seeing some growth rate in the U.S., and we’re also investing in the U.S. platform in the form of technology improvements and infrastructure. So, some of those are headwinds to statutory earnings but otherwise our sheer margins in the U.S., generally favorable benefit rations, expense ratios generally under control have been really helpful to stat earnings. So, I don’t see any sort of what I would call, capital related or growth or lack thereof related pressures on statutory earnings in the U.S. I would see it more to do with the pace of investment in the platform.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Your line is now open. 
Ryan Krueger: I had a follow-up on the hedge costs. Fred, you talked about 160 basis points for a one-year forward, but then I think you were talking about potentially extending the duration of the book. Can you give a sense of how much more it costs on the longer-duration hedges you are potentially considering?
Fred Crawford: Yes. So, one of the things that’s happened in the marketplace is while we have seen hedge cost rise, also the curve is flattened. And so for example, in really just the last few months, the difference between a six-month forward and an 18-month forward has narrowed by some 25 basis points. And so, if they cost you upwards of 150 basis points to lock in a six-month forward, it may cost you more in the 170, 175 basis-point range to do an 18-month forward. And so, as a tactical strategy, you may want to take advantage of some lengthening where you can. And that’s what I was alluding to in my comments. The reason why that results in a more acute cost in 2016, this 40 million 60 million range I mentioned in my comments, is recognizing that we would pull that whole 18-month cost righty into the current period. And so, again as Nigel pointed out, as we move to a more amortized approach, you won’t have that type of fluctuation. And so, that gives you an idea of the relative difference and curved difference of extension. Something to remember is that at FAB we talked about 110 basis points, and remember that is a realized cost estimate. That was talking roughly 13 billion or so of notional and $140 million or so of expected cost. So, when you think about $215 million of cost, setting aside the duration extension, that’s right around the 140 basis points. So, there is a difference between the actual pricing in the market and our realized cost because of course we’ve locked in certain costs and have this accounting issue.
Ryan Krueger: Then, just to clarify, does the 215 million, does that -- that does not include the 40 million to 60 million additional that was from lengthening the duration?
Fred Crawford: That’s correct.
Ryan Krueger: And then, just a follow-up on the 30 to 50-point benefit to the SMR from repositioning the portfolio. I guess a couple questions. Is that just due to lower risk charges associated with locking in the hedges there? And then, I guess, is this anticipated in the three year capital plan that you provided at FAB?
Fred Crawford: Yes. So, the answer to your first question is yes. And that is when you put those hedges on, you just gather more favorable SMR treatment, if you will, as opposed to not having it due to essentially what amounts to ALM related issues, i.e., a dollar investment backing a potential yen liability. So, you gain certain benefits. We also are covering asset classes that could be of a higher charge orders, such as bank loans for example, which will tend to be lower rated, if you will, in general. So again, makes it even particularly healthy. And as I mentioned in my comments, what I really like about the bank loan coverage which took some time to qualify, right. And you are talking about floating short-dated investments and short-dated investments that are being managed by third-party asset managers, it took some time to work through the system and qualify for the all the appropriate hedge treatment. We were able to get that done here in the last couple of months, and so we could expand the asset class. So, it’s a particularly all-in beneficial asset class to hedge. And so, we are really happy with the progress we have made there. But that’s where you pick up the SMR benefits. In terms of factoring into our capital plans, yes, yes, in the sense that one of the missions of the hedge program, only one of the missions is in fact to stabilize and secure our capital dynamics in Japan such that we can be as confident as we can on the steady repatriation of cash flows for deployment. So, no matter what the magnitude, it is helpful to our capital plan. I’d not view it though as some sort of just boost or jump to the capital plan, more playing good defense.
Operator: Next question is from Suneet Kamath of UBS. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to just move to sales, if we could. Just in terms of Japan third sector, you are reiterating your guidance for down 3 to up 2. Obviously, year-to-date, you are running above that, as I think Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks. And I see that the comps get a little bit more difficult, but I don’t know if they are dramatically difficult. So, just curious if there is anything in the second quarter that maybe was particularly favorable that we should think about adjusting for as we think about the balance of the year in terms of third sector sales?
Paul Amos: This is Paul, I’ll follow up and start on that. And then, I will ask either Yamauchi-san or Koji to comment as well. First of all, as Dan mentioned in his comments, second quarter represented just an outperformance by almost all channels excluding the bank channel, and strong performance in both the cancer and the medical lines of business. So, I do not believe there is anything you should be removing, and you should just see straight -- a strong performance across our channels and a desire by Japanese consumers to purchase our products. In terms of the second half of the year, the comparisons are there and we do have to go up against stronger numbers. That said, we are running ahead of where we expected to benefit. And I think at the mini-FAB meeting in September, we will be in a better position to comment on whether we thought sales would continue to trend better than they have. As you know, we have launched our MIT product this past week. And so, by the time we get to our mini-FAB meeting in September, we should be able to give you some idea about the receptivity of that product. But as I have told you in the past with any new product line, we are always tentative about how it will be received and how long it will take to Japanese agencies to adopt it and begin selling it. We are very -- it seemed very favorable results out of both our cancer for cancer survivors insurance as well as our revision of our nonstandard medical plan. So, I remain very optimistic, but at this point, we are not ready to change that range, Yamauchi and Ariyoshi, would you like to comment further?
Unidentified Company Representative: Nothing particular, however what I’d like to mention is that JP channel is going as planned. And as Paul just mentioned, our nonstandard medical is doing well.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks. And then, I guess maybe a bigger picture question for Fred, obviously lots of moving pieces in terms of product mix shifts and hedging costs and all that. But if we just take a high level view of Japan in particular and we think about your new business returns or your marginal ROE, how would you say that compares to your in-force returns?
Fred Crawford: Well, in-force returns have been very strong, and that’s in part because what we had historically priced for, if you will, has moved over time favorable to our pricing expectations. So, in general, this is I think part of the Aflac story frankly over the years, both in Japan and in U.S. that we have a generally very profitable in-force overall. In terms of some of the new pricing, obviously we try to remain very disciplined on that front. I think in Japan, there hasn’t been much movement on that. We have been growing the old fashion way, which is expanded distribution, new product launches, and we remain somewhat consistent in my view on our approach to pricing. One difference of course is really focusing in on first sector and first sector savings. I would say when you turn your attentions to those products, not surprisingly from an in-force perspective, those products are a bit more under pressure, because the opposite has happened. What we had priced for has not played out quite as well in terms of obviously yields and investment income on those products. So, that certainly offsets my comments, and it’s why we’re taking significant actions to make sure that we reduce the flows and shift the balance of sales and then eventually in-force over time. So, that’s the I would describe it. But obviously, from the in-force perspective on the third sector side and really be entirely the U.S. platform, it continues to be a very strong story.
Suneet Kamath: And I if I could sneak one more in, just a clarification, I think Fred in your prepared remarks, you talked about the channels where you continue to sell first sector, and I think you said the mix in those channels is skewed towards third sector. When you think about that mix, is that based on number of contracts or is that based on annualized premiums?
Paul Amos: This is Paul. That is based on annualized premium. So, we don’t -- in terms of the size, relative to size of first sector contract and their strength, we’re thinking about the ratio in terms of premium itself.
Operator: Next question is from Humphrey Lee of Dowling and Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Lee: Shifting gear a little bit to the U.S., the productivity continues to see a good improvement on a year-over-year basis. Given the ongoing investments, how sustainable is the current pace of improvements and how should we think about it going forward?
Teresa White: This is Teresa. So, I want to make sure, I understand your question. You’re speaking in terms of the productivity from a producer’s standpoint or profit standpoint?
Humphrey Lee: The profit standpoint, the production divided by the agent count?
Dan Amos: So, that would be the agent productivity. 
Teresa White: Okay. So, I do still feel that there is opportunity with the agent productivity. As I spoke about in May, I think in the May FAB meeting, we are continuing to see a number of great indicators, new account growth is increasing, the productivity for producer is increasing. And the whole goal here is to ensure that when we bring new agents into the business that we’re able to get them trained, ensure that that they stay with that class, so that they can have a good career with us. So, we’re seeing that happen, we’re excited about what we’re seeing in the numbers. I’m somewhat concerned about the recruiting as a whole. And I think our comparisons -- we expected recruiting to be down for this quarter or this year and really I think a lot of that is some of the noise that were in the contract last year, as we change the contract this year to say not for recruiting but for producers. And because that’s how we’re compensating our sales organization, I think we’ll continue to see growth in productivity. 
Fred Crawford: And one thing I would add is to some degree, your comment was how to sort of drive down to the bottom line, just a couple of comments. One is of course when you are talking about sort of relative spend on distribution and productivity, you’re now getting into sort of adaptable if you will expenses. And so, you wouldn’t see typically much in a way of big sort of bottom line movement. I think from an overall investment in the U.S. platform, I’ll just call your attention back to our comments at FAB and in particularly some comments and some projections we showed around the group business where we are actually investing in the platform and expecting there to be an improvement in profitability on just a group side over the course of that next three to five years. That continues on plan, continues on pace; there’s been really no material adjustments from our comments at FAB.
Humphrey Lee: Okay. And then, maybe more a strategy question for Dan. In your prepared remarks, you talked about greater competition in the voluntary product side coming from other players. And I recall in the FAB meeting, you guys talked about you may consider providing a more full suite of group solutions in the U.S. Any updates on what you’re thinking about and what type of opportunities you are seeing?
Dan Amos: Yes. What I would say is that we are trying through our Everwell platform, which is an enrollment platform. We are positioning ourselves to where we are trying to be the solution for the human resources department. And in doing so, for example, through this Everwell platform, if it’s an account under 50 in size and they want to go to buy Obamacare products, then, they will be able to do that through our platform to go in and do that. So, it also allows us to see everyone on one-on-one basis. And so that ultimately should increase our enrollment. As far as other products, we are looking at other products; Teresa is studying that right now. We haven’t made any final decisions. But, the type products would be group life. And if we did something along those lines, some of our competitors offer that. And we feel that we will either have to offer it as through another company, and bring it on in some form or fashion. But we want to make sure because its’ a lower profit margin product that we don’t have our sales force concentrating on it, but rather it’s a product that opens the door for higher sales of our third sector product forward, I’m used to seeing that because of dealing with Japan, of our supplemental products in the U.S.
Operator: Next question is from Jimmy Bhullar of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: The first question is for Teresa on U.S. sales. So, like it was also getting better, I think first quarter you had almost the 4% increase in sales and this quarter they got worse. So, wondering, if you could just give us a little bit more detail on what happened to U.S. sales and how second quarter results affect your outlook for the rest of the year?
Teresa White: So, I’ll handle the last comment first. We continue to believe that the outlook 3 to 5, will materialize over the year. As Dan said in his comments, we do expect that to be closer to the fourth quarter, so skew there. One of the things in the second quarter what we are seeing is we saw really favorable comps for the -- not favorable comps but favorable performance in the broker business. We basically grew the broker business by about 15%. So, we felt good there. The weak spot was our career size. And we have some markets that have underperformed. And we are confident though that we have some the leaders, the right leaders in place to address those issues that we have in those markets. But at this point, I feel good about 3% to 5% for the year.
Dan Amos: I’ll make one other comment. As we have told you at FAB and other places, our struggle is trying to bring brokers on in a -- we are probably the only organization who has a -- well, I know we are, that has such a dynamic field force. And so, we are trying to push our field force into writing the accounts of 100 or less. The overlap is between the 100 and the 1,000. And over 1,000 we tend to see brokers now. Our brokers are also using our field force as enrollers. So that doesn’t break out exactly that because that shows us broker productivity. But all in all, it is beginning to evolve in a way that will ultimately I think increase our production. But it’s been a struggle. And Teresa has done an exceptional job in bringing those together. When that’s really clicking, that’s when you are going to see it take off. And that’s what we continue to work on is that -- and the production being off a little bit is because of our field force. So, we think with Everwell and our way of enrollments increasing dramatically up to 40% if you go through that process, that’s going to help our field force and the tools that we give them. So, it’s a delicate balance here but we are getting closer and closer. And the thing they told me that was in a recent meeting I had when some of our managers at our field level said that they wanted the managers at our broker level to meet their needs. They didn’t use to want to get together and now they are working together as a team. And I think it’s only going to get better as we move forward. And I am very encouraged about that, but it is slower than I like.
Jimmy Bhullar: And you had made a lot of changes in your field force. So, I would have thought that as we get further and further away from the disruption because of those changes, your results would actually slowly trend higher. So, I recognize that it’s one quarter, but it’s a little surprising that they went in the wrong direction?
Dan Amos: I’ll say this again. It takes time to field force and again time to move them to -- you should look at the overall number. And the overall number I understand what you are saying but the field force will continue to make up the small accosts but the big accounts are going to be coming in. And in the second quarter, our broker business was way up. So, it was our field force that was down slightly there. And of course, they account for two thirds of our business. So, that’s the other thing that’s driving this fact. But I think long term, we’ve got a solution for that and it will continue to improve.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just one more for Eric on Japan new money yields, they dropped this quarter. And I’m just wondering if you could give us some details on what exactly it is that you are investing in the Japanese portfolio; how much are you allocating to U.S. dollar investments? And if JGB yields remain where they are, what would you expect your allocation to be roughly as you look into 2017?
Eric Kirsch: Sure, thank you, no worries. There is a few different components to that but, obviously as you know, yields have been trending down, both in the U.S. and Japan. So, that’s partially the decline for the second quarter new money yield. But the bigger attribution of the decline was and Fred referenced this in his speech, as we’re entering into new asset classes, such as infrastructure, commercial mortgage loans, those take time to fund, unlike when we buy investment grade bonds, we get into the market and fund those pretty quickly. Now, since we’re turning those assets classes on for the first time, we knew that there’d be delay in funding them. And therefore, during the quarter, we had a buildup of cash, because it is taking us a little longer for our first time entering those asset classes. When we’re sitting on cash, that doesn’t go into the new money yield in the way we’ve defined it. But nevertheless, sitting on cash was not optimal for us and we didn’t want to do that. So, we did put little over $1 billion to work during the second quarter and to yen assets, mostly Japan residential mortgage backed securities and some JGBs as a temporary home, if you will. So that when the infrastructure and commercial mortgage loans are ready to be funded as our managers call us up and say, we’ve circled deals for your portfolio, will then shift out of there and put into those assets. But because we put that cash to work and we did keep it in yen for now, we didn’t want to move it back and forth between yen and dollars, that as a result of on average being invested at a 30 basis-point yield or so. So for the quarter that impacted the new money yield and brought it down. But, as we redeploy that money in the future, from yen back to dollars, later on, whether it would be later on this year or early next year, you will see the new money yields go in the opposite direction and be higher than it normally would be. I should also mention by putting that cash to work, we are earning for this year, based on estimates of timing or reversal, about $2 million extra net investment income versus just sitting idly in cash. So that explains most the decline for the second quarter versus our planned new money yield. More broadly speaking, for the second quarter, about 50% of the assets that we had to invest in the second quarter, and I’m using Aflac Japan numbers, which was about ¥ 224 billion, did go into asset, because of that extra money that I just referred to and the other half went into dollar assets, U.S. equity, investments grades, commercial mortgage loans, bank loans. The nice thing is , as you look at the mixture, we continue to diversify the asset base, which gives us as investors a multitude of choices, not only from a risk return standpoint but in this very volatile environment, particularly of negative rates in Japan, as our SAA and our outsourcing program and our in-house program build out, those choices are opportunistic for us to balance out those things. Then very lastly in terms of the view of JGB yields and impact to next year’s cash flow. Let me say this, at negative rates, which the 10-year is still negative, about three weeks ago, the 20-year and the 30-year JGB were both under 10 basis points. We put a moratorium on buying JGBs. And if they should stay at those low levels, we would not be buying JGBs. But as Fred has mentioned we are actively exploring other yen investments because we do need yen investments certainly from an ALM standpoint, our liabilities as you know in Japan are in yen. And there are some promising things on that front, perhaps restarting our yen private placement program, but if we do, it will be in a measured pace. And obviously with a global credit team with much stricter risk limits than we had in the past, bringing down our private placements to about 24% of the portfolio, we do feel that there is some capacity there. But we still have to test the market in terms of supply and whether or not the structure of those types of things will meet our requirements. There are yen corporate bonds that we could be looking at, there are some ratings, regulatory things we need to explore. But all of that is a way to say that the ultimate weight on those assets would be based off the JGB yield curve, but we’d be earning a credit spread. And that is something that we like because we are very bullish and confident of our credit analysis and ability to analyze credit and therefore get the right return for the risk we’re willing to take. So looking at next year, this is just so early, but consistent with prior SAA, it would probably be about 30% to 40% yen assets, 50% to 60% dollar assets. But Fred mentioned earlier, we are right now reviewing SAA in light of negative rates and how that -- the implications of that to the program. And then from a tactical standpoint, as we look at these new asset classes, that will be bear into our ultimate decisions for next year. So, very preliminary view and outlook for next year.
Jimmy Bhullar: In terms of infrastructure for the new asset classes that you are going into, both in Japan and in the U.S., are you fully staffed or would these require either more spending on your part, or are you outsourcing some of the assets?
Eric Kirsch: Infrastructure would be outsourced. And as you recollect, we’ve built our external manager platform team. So that’s been built. And therefore, we’ve got the leverage of being able to decide gee, we like an asset class, now let’s go to market, find the best managers, do RFPs and those sorts of things. And we are in the final stretches of that and about to make some selections which either by min-FAB or perhaps by the next quarterly earnings call we can tell you more about that. But we are committed to that and that’s in the legs of going on line.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Robin Wilkey: As we reached the top of hour, we have got time for just one more question, please.
Operator: Last question is from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Tom Gallagher: Fred, I just wanted to ask a question about how you are thinking about capital adequacy right now. I know your SMR ratio is quite strong, but I’m guessing with negative rates, SMR is no longer the best measure of capital adequacy here. And so, in that regard, can you talk about just broadly how you are thinking about valuing capital adequacy; are you using some type of internal economic capital model? And if so, what is it telling you right now?
Fred Crawford: I would not discount SMR; it remains critical and really arguably the most critical measure in Japan. I think what’s more important is be realistic about your understanding of what’s moving SMR. In other words, there is a difference between SMR rising because of sheer retention in build of capital and SMR rising because of unrealized gains in your portfolio. So, you know from following us, we’re quite I will use the term sober in terms of understanding that our SMR may go up at times but it’s driven by unrealized gains. That doesn’t necessarily give way to the release of additional capital et cetera. So, we look at it on that basis but pay careful attention to it. I think in addition to that we look at just sheer cash flow performance and I commented earlier on dynamics involving our FSA earnings. The reason why we have 82% to 100% of FSA earnings repatriation as a policy is that in times of stress, we may retain more capital. Right now, as I look at the risk as we go forward, I mentioned in my comments that we do have to be conscious of a couple small close blocks of business that are more sensitive to low for long interest rates and actuarial sensitivity. I think it’s really too early to tell at the moment whether we’ll see any impact from that. We’ve of course got other blocks of business that tend to be somewhat “rich” with respect to reserves and ID&R and so forth. And so, there could be offsetting issues. So, at the moment I think we are just being cautious and looking at those issues. I do think that if you think about where we are in the credit cycle, if you think about the interest rate environment in Japan and associated volatility, I think it is in fact the time to be cautious about the notion of sizing, if you will, excess capital, deployable capital on a purely Japan basis. Cash flow remains good. I would not really move off of any of the comments I made at FAB. But we are more carefully watching it. Now contrast that with the U.S. where if you were to look at a U.S. only basis, our business remains very strong, very stable. It’s by definition of low risk profile business. We run it very high RBC levels, if you were to look on a standalone basis. And so, I continued to promote the notion that while we are moderating our views of excess capital in Japan, we continue to be bullish on the notion of there being excess capital levels in the U.S., and we will try to balance that out as we go forward.
Tom Gallagher: And Fred, just a follow-up, are you using some alternative measure whether that’s just for your purposes as another cut looking at the economics of your Japanese business or are you really relying on SMR now to determine capital adequacy?
Fred Crawford: No. Tom, thanks for asking the question because I am -- let me just step back and say that everything sort of starts at the route of our capital planning with just our view of the risk not a formula’s view of the risk. And by that I’d say, we have developed, as you can imagine, certain economic capital approaches to stressing our business looking at capital adequacy both in Japan and the U.S., although more of an issue in Japan given the low rate environment. And very, very importantly don’t lose sight of the stress testing. We do pretty extensive stress testing both in Japan and the U.S. looking at all the variables you are accustomed to in terms of moving our ratios around. And under those stress tests, that can guide us to some degree and how much capital we carry. So, I got my partner, if you will, Todd Daniels right next to me, and he is our risk manager globally. And he and I work in very close contact along with Eric in looking at these stresses, looking at economic capital oriented capital ratios as well as the stated ratios. So, you are right to ask that question, we do do that and it guides our behavior.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And even -- I’m sorry, one last follow-up -- when you consider economic capital, you feel like you are in good position, all things equal. Is that fair to say?
Fred Crawford: If you follow Japanese insurance companies, you will note that on their economic value analyses that they have lost, economic value related to the very low interest rate, remember that their business models tend to be much more heavily weighted towards the types of businesses that will take it on the chin, so to speak with respect to low for long rates. Now, we’re not immune from that. We have business that is most notably first sector savings oriented businesses that we’ll get to depressed, some of the longer duration businesses can get depressed related to low for long rates even on the third sector side. So, we’re not any different than the Japanese’s companies in the sense that we’ve seen headwinds on those ratios, but realize on a relative basis, we tend to perform much better, we tend to model out more favorably because of the sheer strength and size of our third sector business in dominant positions. So, no question, there have been headwinds to those types of what I call additional economic capital positions, but we tend to do well on a relative basis. And that helps us out.
Robin Wilkey: Before we end the call today, I would like to take the opportunity to remind everyone of our upcoming Tokyo financial analyst briefing to be held on September the 12th. For further details, please don’t hesitate to call us. And we look forward to seeing you there. And thank you again for joining us today for the call. Good bye.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger - President Paul Amos - President Fred Crawford - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Teresa White - President, Aflac U.S. Eric Kirsch - Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer Hiroshi Yamauchi - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan Koji Ariyoshi - Executive Vice President and Director, Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Erik Bass - Citigroup Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Ryan Krueger - KBW Eric Berg - RBC Capital Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Suneet Kamath - UBS Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Sean Dargan - Macquarie
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma’am, you may now proceed.
Robin Wilkey: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2016 call. Joining me this morning in the U.S. is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Joining us from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release of some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I am turning the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Fred will follow up with some brief comments about our financial performance for the quarter and outlook for the year. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thanks, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me begin by saying that the first quarter of 2016 was a great start for Aflac. Let me first provide an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. You will recall that the last quarter that we anticipated sales of third sector products would be down mid single-digits for the full year, following very strong production results in 2015 and that is still the case. However, sales of Aflac Japan’s third sector products were up 1% for the quarter, which means we are running ahead of expectations for the third quarter sales. No one aspect of our business is contributing to the outperformance. It’s simply stronger than expected productivity across all key distribution channels. We continue to believe the long-term compound annual growth of third sector products will be in the range of 4% to 6%. Consistent with our expectation, sales of first sector products were elevated in the quarter. As discussed on our fourth quarter conference call, steps to control the sale of first sector products are being taken and we continue to implement various substantial actions later in the second quarter. These include a combination of production caps, commission restructuring, product re-pricing and in select cases, product discontinuance. As a result of these planned actions, we anticipate seeing at least a 50% decline in first sector product sales, namely WAYS and Child Endowment in the second half of 2016 compared to the second half of 2015. Managing through the low interest rate environment is nothing new to Aflac Japan. Paul and the team from Aflac Japan are going to cover this in more details next month at our Financial Analyst Briefing. From a product perspective, we work hard to remain in step with the wants and needs of the Japanese consumer in our distribution channels. In doing so, we continually enhance our portfolio of products. This quarter, we introduced a cancer insurance product designed for those who have previously been diagnosed with cancer and been cancer-free for 5 years just as we do in the United States as well as an enhanced nonstandard medical insurance product. We will continue to be innovative and are providing options that millions of Japanese consumers are looking for as they struggle to bear the financial burdens of higher medical expenses. From a distribution perspective, our traditional agencies have been and remained viable contributors to our success and this was certainly true in the first quarter. Additionally, all of our alliance partners continued to produce strong results and I am especially pleased with Japan Post and their 20,000 plus postal outlets selling our cancer insurance. Our goal remains to be where the people want to buy and our various distribution outlets broaden our reach. Turning to Aflac U.S., you will recall that 2015 was the year of building out our business through our carrier and broker distribution channels. In doing so, we established the foundation for greater long-term growth opportunities. We see 2016 as the year of stabilization and growth and continue to execute on our strategies. With Aflac generating new annualized premium sales of 3.7%, we are off to a good start toward our expectation of the 3% to 5% sales growth for the U.S. in 2016. I do want to again emphasize that we anticipate our sales will be increasingly concentrated toward the end of the fourth quarter, but what we achieved prior to that time lays the groundwork for our ultimate success. As you all well know, success and opportunity breeds competition. That, combined with a clear need for voluntary products, has resulted in a number of other companies entering the voluntary supplemental insurance market. These have included insurance carriers who sell voluntary insurance as well as companies involved in various aspects of the healthcare management. As a result, we are executing on strategies designed to increase Aflac’s importance to the employer and employees in an effort to drive further growth and penetration in our core supplemental voluntary products. But keep in mind, Aflac’s singular focus on supplemental voluntary products has greatly contributed to our dominant position in the worksite insurance industry and I believe we will continue to drive us in our competitive edge. Teresa will cover this in more detail at the Financial Analyst Briefing. One Day Pay also remains a key differentiator for Aflac. We will continue to promote One Day Pay to consumers, which we believe will help drive increased brand loyalty and account penetration. Here is an amazing statistic. In 2015 and continuing through the first quarter, 100% of the eligible One Day Pay claims submitted were paid within 1 day. I think that we will process more than 2 million One Day Pay claims in 2016. Independent research continues to show that there is no doubt that American consumers need cash quickly and paying clients fast and fairly sets us apart from the competition and I believe will really drive our sales. Turning to capital deployment, Fred will provide more details shortly, but let me just say that we continue to view growing the cash dividend and purchasing our shares as the most attractive means for deploying capital, particularly in the absence of compelling alternatives. Despite recent market volatility, our capital position remains strong and reinforces our plan of repurchasing $1.4 billion of shares, with the majority concentrated in the first half of the year. I will conclude by reiterating that I have been in this business now more than 40 years, and I am more excited today than I have ever been, because the future is so bright at Aflac. Now, let me turn it over to Fred for our financial results. Fred?
Fred Crawford: Thank you, Dan. You have all had a chance to review the details of our earnings release. As Dan noted in his comments, our first quarter results certainly gave us a great start to the year and achieving our 2016 earnings guidance. Our results were driven by strong overall margins in both the U.S. and Japan. The only notable item in the quarter was an unfavorable expense item running through our corporate line of approximately $8 million after-tax or $0.02 per share. This item represents an acceleration of stock compensation expense in order to properly reflect our guidelines for retirement-eligible employees. We would not expect this portion of the expense to repeat in future quarters and the expense itself is largely a timing issue. Our Japan segment margins were solid in the quarter with continued strength in benefit ratios. Routine adjustments to reserves contributed modestly to the performance in the period and reflect favorable claims trends. Our expense ratio came in as expected and generally in line with our outlook called guidance. In the U.S., benefit ratios were considerably better than last year’s quarter, but fairly consistent with our seasonal expectation for a strong first quarter. Benefit ratios tend to be lower early in the year as policyholders manage deductibles and are less likely to experience routine injuries that come with outdoor activity. Lapse rates also tend to be modestly elevated in the first quarter, which has the effect of driving the benefit ratio down and DAC amortization higher. Our overall expense ratio in the U.S. was in line with our expectations as general expenses were down, offset by elevated DAC amortization. In Japan and the U.S., we would expect both our benefit and expense ratios to trend within our December outlook called guidance ranges as we move into the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. Turning to investments, new money rates in Japan were influenced by the pre-bind of our annual budget of JGBs, which serve to depress our purchase yields relative to our full year expectation. This tactical strategy was critical and that we purchased the majority of our JGB budget prior to the BOJ’s action, allowing us time to fully implement measures intended to curb the sale of certain first sector products while defending profitability. As we move forward, navigating the rate environment in Japan will involve allocations to long-dated JGBs, which while low yielding, provide certain ALM and capital benefits. We will continue our work to develop alternative yen investments and support our hedged dollar program. U.S. new money rates were influenced by the continued build out of our strategic asset allocation and were modestly elevated relative to our full year expectations due to a concentration of purchases in higher yielding middle market loans. We continue our efforts to build a position in diversified asset classes, helping to support higher long-term returns. Let me comment for a moment on hedge costs and know that I will go into some more detail on strategy at our Financial Analyst Briefing in May. We have experienced an increase in hedge costs as compared to last year. This is not only market driven, but somewhat the result of our tactical efforts to extend the average duration of the forwards backing the dollar program. As you know from our previous comments, the rise in hedge costs was fully expected as recent years have experienced abnormally low costs relative to historic norms. As indicated in our press release, we recorded $29 million after tax or $0.07 a share in hedge costs for the quarter. We record the full cost of forwards upfront in the quarter purchased. Thus, the timing of what is rolling on and off the program can make a difference in any one quarter. We have approximately $13 billion of dollar bond program hedged with forwards at an estimated full year average pretax cost of roughly 110 basis points. While early in the year and recognizing the accounting treatment, the 110 basis point range is a practical pretax estimate for our full year cost expectations on our existing portfolio, this assuming no material change in our hedging strategy or market movements. Our capital and liquidity position remained strong. We have only estimates on SMR and RBC at this time, but expect both to remain strong and generally consistent with recent periods despite a return to volatility in the quarter. Impairments in the quarter were modest and prices in our energy portfolio have recovered somewhat after a volatile January and February. Between dividends and repurchase, we returned $773 million to our shareholders in the quarter. Depending on overall capital conditions, we expect to repatriate 80% to 100% of FSA earnings in 2016 or roughly ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion. We continue to spend down excess capital held at the holding company, in part driven by repatriation of 2015 reinsurance proceeds and are on pace to achieve our $1 billion share repurchase target for the first half of 2016 and $1.4 billion in repurchase for the full year. Our business model is resilient to market volatility and our overall cost of capital continues to decline in contrast to industry players with more exposed business models. We have made no adjustments to our earnings guidance of $6.17 to $6.41 per share assuming the same average exchange rate as last year, which was roughly ¥121 million to the dollar. Given strength in the yen during the quarter, we have provided in our press release an EPS range for the second quarter assuming a yen to dollar of ¥105 to ¥115. While important to recognize exchange rates with respect to cash flows and capital ratios, we focus on EPS progress on a currency neutral basis. We believe our performance in the quarter certainly bodes well for 2016. Thank you. And I will now turn the call back to Robin to begin our Q&A session. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Fred. Before we begin Q&A, I wanted to remind everyone of our upcoming Financial Analyst Briefing meeting to be held in New York on May 25. Additionally, we will have our mini FAB meeting in Tokyo, September 12. We all hope to see you there. Now we are ready to start taking questions. But first, let me remind you to be fair to everyone, please limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to the initial question. We are now ready to begin.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Speakers, we have a question coming from the line of Erik Bass of Citigroup. Sir, your line now is open.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. I guess how does the year-to-date strengthen the yen, coupled with the BOJ’s focus on weakening the currency, influence your thinking around repatriating capital from Japan or hedging future repatriation?
Fred Crawford: Sure, Erik. Thanks. It’s Fred. There are a couple of components to be mindful of in a strengthening yen. One is because we, of course have a dollar program where we are generating dollar based income from an investment perspective, on a cash basis you are needing to convert that dollar back into yen and as it converts, it will actually be a headwind to FSA earnings. And so when it comes to looking at repatriation, for example, just FSA earnings themselves would typically see some modest headwind related to yen strengthening. Now you couple that also however, with looking at the overall condition in your SMR ratio and what’s happening in capital conditions. And as I mentioned in my comments, we continue to have stability in our SMR ratio, meaning that exchange rates aside, the spread gap – gap in spreads and lower interest rates have actually provided a little bit of a modest lift to SMR ratio. So when you combine those two, the capital conditions by SMR and looking at any pressure to FSA earnings, I would expect to hold steady on our repatriation efforts. Now the other end of your question is a good one and that is well, don’t you have an opportunity to then convert that yen back into more dollars in the U.S. through your hedging of repatriation activity. And the answer is yes, but there is a lagging effect. And the reason there is a lagging effect is because our strategy on hedging repatriated yen is to really roll forward, if you will our dollar cost average our way into hedging typically about five quarters to maybe as much as six quarters out in advance. So eventually, we start locking future cash flows into more attractive exchange rates on a yen to dollar basis, but for a while it lags. So for example, in 2016, we have hedged effectively all of our repatriated – repatriation plans at least on an FSA earnings basis and the average hedge exchange rate that we have converted dollars into is about ¥117 – of about ¥117 to the dollar. So that gives you an idea. So we are on the negative side, if you will compared to current exchange rates, but realize over time, that will all flow together in dollar cost averaging. There will no doubt be a time where we are actually on the attractive end of converting yen to dollars as exchange rates move around.
Erik Bass: Got it. And what you think about – I guess for next year then, you are potentially repatriating more given that you would be locking in a more favorable exchange rate?
Fred Crawford: I think the important thing to note on that Erik, is that my first stop in terms of thinking about repatriation strategy is really on capital quality, capital conditions and what types of risk and issues and performance is taking place in the business. Only then do I think about exchange rate strategy. And that’s really – exchange rate strategy in my view, is the tail that wags the dog. It’s not the major dynamic. So if you were to for example, assume stability in capital conditions, which currently we think conditions are relatively stable, then what we may do on the margin is go out a little further and lock in more of that yen coming back home into dollars. We may also toggle between that 80% and 100% of FSA earnings based on – somewhat on the value of the dollars or the yen to dollar that we are bringing back, but that is a very, very minor component to the overall decision, which is hey, what’s going on with the capital conditions in Japan.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And if I could just sneak in one last one that’s related, you mentioned that you were spending down some current excess capital. Can you just help us think about how you would quantify current excess capital?
Fred Crawford: Yes. What my comment is referring to is, in 2015, as you know, in March of 2015, right, prior to my arrival, Aflac executed on a reinsurance transaction that generated after-tax about ¥90 billion, if you will, in FSA earnings. And as you recall from last year, over the course of the year, but most predominantly in the fourth quarter, we effectively brought the majority of that ¥90 billion, if you will, back to the U.S. or let’s call it $750 million. That served to really kick up the level of excess capital that we had at the holding company at year end and we have been essentially spending that down through the combination of accelerated repurchase into the first quarter, but also we will gradually feather down that excess capital over the course of 2016 and also 2017. So, the important point to note is that there is the true free cash flow of the company and then there is the cash flow or excess capital that’s been generated through reinsurance. And last year’s exercise is a good example of that. So, as we spend that down over the course of 2016 and ‘17 that’s what’s supporting some of our deployment – deployable capital estimates that you have seen historically in previous FAB discussion.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you for the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line now is open.
Nigel Dally: Great, thank you. Good morning. With first sector sales, I had two questions. First, can you discuss the margins you are generating on those products given the current interest rate environment? And second, you talked about managing down sales, is there anything to stop you from just discontinuing those sales? Thanks.
Fred Crawford: So, let me talk a little bit about – let me hit your margin first and then I am going to toss to Paul to clarify also or expand on some of the actions we are taking. But just on the margins, first of all, these products have been priced to exceed our cost of capital and obviously drive economic value for the company realizing that in many cases, we are selling the product in combination with third sector distribution relationships and so we think in terms of sort of a blended economic value driven off the distribution. Where there are distribution partners that are more dominant in the first sector and much more say lump sum dumping or interest-sensitive type sales, that’s where you particularly want to take more decisive action. Now, I mentioned that early in the year, we bought – pre-bought JGBs. We bought JGBs at around a little north of 1% at an average duration of around 20, 22 years. And obviously, pricing these days, you are talking about yields more down around 30 to 40 basis points. That has gone a long way to defending our returns in the product over the course of this year. It doesn’t completely immunize the returns, but it gives you a great start to defending and allows you or buys you time to take not only actions on the distribution front, but also actions on the investment front as flows come in over time. And so right now, keep in mind that we tend to price these products out with an expectation for yields in the roughly 1.25% to 1.4% range. And just to give you an idea, in the first quarter alone, even with the heightened allocation to JGBs, we, after hedge costs, generated around a 2% or so yield net of hedge costs. And so we have got some room in our pricing to suffer the natural low interest rate environment over time and still defend yields, but we have got to be diligent in shutting down the flows, because over time, clearly, these are much less attractive and we need time to re-price and recalibrate. Paul, maybe I will toss to you then on some of the actions we are taking.
Paul Amos: Sure. Nigel, first and foremost, I want to go back and revisit the fourth quarter outlook call for this year when we basically differentiated between first sector savings products and first sector products that are level premium products. And so I am going to differentiate a little bit here, because we are obviously making significantly higher profit margins on the level premium than we are with savings products. So, to get into the specific measures that we are taking, we are suspending sales of our lump-sum WAYS product, while we are restricting sales on our level premium WAYS product. We are also going to move up the re-pricing of our WAYS product into this year. Additionally, for all of first sector, we are going to re-price our products effective April 2017 and so we believe that, that would put the portfolio back in a much better place. In terms of channel and distribution partners, because as Fred said, this is a critical component to the decision of lot of stake in the market. From a bank channel perspective, effective May 2, we have suspended all WAYS and lump sum Child Endowment from a nonexclusive agency perspective, which are some of the largest growing agencies throughout Japan. April 1, we have put in caps for WAYS and Child Endowment. And finally for the traditional agencies, we are lowering commission. Now again, as what I have said in the past, when we have these exclusive agencies who sign a contract to basically offer only Aflac products, they do so with the belief that we are going to provide them not only third sector products, but also first sector products. And as a result, we make sure that we offer those products and that prevents us from discontinuing them altogether. Now that said, I know you want us focused on third sector. And as Dan mentioned in his opening remarks, we are heavily focused on the two new products given they are smaller products that we have just put out our cancer for cancer survivors and our revised nonstandard medical. And even though it was only the last couple of weeks of the quarter that those were out, we are very happy with how those were starting. Finally, we are going to be launching a new product this summer and we can’t go into all the details yet. Hopefully, by FAB, we will be able to cover some of the details about that new third sector product line that we have never been in before, but we are refocusing the attention of our distribution partners on third sectors to the extent we can. We did anticipate this spike in first sector as a result of these discontinuances and sales restrictions that we are putting in place. And we believe the second half of the year, we will be having some substantial reduction in first sector because of the changes that we are making and we have accounted for all of this.
Nigel Dally: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar of Deutsche Bank. Sir, your line now is open.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. I want to start with U.S. benefit ratios or the claims experience there, I think you noted that it was pretty much in line with what you would have expected in the strong quarter. But going back several years, I don’t remember seeing such a strong quarter and I was hopeful that you maybe could give a little more color as to what exactly drove these very strong results?
Fred Crawford: Sure. Yes, in my comments, I do want to be clear that what definitely is expected when we play out the seasonal dynamics of our business is that we would experience stronger than normal and in fact typically the strongest quarter of the year is the first quarter for the reasons I mentioned on my calls. Natural seasonality, some of the natural lapsation that comes off of a strong 4Q sales into 1Q sales and the enrollment periods and everything that plays into the natural rolling of our business, that all plays into a better benefit ratio in the first quarter. However, I would tell you that this benefit ratio is certainly a bit lower than we would have naturally planned for. This is still doing a little better than what we would expect. And I think as we go through the numbers obviously and dive into the actuarial performance in the business, we are seeing a few things. One is obviously some of the continued positive trends we have been experiencing in recent years in terms of just overall claim activity. When you couple that with the natural adjustments or, in some cases, lack of adjustments in IBNR as your actual to expected continues to perform well, you can essentially hike – enhance, if you will, the impact on your benefit ratio in any period. In other words, couple just good old-fashioned positive claims activity with positive IBNR adjustments once you’ve studied the business long enough to make the adjustments. In past few years, I would tell you that even though we have experienced strong first quarters, there were at times where we made certain IBNR adjustments on select lines of business where we felt as if there was modest efficiencies, for example, when looking at actual to expected. And now having caught up with those reserve strengthenings, we are not seeing as much of that anymore. And so you tend to highlight the first quarter, but I want to remind you that we also had actually quite a positive fourth quarter relative to our expectations. So, we will develop perhaps a little more dialogue around this at our FAB meeting in May. And what I would tell you is that our practice here, as it takes quite a bit of time, of research and looking at the trends before we would declare victory, if you will, on resetting our expectations for benefit ratios. We fully expect second quarter benefit ratios to rebound back if you will towards our outlook guidance that we gave in December and you should anticipate that as you think about modeling our results.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. That’s very helpful. And then my follow-up question actually goes back to the series of questions you got earlier about first sector sales. As you discontinue the – some of the WAYS product and curtail some of the other first sector products, is that factoring into your expectations that third sector products would come under pressure this year as well or is that purely a factor of the strong sales growth that you had last year?
Paul Amos: This is Paul. It is factoring into our third sector thought process. The reality is, first quarter third sector sales were better than we anticipated. But the additional reduction that we are taking and the measures we are taking to pull back on first sector are accounting for Dan’s continued comment that we expect to be within the range in terms of third sector sales. So I am very positive about the first quarter, but I recognize these additional measures may have an impact in the latter part of the year. Therefore, we want to reverberate our range of sales as what it was in the December outlook call.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW. Sir, your line now is open.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on profit repatriation, Fred you talked about you are benefiting from some of the reinsurance that’s already been done, can you talk about what your expectation would be on a more normalized basis for profit repatriation just from ongoing earnings that the Japanese business generates on an FSA basis?
Fred Crawford: Yes. It’s really implied in some of my outlook comments. And that is, as we sit here today based on our planning we have suggested FSA earnings and associated repatriation in the range of ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion. Let me also clarify something just to make sure we are all on the same page and that is I am talking about 2016, just realize that we print our FSA earnings on an annual basis at 03/31 year end. You don’t need to necessarily concern yourself with that, but we really trap things in terms of year end to year end 03/31. But when focusing on repatriation that’s effectively our estimate right now is ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion and that is essentially 80% to 100% of our FSA or our annualized FSA earnings estimate for the year. And we will have to see how things play out. What would cause you to go from 80% to 100% is entirely on the overall dynamics of capital development, key ratios that we look at, of course investments and investment risk and performance. It’s all the things you would expect. Again, conditions seem to be moving forward nicely, but we have to be careful. There were some yellow lights flashing if you will on the first quarter with market volatility, energy prices, etcetera. And so we had to pay very careful attention. Things have stabilized a bit, but I don’t think anybody would declare a victory. We can still see periods of market volatility and need to be careful.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. But just on a more ongoing basis, longer term, I should basically take the profit repatriation guidance for this year and exclude the benefit from the reinsurance and that would be more of an ongoing normalized expectation?
Fred Crawford: That would be more the run rate and you have to recall that I think in total, we have done roughly ¥300 billion, from a reserve perspective, reinsurance transactions, over three transactions that has resulted in approximately ¥200 billion in FSA profits. And we have retained about 40% of those proceeds and repatriated the rest, so give or take ¥120 billion. And so when we go out reinsurance, we have a blended approach of retention to support our capital ratios and defend our capital ratios and repatriation where it makes sense to repatriate and deploy. And so over the last few years, supporting our deployable capital measures has certainly been the rolling through reinsurance transactions. If you were to subtract out those benefits and move to more of a true cash flow, it’s typically more essentially the repatriation estimates in any given year plus what I would call free cash flow in the U.S. and/or the movement of excess capital in the U.S. up to the holding company. We will give you a little bit more color around this for sure as part of our comments at the Financial Analyst Briefing in May.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow-up, your debt to cap ratio is 21.5, obviously debt costs are very low in Japan right now and I think your target is up to 25%, do you see any opportunity to add some additional leverage at this point?
Fred Crawford: At this time no specific plans and certainly nothing in our outlook, if you will. So the guidance we have given relative to EPS and the like, we don’t have any levering up, if you will in our plans. We have some refinancing and pre-funding, if you will. We tend to go out early. And over the course of the end of this year and into the early part of next year, we have in a range of $800 million to maybe as much as $1 billion of refinancing related activity or pre-funding activity. So we do have those in our plans, but we don’t have an outright levering up in our plans. I think it’s true that there is a certain amount of what I would call debt capacity or leverage capacity at the holding company at Aflac. But again, I want you to be careful about any potential market volatility and also want to defend our strong ratings. Part of the reason we have a very low cost of capital, in fact in recent periods, our cost of capital has been drifting actually below 8%, which is tremendous. Part of that reason is we maintain extremely strong ratings and can access the capital markets at very aggressive rates, both yen and U.S. dollar. And so we want to make sure we protect that. Our coverage ratio is essential. In fact actually there is only a two notch separation between our financial strength ratings and our holding company ratings and part of that is because of the very strong interest coverage ratios we have. So we pay attention to that, Ryan. But I would argue yes, we have some level of debt capacity, but no immediate plans to leverage up.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Berg of RBC Capital. Sir, your line now is open.
Eric Berg: Thanks very much. Good morning to everyone. Fred, you mentioned in your – I think it was in your prepared remarks or maybe an answer to a question, pardon me, that the FSA earnings would face headwinds due to yen strengthening as dollar investments get converted back to yen, I would understand that in the absence of hedging, but given that you have such a large and well developed hedging program, why is there this earnings – FSA earnings headwind in the face of – in the presence of a hedge program?
Fred Crawford: Well, I mean some of it is that we have a meaningful un-hedged portion of the dollar program. And so be mindful of that. We run for example, about a $22 billion or so U.S. dollar program in Japan and we tend to maintain a hedge ratio of about 65% of that. So you have an un-hedged portion that’s tossing off dollars to be hedged back into yen. So it’s that dynamic. And Eric I don’t know if you have anything to add.
Eric Kirsch: I will just add a number of our private placements or what we call the versatile currency bonds where well, the principal is in yen, the coupon actually comes in dollars. So that also would contribute similarly to the un-hedged portion that Fred mentioned.
Eric Berg: Okay. The other question I had relates to the first sector programs and I just want to place a sharper point than we have on the problem here, of course we are all aware of the extremely low interest rates indeed on the short end of the yield curve, negative interest rates in Japan, but if you are able with your dollar investment program and associated hedging, paired with long dated JGBs, to produce target rates of return, if you can earn north of 2% at present in the multiplicity of ways or approaches that you are using and you are able to earn target rates of return as you would say you did in the March quarter on the new products, why do you nonetheless feel you must cut back? Thank you.
Fred Crawford: I mean I will give you my financial perspective and then certainly welcome any comments from Paul strategically. But this is a product set in general that even though we can achieve and cover for example, our cost of capital and arguably add economic value, this is not just a lower return of capital relative to third sector, but it can also be a potentially and more volatile return on capital, meaning think of it as the spray of potential return outcomes on the product can be quite a bit wider and less predictable, if you will, less manageable, if you will than third sector. This relates to things like lapse rates, buyer behavior. As you know, the WAYS product for example, converts into several different options of products, so who converts and who converts into what can play into it. So you have a lot of dynamics at play that really, in my mind raise the stakes on the return expectations. In other words, if you were to describe a broader spray of potential returns to me, I would have a higher expectation of returns in general. And that’s not the case given the rate environment. So what I would say is, remember, we are remaining in the game. It’s just at a greatly reduced level. And we are remaining in the game for the very reason you point out, Eric and that is we can certainly re-price and cover our cost of capital in such a way that we remain offering the product and support our distribution partnerships in Japan, which is critical to third sector. It’s just that from a relative use of capital, we will want to grow and support and build third sector all day long and would rather pullback a little bit on first sector, which should by the way over time, now over a long period of time, should by the way bring gradual lift to FSA earnings and cash flow and allow us to repatriate and redeploy capital in other higher returning opportunities.
Dan Amos: But Eric, you have been around a long time as I have and the fundamental things of what’s built our business, is right in third sector. The life insurance was always a door opener to help put our agents in a position when they went to the table to meet with people and go over things, if they wanted life insurance, it was there, but we still want our focus on third sector and that’s really the driver.
Eric Berg: Alright, thanks to everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz of Raymond James. Sir, your line now is open.
Steven Schwartz: Thank you very much. Good morning everybody. Question for Eric. I just want to follow-up on kind of what you did in the quarter with JGBs kind of what percentage of JGB buying that you expected to do and your plan was done in the first quarter. And given that presumably a lot more would be done in the dollar program where we could see new money yields throughout the rest of the year?
Eric Kirsch: Sure. That’s a good point. About 70% of our full year expectations for JGBs were purchased in the first quarter. And that was a tactical move on the investment group’s part partly because one, we were aware of the cash flows related to WAYS and had an expectation of them being more overweighted in the first half of the year. And second, we have obviously always talked about macro factors like the DOJ and we were pretty strong in understanding that the likelihood was – JGB as we continue to go down. So, we made that tactical move which turned out to be a good one. But you are right, as we go to the rest of the year, dollar assets, growth assets will be 70% probably of our allocation, with JGBs being about 25% or so or JGB-like investments as part of our plan. So when you look at it in that regard, in the first quarter, this is gross hedge cost and other numbers, 214 net of hedge costs, as Fred mentioned, about 201. For the rest of the year, we would expect that new money yield based on that allocation differences to be about 320, take off about 5 or 6 for a hedge cost depending on the exact makeup of the asset. So for the full year, our expectation now based on market conditions, cash flows that we know would be about 270 before hedge cost and again, knock off about 5 for average weighted hedge cost in that new money yield with respect to the rest of the year. Now for us, as you know, the markets are dynamic, things are moving quickly. So, we certainly reserve the right based on where markets are, asset classes are to change those allocations, but based on plan, that’s our expectation.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Thank you, Eric. And then a follow-up for Fred, on the hedge cost, I was trying to do some quick math while you were talking. Given you mentioned 110 basis points on the existing $13 billion that’s being hedged and the costs that were incurred in the first quarter, I am coming out to about $0.23 for this year, would that be in the ballpark?
Fred Crawford: Your math is good. So for example, you take 110 basis points on $13 billion, that’s $143 million pre-tax, for example. Tax affected divide by our 420 million shares outstanding and you are in that $0.22, $0.23 a share. Now, couple of things. If you noticed and remember my comments, I said hey, timing is everything as you move quarter-to-quarter because of the way in which we account for that. We had $44 million pre-tax, $29 million after-tax, $0.07 a share in the first quarter. If you look at a run-rate basis, you are thinking about more in terms of $0.05, maybe a little north of $0.05 of share. And so I made the comment that, hey, I would expect, for the year as we roll the whole year together and look at it, that it’s something in the 110 basis point range, but realizing the first quarter that was ticked up a little bit because of the simple buying pattern. Now one other thing to be careful about, right, is I am holding essentially all else equal. I am holding the size of our portfolio equal. I am holding our hedge strategy effectively equal and I am holding the markets in and around where they are at today. Markets have stabilized a little bit. No one is getting excited or anything, but after a March rise in hedge costs over the last year, there has been a little bit of stabilization as we see markets calm down. But I think we are about what 12 hours away from a Bank of Japan meeting or so, if not short of them to add. And so things can change. We will have to watch it carefully and carefully manage it.
Steven Schwartz: Alright, thank you. Understood, Fred.
Fred Crawford: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath of UBS. Your line now is open.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks and good morning. Appreciate the comment about the first sector products being above your low cost of capital, but can you just remind us what the expected returns are on the first sector and how those compare to the third sector products you are selling?
Fred Crawford: Yes. We – it’s very, very assumption-dependent, which is why you tend to see us back away a little bit from giving you precise point estimates. I mean, it has an awful lot to do with the nature of the product, Child Endowment versus WAYS, the nature of the WAYS product and very importantly how that WAYS product plays out. So, that’s my point about the spray of returns. Returns – and remember, in Japan, you have an even lower cost of capital technically in Japan than you do on a consolidated basis for obvious reasons. But these products, based on the runs I have seen and on various interest rate assumptions, they can range from the high single-digits to as much as low 10% plus range, but we can build this out a little bit more for you and talk a bit more at FAB. I want to just caution that it has everything to do with what the verdicts passed are for these products along with sensitivity in interest rates.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, got it. And then my follow-up question that’s related is can you give us an update in terms of your Aflac Japan pre-tax earnings in terms of the mix between first sector and third sector?
Fred Crawford: I don’t have that particular mix handy. As we talk about it, we talk about the difference in benefit ratio and expense ratios between the products as you know. The benefit ratio on first sector products, you will tend to have a much higher benefit ratio and much lower expense ratio than you do on third sector. And so we would need to give you a little bit of commentary around the relative premium between the two so that you could do the math. Kriss, I don’t know if you...
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss. We will update that at FAB. As I recall from last year’s numbers, first sector profits comprised roughly 20% of our total Aflac Japan. Profits in the third sector were the balance. I don’t know if I am remembering that exactly right, but it’s short of that order of magnitude. The premium income was skewing up toward the first sector products, but the profit margins being lower, diluted overall profit as a percent of the aggregate total, but we showed you that in a chart last year and we will update it again in May.
Suneet Kamath: And is your expectation that that portion from the first sector will now start to decline maybe starting from that 20%?
Fred Crawford: It’s going to be glacial in terms of its impact. And I would say that because you are talking about a product that tends to have maybe a little better than a 1% lapse rate, particularly first sector products like WAYS, Child Endowment, etcetera. So over time, as you throttle back on the new sales, you would expect to see it become less and less of the percentage of your earnings simply because we would fully anticipate to continue to grow our third sector business at a more significant compounded annual growth rate. So that will happen, but in terms of say near-term modeling-related issues over the next few years and so forth, you are not talking about a material impact or swing in that dynamic.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your line now is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if Dan or maybe Paul could just talk about competitive trends in the Japanese third sector market and your confidence in your ability to improve third sector sales to your 4% to 6% growth guidance longer term over time. And the reason I am asking is a lot of companies with JGB yields being depressed have been talking about pulling back from life insurance, selling more third sector products. So are you seeing that now? Is that affecting your view on what the expected pace of growth in your sales will be longer term as a result?
Paul Amos: Well, let me start by saying historically if you went all the way back to deregulation in 2001, which Dan can comment on, everyone has always said they are going to come after our business and our profit margins. And this has been happening for 1.5 decades. In reality, we have been able to fend those off and continue to grow our business. And I think there is no better evidence of that than the sales we saw from our cancer plan, which many people thought could be a saturated market, but in reality, we see it as a growth market as it continues. We think that our resurgence up above 70% market share at one point as we launched the product and now staying above 50% is very positive for us. In terms of medical, there is no doubt that the markets – there are a high volume of competitors that it is a highly competitive situation and that we continue to focus on making better and better product. I think the factor that we have to place on this is quicker product launches. We are more likely going to see a more periodic launch of a new product with new benefits based on healthcare changes as well as competition in the marketplace, but we have not seen substantially lower margins put on by other companies. And so we feel like we can still, with the brand that we have, with the products that we have put in place and the distribution outlets that we have that are pretty much comprehensive as compared to most of our competitors who will focus on one or two distribution channels, we feel like we are in the right places to grow this business. Additionally, I mentioned that we are going to launch a new third sector product and category later this year. And we believe that’s one more benefit to our overall third sector portfolio. I will let Dan make some comments.
Dan Amos: Well, the only thing I would say is in all the years with Japan, certainly now is not the time I have been the most worried about competition. I was much more worried in 2001 and other times probably, but it’s never going to be one person or one company that comes after us. It’s just a lot of little ones. And again, I think most of them spike and then it goes back down. And so I believe, because it is our major product and that’s what we do all of our concentration on that we have got a distinct advantage. And although these life insurers that talk about getting into third sector, if that’s all they have got to look forward to, they are in big trouble. So, they have got to solve their life insurance issues one way or another and have got to find other ways. We can – they could get in third sector for a little bit, but it’s not going to solve their problems. And so I feel pretty comfortable with the way we are doing it. And at the same time, I don’t want to be cocky because anything can happen. But I think we are better prepared with new products, new ideas and continue to pretend like we are number two instead of number one, where we are always fighting to stay on top and that’s going to be our mode as it has been in the past.
Jimmy Bhullar: And as you think about your sales progression through the rest of the year, would you expect the decline in sales or weaker sales in anticipation of the new products that you are launching or should that not have an impact on the rest of the business since it’s a new type of product?
Dan Amos: I think our overall sales is a result of such a strong year last year. Double-digit – above the double-digit growth makes this year much harder for us. So, it’s that more than anything else.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay. The next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan of Macquarie. Your line now is open.
Sean Dargan: Thanks and good morning. I have a question about the trajectory of book value per share for investors who think of the world in that way. The jump between fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter you have been on an ex-FAS 115 basis was pretty meaningful. I am wondering if there is some FX remeasurement impact perhaps tied to the hedge that is affecting that number. And is there a way we should think about it excluding that?
Fred Crawford: Yes. What you – it’s a decent question, because it goes to book value. It also goes to ROE implications in terms of the way we report it even a little bit related to leverage in terms of how you define shareholders’ equity. But just note that in the way in which we calculate it, while we removed unrealized gains and losses on funds from traditional pricing issues or traditionally what most insurance companies do, in our calculation remains an unrealized gain and loss on foreign exchange, on FX. And what you saw here with the strengthening of the yen is that line item in our shareholders’ equity, which has in recent years been a large negative number, has become less of a negative number, with yen strengthening, i.e., adding to shareholders’ equity. And so it has served to, both year-over-year and on a sequential basis in particular even if you just look at fourth quarter to the first quarter actually kick up your shareholders’ equity and therefore pops up your book value per share a little bit more than usual. Obviously, we bought back a good amount of stock as well. But then also, it weighs down mechanically, if you will, on the ROE reported sequentially and year-over-year, but also can also play into your leverage calculation as well. So, as we go forward and as investors pay more attention to that book value, book value growth, ROE and the like, we will want to take some more time in understanding the mechanics of the calculation and make sure you understand what’s being done to move ROE forward. Obviously, coming off the earnings in the first quarter, our buyback of stock, we certainly pushed ROE forward, but you do have some FX-related denominator impacts in those ROE calculations.
Sean Dargan: Thanks. More clarity would be helpful. That’s all. Thank you.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you very much for joining us today. If you want to follow-up with any questions later on, Investor Relations will be in the office and we look forward to taking your call. Thank you again and hope to see you at our Financial Analyst Briefing in New York in May. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you so much. And that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior VP-Investor & Rating Agency Relations Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Eric M. Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S. Kriss Cloninger III - President
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. You may again.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior VP-Investor & Rating Agency Relations: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also, joining us from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan; Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws, although we believe these statements are reasonable and we can give no assurances that they will prove to be accurate because they're prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now I'll turn the program over to Dan who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and the year as well as our operations in Japan and the U.S. Following Dan's comments, Fred will follow up with brief comments about our financial performance for the quarter and the year. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. As we look back on 2015, Aflac's 60th year of operations, let me start off by saying that the final quarter of 2015 concluded another great year for Aflac. What's been true for these six decades, and what separates us from every other competitor, is our distinct product focus on voluntary and supplemental insurance in both the United States and in Japan. That kind of direct approach has been a major factor in our success and I believe it will continue to propel our leading position in the future. I'm especially pleased that our operating earnings per share growth, before currency, exceeded our expectations for the year, rising 7.5%. I think this is especially notable given historically low interest rates, market volatility and economic uncertainty in the world. I couldn't be more proud of the hard work and accomplishments of our management team, employees and sales distribution in Japan and the United States. It is an honor to work alongside our team who are dedicated to enhancing our long-term growth of the company and who represent all that Aflac stands for, The Aflac Way. Now I'll provide you some highlights related to our Japanese operation, where I believe we set the standard in many ways for other insurance companies in Japan. We're not only the pioneer and leading provider of cancer insurance, but we're also the number one seller of medical insurance too. This is particularly impressive given our increasing competitive medical market for insurance has become in Japan. But our relevant products, trusted brand and diverse distribution are a powerful combination that's very hard to compete with, and it propelled Aflac to insure one out of four households. I'm thrilled with Aflac Japan's tremendous annual growth of 13.4% increase in sales for third sector products, which surpassed our original expectation considerably. Not only were our 2015 results impressive across all channels, but we pointed out in our release last night the third sector sales increase for 2015 is particularly phenomenal because it marked the second highest annual third sector growth in 10 years. On the product side, it's exciting that sales of our founding cancer insurance were up a tremendous 40.6% for the year. As the pioneer of cancer insurance, this remarkable result underscores the importance of Japanese consumers' place on selecting a brand they know and trust. Turning to first sector products, the actions taken by the Bank of Japan on Friday resulted in JGB yields decline, as well as additional weakening of the yen to the dollar. As discussed on our December outlook call, we have taken steps to control the sale of first sector products as we enter 2016. Managing through the low interest rate environment is nothing new to Aflac Japan. The actions of the Bank of Japan simply reinforce our strategy and we will continue to review potential and further actions as the rate environment plays out. Fred will touch on the financial considerations in his comments. Looking at our distribution side, our traditional agencies had been and remain vital contributors to our success and this was certainly true throughout 2015. At the same time, I'm pleased with Aflac Japan's significant strides in further developing our alliance with Japan Post throughout the year. We completed the expansion of the number of post offices and their agents selling their products to more than 20,000 outlets during 2015. With this expansion, we've continued to ramp up our training of Japan Post employees to ensure they have the knowledge and tools to sell Aflac products successfully. The Catch-22 of tremendous sales results is the difficult comparisons they create. As we indicated, we believe that sales of third sector products in 2016 will be down mid-single digits following another year of outstanding sales in 2015. However, looking further out, we continue to view Aflac Japan's long-term compound annual growth rate as being in the range of 4% to 6%. Now turning to Aflac U.S., 2015 was a year of building our business through our career and broker distribution channels. We not only enhanced our career sales management infrastructure over the last year and a half, but we also laid the foundation for greater opportunities within the broker market. As you saw in the earnings release, Aflac U.S. hit an all-time record for the quarter with a premium amount of $497 million in new sales, which equated to a 9.6% increase. I'm especially happy with the fourth quarter given that it followed a 14.1% sales increase in the prior year. Our quarterly results exceeded our expectations and drove our total sales of $1.5 billion, which translates to a 3.7% increase for the year. Our sales results for 2015 exemplify that we've been communicating; our sales are increasingly concentrated toward the end of the fourth quarter and we believe this will continue to be the case. As you all well know, success and opportunity breeds competition. That, combined with a clear need for voluntary products, has resulted in a number of other companies entering the voluntary supplemental insurance market. These have included insurance carriers who sell voluntary insurance as well as companies involved in various aspects of healthcare management. But keep in mind, Aflac's singular focus on supplemental voluntary products has greatly contributed to our dominant position in the work-side insurance market, and I believe will continue to drive our competitive edge. One Day Pay remains a differentiator for Aflac. We will continue our promotion of One Day Pay to consumers which we believe will help increase brand loyalty and account penetration. Here is an amazing statistic. In 2015, we paid 1.2 million claims. 100% of the eligible One Day Pay claims submitted were paid within one day. I think we'll pay over 2 million One Day Pay claims in 2016. In the minds of consumers, our already high integrity jumped by 22%, the biggest move ever and we believe it's because of One Day Pay. Paying claims in just one day translates to this statement from consumers: If you're paying it in just one day, you must be a good company and with high integrity. Also, independent research continues to show that there is no doubt American consumers need cash quickly, and paying claims fast and fairly sets us apart from the competition. Even further differentiating Aflac, I'm also proud that Aflac's contact center has been recognized by J.D. Powers for providing outstanding customer service experience. This recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark. It is these kinds of initiatives and feedback that demonstrates our commitment to delivering on our promise to our policyholders. While 2015 was a year of building, we see 2016 as a year of stabilization and growth. We continue to believe that Aflac U.S. annualized premium sales growth in 2016 will be in the range of 3% to 5%. Turning to capital deployment, Fred will provide more detail shortly, but let me just say that we view growing the cash dividend and purchasing our shares as the most attractive means of deploying capital, particularly in the absence of any compelling alternative. Our plan for 2016 is to repurchase $1.4 billion of our shares and we anticipate concentrating the majority in the first half of the year. As we indicated last quarter, 2015 was the 33rd consecutive year in which we've increased the cash dividend. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate generally in line with the increases in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of foreign currency translation. I'll conclude by reiterating how proud I am of our teams in both the United States and in Japan as they've worked hard to generate our 2015 results. You know I've been in the business for more than 40 years now, and I'm truly excited today more than I've ever been about Aflac's future. So now, let me turn the program over to Fred for financial results and outlook. Fred?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Dan. You've all had a chance to review the details in our earnings release. As Dan noted in his comments, our fourth quarter and full year results exceeded the high end of our earnings guidance driven by strong overall margins in both the U.S. and Japan. The only notable item to call out in the quarter was a favorable adjustment to certain retirement benefit liabilities as a result of refining our assumptions. These adjustments impacted our parent company-only results and contributed approximately $13 million pre-tax or $0.02 per share to the quarter's earnings. Our Japan segment margins came in strong, driven by continued favorable benefit ratios. We had a few adjustments to reserves in the quarter, a result of our year-end actuarial work. These adjustments were largely offsetting and on a net basis contributed modestly to the out-performance in the period. Our expense ratio came in favorable to our expectations as we are balancing investment with continued focus on expense management. We would expect both our benefit and expense ratios to normalize within our outlook call guidance range as we move into 2016. In the U.S., benefit ratios were considerably better than last year's quarter, but fairly consistent with our strong performance throughout 2015 and at the favorable end of our outlook call guidance range. As with Japan, our quarterly and year-end actuarial work resulted in certain reserve adjustments that were largely offsetting. Our expense ratio in the U.S. was elevated in the quarter. This is not unusual in the fourth quarter and roughly in line with last year's quarter and in part reflects the conscious decision to accelerate certain investments in our platform. Turning to investments, throughout 2015, we were successful in defending net investment income, recognizing that as higher yielding securities mature, we are investing new money into a low rate environment and need to proceed with caution given market volatility. As we noted during our outlook call, this dynamic represents a natural headwind to investment income in 2016. We continue our efforts to build a position in diversified asset classes, helping to support higher, long-term returns. Our capital and liquidity position remains strong. As is typically the case, we have only estimates on SMR and RBC at this time, but expect both to remain strong and consistent with recent periods. Between dividends and repurchase, we returned just over $400 million to our shareholders in the quarter and achieved our guidance of $1.3 billion in repurchase for the year. Before I turn the call back over to Robin for Q&A, I'd like to comment on recent market volatility, the relevant strength of our financial position and our outlook. The month of January has certainly been extraordinary with the return of credit and equity market volatility, a continuation of the low rate environments in the U.S. and Japan and a concern over energy and commodity prices and related exposures. In the case of Aflac, recent Bank of Japan actions draw renewed focus on Japan rates and the yen. I think the following considerations are important and support the investment thesis that Aflac is well positioned to perform in the face of market volatility. First, our core franchise in Japan and the U.S. supplemental health markets remain strong with natural demographic and economic catalysts driving core underwriting margins and favorable trends. These core franchise growth and earnings drivers are largely unaffected by recent market volatility. Second, as with the rest of the industry, we are carefully monitoring interest rates. As Dan mentioned in his comments and consistent with Paul's strategic outlook in December, the recent move in Japan rates simply reinforces our strategy to actively manage down the sale of lump sum first sector products, focusing on appropriately priced, level-premium product in support of our high-return, third sector business and our core agency distribution network. From a financial impact standpoint, we've concluded all of our year-end actuary work, including review and testing of core assumptions and maintain very strong margins across all material blocks of business and have very little liability and balance sheet risk associated with very low, for very long, interest rates. In terms of investment strategy, we are only in the beginning stages of building our growth asset portfolio, thus we have modest exposure to naturally volatile asset classes. In some cases, we now have an opportunity to enter these asset classes at better valuations. With historically low JGB yields, the success of the dollar program and expansion into new asset classes, we have naturally lightened our new money allocation to JGB's and that will continue into 2016. In addition, we pre-bought approximately 60% of our JGB budget prior to the BOJ easing announcement of late last week. In terms of the dollar program, we carefully watch our hedging costs, but have been proactive in modestly extending the duration of our hedge positions to reduce exposure to short-term spikes. While our long-term view is for hedging costs to rise, we remain comfortably within our tolerances and continue to drive significant value over and above JGB rates. Finally, in terms of credit exposure, like the rest of our peers, we're carefully monitoring our exposure to energy sector along with metals and mining. We have a $6.6 billion energy portfolio measured at book value that is well diversified and high-quality. Only 7% of the portfolio is below investment grade and effectively all in the BB category. As of the end of January, our below-investment-grade energy holdings were in an unrealized loss position of only $140 million. As we analyze security-by-security holdings, we do not see acute default risk, but do note that downgrade risk is present and pricing is under significant pressure on select names which could result in accounting-driven impairments as securities trade at deep discount for prolonged periods. In summary, core margins are expected to remain strong and largely resilient to market volatility. Balance sheet exposures to low-for-long rates in the U.S. and Japan are modest and our general account assets are defensively positioned with limited exposure to naturally volatile asset classes and we are well positioned in terms of our energy and energy-related exposures. We therefore have made no adjustments to our earnings per share guidance of $6.17 to $6.41 assuming an average exchange rate of roughly 121 yen to the dollar. And capital deployment guidance provided in our December outlook call remains the same. Based on our capital conditions, earnings and cash flow stability, we are maintaining our repurchase target for 2016 at $1.4 billion. Having repatriated additional excess capital in the fourth quarter, we are front-end loading approximately $1 billion of repurchase in the first half of the year. Our performance in the fourth quarter certainly bodes well for 2016, but it is obviously very early in the year and we will update accordingly. Thank you and I'll now hand the call back to Robin to begin Q&A. Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior VP-Investor & Rating Agency Relations: Thank you, Fred. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I wanted to mention that you will be receiving an e-mail soon regarding our May 25 Financial Analyst Briefing to be held in New York. And again, if you have questions, please give us a call on that. Now we're ready to take your questions. But first, let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to the initial question. We're now ready to take the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Randy Binner from FBR. You may ask your question.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hi, good morning. Thanks. I just wanted to pick up on Fred's closing comments there on the front loading of the buyback in 2016 that relied on a reinsurance transaction from last year and there were some questions about kind of the outlook for further reinsurance deals on the December call. And it sounded like you were actively looking at different blocks and the market was active there. So, I'd like to get an update on what that outlook looks like because if we're going to continue to have high levels of buyback kind of looking forward in 2017, it seems there needs to be another material reinsurance transaction at some time this year.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So first of all, Randy, just a couple comments. You're correct. So, we repatriated an additional 60 billion yen, as you know, in the fourth quarter, roughly US$500 million. That has built up a liquidity position at the holding company which we're now spending down in the form of front-end loading the repurchase of approximately $1 billion of our $1.4 billion target in 2016. You're also correct to note that over the past few years, we have benefited somewhat from elevated repatriation and cash flow related to these reinsurance transactions. I would note, however, that we've had a balanced approach to the use of proceeds, if you will, or freed up capital from reinsurance, roughly 40% or so dedicated to shoring up our SMR ratio and protecting the capital strength of our insurance franchise, the remaining 60% then repatriated only after being comfortable with our capital ratios. That is roughly the same type of approach that we would take going forward if we did, in fact, continue to entertain reinsurance transactions. Right now, we're out there with a long-range guidance of 2015 to 2017 of excess capital of $6.3 billion to $7.5 billion. We remain consistent in that number. The difference between $6.3 billion and $7.5 billion is tied up in excess capital, some of which is in Japan and could be unlocked via reinsurance. Our basic approach to that, Randy, is to be opportunistic and defensive, meaning if there are compelling opportunities to unlock and go through the exercise of unlocking that excess capital for redeployment at higher returns, we'll entertain that. We also don't want to be defensive. As we make our way through market volatility and watch things unfold over the next year or two, we want to be equally careful to recognize that excess capital needs to be held and in some cases to defend the balance sheet. So, it's a balanced approach. We don't have any reinsurance dialed into our estimates for 2016 as I mentioned on the outlook call, but we'll continue to watch markets unfold and look for opportunities.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So just a couple follow- ups; one is, can you just characterize how good the conversations are with reinsurers? I mean, broadly speaking, the global reinsurance market is overcapitalized, so I'd be interested then to see your characterization of how that's going. And then, I guess the capital absorption in a downside scenario, is that – are you thinking in like low – you're thinking further moves by the BOJ on Japanese interest rates? Is that the main shock you would be looking at, or are you thinking more on the credit side? What would that main concern be there?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, first part of your question, we continue to maintain healthy reinsurance relationships. And in fact, we've even got commitments, if you will, for unfunded reinsurance that allows us the flexibility to pull down reinsurance if necessary for either defensive or offensive moves. And that's largely a healthy approach because we're talking about health businesses and morbidity risk, which is an attractive type of risk to take in the capital markets these days by reinsurers. And because it's unaffected by capital market volatility, it tends to be something we can count on with reliability. So I'm not at all concerned about the nature of the discussions with reinsurers and our access to reinsurance. The issue is more whether or not it makes sense from a capital strength standpoint or an opportunity standpoint to entertain any of those transactions. And then in terms of the second part of your question, as I mentioned in my comments, we're very well positioned relative to low-for-long interest rates. And that is not my concern relative to balance sheet. It's an issue relative to watching our earnings trajectory going forward, as I've mentioned, but it's not a balance sheet issue as we have very little relative liabilities exposed to low-for-long rates. The bigger issue is whether or not we're entering into the early stages of a credit cycle and being careful about that. All eyes are on, of course, the energy market and commodities. But more broadly, we need to be careful about whether or not a mild or moderate credit cycle is in front of us. And so it's a good time to be careful. I think spreads have widened, which is usually a signal; downgrades are outpacing upgrades modestly right now, even beyond the energy sector. So, we have to be careful to watch that. But as I said, we're particularly well positioned. And we naturally have a defensive general account because we haven't been as aggressive as many in the industry in terms of entering into more volatile asset classes. We're just starting to begin that.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: That's great. Thanks a lot, Fred.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, wanted to ask about the hedge portfolio. Given we've got higher short-term U.S. rates and lower Japan rates, can you discuss the impact that's going to have on your hedge costs? You mentioned it will be going up, but by how much? Also provide some more details as to what's been done to mitigate those incremental costs. And also just discuss the logic behind putting the hedge cost below the line given that it's really an ongoing expense item.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: In terms of the hedge program, maybe I'll ask Eric to make some comments on kind of where we stand relative to the cost structure.
Eric M. Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP: Sure. Thanks, Nigel. Well, as everybody knows, we have been expecting hedge costs to go up and in fact, that's the case. About a year or so ago, they were running about 60 basis points, now they're running about 130 basis points to 140 basis points and that's including the actions by the BOJ the other day, which increased the hedge costs around 10 basis points to 15 basis points. Having said that, we were planning for hedge costs in 2016 to be upwards of 180 basis points, 190 basis points based on where our markets were back in the third quarter, meaning look at what the Fed was going to do for potential rate hikes, this new information from Japan. And even at that level of 180 basis points to 200 basis points, we still deem our portfolio to be very profitable versus buying a portfolio of JGBs, which is what we measure it against. And part of that is because new investments on the U.S. dollar program are going in at higher yields and higher spreads. We did take advantage through asset allocation of some of the dislocation in the high yield in the bank loan market, which get us higher yields, and we've continued to see JGB yields go down, so that creates a wider spread. But importantly, relative to the program, the fact is that monetary policy around the globe continues to be easy, i.e., the Bank of Japan. But the Federal Reserve is unlikely to raise four times unless there's really strong economic growth in the U.S. So when you look at things like forward curves, the 180 basis points to 200 basis points that we thought it was going to go to is unlikely to be realized this year. It most likely will continue to be lower. Nevertheless, we have programs and analysis that looks at this continually and the tools that we have are either find higher-yielding assets, and to Fred's point earlier, as we're starting to explore growth assets, those have higher yields and returns than fixed income, continue to modify the types of hedges we have. Again, Fred mentioned that we went through the duration of some of our hedges which has helped us to lock in some lower costs. So, those are the parameters we continued to look at to improve the performance of the program, but it's holding up much better than we would have expected and monetary policy is in our favor right now. And, Fred, maybe you want to talk about below the line.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think the decisions around reporting hedge costs below the line were largely predicated on the notion of these costs being highly sensitive to short-term interest rate fluctuations as you pointed out, Nigel, in your comment. So, that sort of mark-to-market, if you will, fluctuations in costs we felt was better depicted below the line. But most importantly, we are transparent in it and have created a line item around it because we realized that in this particular case, we're making a judgment call as to the definition of our operating earnings and you're now free to model it and track how those costs are moving. So that's fundamentally our position as to why we treat it below the line.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. So I just had a question on Japan sales. Just your reasoning for the expected decline in sales, I realize comps were tough in the first half of the year, but I would have assumed that you'd have an ongoing tailwind from greater production through the post office, especially from recently added branches. And also, I think you're adding new products later this year. So just discuss what you think will drive the weakness or the decline in sales in Japan and also maybe give a few more details on the new product initiatives in Japan later this year.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to let Paul take that. Paul?
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Jimmy, let me begin by saying that the 13.4% increase in sales last year creates your first hurdle. You're correct we're up against very difficult comparisons and that's going to persist throughout the year. We do believe that we'll have a strong year, but without a product launch of one of our major core products, that being a complete revitalization of either our cancer or medical plans, we are in a year where we're going to have what we consider to be more moderate product launches and therefore, we believe that the sales comparisons, especially against such a large year, will be difficult. We have some product launches, smaller in nature that we'll look forward in the first half of the year, and then as I mentioned on the outlook call, we'll be launching a completely new product line that we believe will enhance the second half of the year. That said, as is in the case in Japan, when you do things that are brand-new to the company, they tend to have a much slower adoption rate as well as a much slower rate of usage by different channels as we both negotiate with those channels as well as teach them the process for sales of that product. And so, we expect 2016 to be a year where we are enhancing our products and opening up new potential growth, but we expect the majority of that growth to happen beyond 2016. Unfortunately, I can't go into the specifics about the products themselves, but we feel very comfortable with our plan and our plan for 2017 and 2018 beyond that.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And Jimmy, I want to add one thing. This time last year, where we thought we would be in 2016 is actually going to be there or even a little higher because if you combine the 13% last year, and then the down this year, the combined is still higher than where we thought it would be. We just happen to being able to have enrolled and penetrated the market for Japan Post even faster than we thought we would, and so I think that's part of the reason.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just a follow-up on the previous question on hedging costs and, Fred, your answer makes sense. But I was just wondering how do you – your hedging costs most recent quarter, I think, were around 8% of your earnings. So how do you think about hedging costs in the context of your earnings power and your ROE as you look at results internally?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, the hedging costs obviously factor into what we would call the net yield on our dollar program as compared to investing in other alternatives, JGBs and the like. So those hedging costs factor into our thinking about the relative attractiveness of the dollar program. It also can factor into how much of the dollar investment program we want to leave unhedged at times based on our view of the market. So, it factors into the investment strategy predominantly. I would also add that those hedging costs also play into even our actuarial testing work, and so we also embed, for example, hedge costs including the rising hedge costs into our long-term cash flow testing and gross premium valuation work. And as I mentioned earlier, we're quite comfortable in terms of margins. So, it does play in. But I think the way we look at it, Jimmy, is more from a net yield perspective. It is really sort of an NII-driven view of those costs as opposed to maybe a conventional operating cost.
Eric M. Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP: I might just add, you'll recollect at the last FAB, I put up a chart where we actually showed you the, to Fred's point, the gross performance of the program and the net performance of the program taking out the hedge costs as well as any opportunity costs from settlements, versus a portfolio of JGBs because remember our assets on behalf of Aflac Japan, the liabilities are in yen. So, that's our natural benchmark, and that program has been very, very profitable versus JGBs since inception. And we monitor that on a year-to-date basis, inception to-date basis, a monthly basis to continue to make those relative value decisions between dollars to the dollar program or investing in some other asset classes.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, I think that makes sense that you are – it's overall beneficial to invest more in dollars and hedges than just buying JGBs. The only point I was trying to make is that it seems like, if that is going to be the case going forward, your operating ROE and operating earnings would overstate the economics of the business to some extent, but that was the point I was trying to make. But thank you for your answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Weiss from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thank you. Fred, just curious if you could comment a little bit more on U.S. expenses. You mentioned investments and infrastructure. You had mentioned this on the December outlook call. Just curious if any of this is front loading of some of those investments you were planning on making in 2016, and if this at all changes the expense guidance you gave for the U.S. for this coming year?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Seth, just a couple comments. I would not over-read accelerated investment into the expense ratio in the fourth quarter, that there was some acceleration of expenses into the fourth quarter. But as my comments and my prepared remarks, we would expect our expense ratio in 2016 to fall back down within the guidance range that we provided for the year. You had a couple things going on expense-wise. You had some acceleration of expenses. You had some miscellaneous items running through the expense line, which will happen from quarter-to-quarter. It didn't naturally fluctuate. One other item I would note is that we did have a bit more DAC amortization in the quarter. And in fact we believe this relates also to a modestly improved benefit ratio in the period, and that while lapse rates were not unusually outside our expectation, what lapsed in terms of the mix of business that lapsed, tended to be policies that were carrying higher reserves and higher DAC balances. As a result, it tended to push up a better benefit ratio, if you will, or improve our benefit ratio, I should say, and pushed up our expense ratio a little bit. Estimates, in and around 100 basis points, but I would certainly say approximately, just to give you an idea. So, on the expense side, we would expect to settle back down into our guidance. I do think you should expect what has been a natural seasonal pattern here at the company that we tend to move through the year well within the ranges, but it's not uncommon for us to see a little bit of an elevated expense ratio in the fourth quarter.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everybody, and thanks for taking my questions. First, I want to go back to the BOJ action, and I think we talked about the investment impact. But can we also talk about the potential sales impact? I would think that not only could it impact first sector sales in Japan, but maybe it could also influence competitive pressures in third sector sales as maybe reserve rates come down and competition gravitates into the third sector products? So, we'd just like to hear your view on that.
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Yeah, be glad, this is Paul, be glad to talk about that. When we think about first sector products, as we've mentioned in the past, we really divide it into two categories. First is a lump sum product, second area is more of the level-premium products. With those lump sum products, we believe that especially given the low interest rate environment, it is not in our best interest to focus on those products. And as a result, we've put strong pressure on those sales. We've put caps in place and we believe that the lump sum will be down as much as 50% or more in 2016. As it relates to our level-premium products, however, we believe those still are a strong enhancement to our portfolio primarily because of the cross sale that we're getting with our traditional third sector products with cancer and medical, and those products continue to be an overall positive for us. We believe that the sales of those will remain relatively flat for the foreseeable future. In terms of the BOJ impact to our third sector products, as this point, we don't expect it to have a significant impact. The level of overall competition in third sector products, especially in medical, remains high, but we don't expect there to be any short-term impact to expedite or make that much faster. Hope that answers it.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: It does, thank you. And then, my follow-up question is on the Japanese incurred claims ratio, which was, I think, the lowest I've seen in many years. And was hoping to get a little more color on what drove that abnormally low number.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's really predominantly just a continuation of favorable results. As you know, we have been traveling in and around that benefit ratio in Japan of just 60% to 61% for a while here, and so the fourth quarter was modestly favorable. I would say outside of just trends continue to be generally favorable. I mentioned in my comments that we did have some actuarial adjustments in the period, which are quite normal, frankly, every quarter, but also included some year-end adjustments. On a net basis, that contributed a bit to the positive out-performance. We didn't spike it out in dollar terms or basis point terms because some of these adjustments are quite normal each quarter. But we did benefit a little bit from actuarial adjustments on a net basis. As a result, I would expect that you should see our benefit ratios in Japan fall back into line with the benefit ratio guidance for 2016 we provided.
Yaron J. Kinar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Erik Bass from Citigroup. You may ask your question.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Just one follow-up on Japan sales. I think the fourth quarter was the highest quarter for cancer sales in 2015. So can you just provide more details on what drove production this quarter? I guess there's a potential that sales could hold up better than implied in guidance in 2016.
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Well, I believe that the execution of our cancer sales was really about the leader of our sales force, Koji Ariyoshi, who is here on the call, continuing to guide our sales force in our different channels to continue to sell our product, because of the launch of that product a little over year ago, a year and a quarter ago, has continued to maintain strong momentum. I get the competition, and overall there's a high demand both in our traditional channels as well as through Japan Post. And so I believe that is a potential positive that we will see continuation; however, the difficult comparisons that you come up against throughout this year do make us believe that there will be a downward trend in the overall sales, but we do believe that the product remains highly demanded and is still the best product in the market today.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. And then if I could just ask one on the U.S., can you just talk about where you're seeing the most traction from a sales perspective, and where are the biggest opportunities where you remain underpenetrated?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Well, certainly, the broker – this is Teresa. Certainly, the broker market, it continues to be a market where we have not seen the penetration that we'd like to see, but we are going in the right direction there. The individual, less than 100 case market as well continues to be a great opportunity for Aflac. It's pretty much our bread and butter and we continue to work in that market. But I think that the market growth is in the broker market and that's really how we are developing our strategies and plans.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Is there any way to quantify sort of penetration levels in the broker channel at this point?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: At this point, what we're doing is we're looking at the current brokers that we have and we're driving penetration with those brokers. We've seen a 27% increase in our top 100 brokers, but right now, I don't have specifics that I can give you as it relates to penetration. Once we gain a little bit more knowledge as to how we want to report that, we'll start reporting in our FAB, in the booklets.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me just say one thing about sales and that is that if you go back in the past, there was a real conflict between the brokers and our individual agents. And we probably are the – of all the companies out there, with that strong distribution network we've got, they're very important and you can't just forget them. And the thing I liked about sales in 2015 is, we were able to keep our sales numbers for our core agents continue to grow. We had them concentrate more on less-than-100, and we were up about 3%, I think, or 2.5%...
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Actually, it's 5.3% in the less-than-99.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A 5.3% increase in the less-than-99 sales and then overall, our individual agents were up about 2.5%. And then our brokers were up – the difference is broker isn't (45:15) bigger number as of yet. But being able to manipulate or maneuver I should say, is that maneuver in that space to where we can keep our agents happy and the brokers happy has been our challenge. But we are accomplishing that. And it's slow and tedious because they were competitors at one time. Even though they weren't direct competitors, our agents were always calling on these big accounts even though they weren't landing them, and the brokers didn't like that. Now they're working together as a team and I think with time there's enormous potential for that market to continue to grow.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Excuse me. Good morning, everybody. I guess the question I have for you is can we think a little bit more about the composition of the $497 million of sales that were generated in the U.S. in the fourth quarter? Can you put some color as to how much of that came from the broker channel versus the agent channel? And if you have some sense for what the margin would look like for the broker sold business versus the more traditional sold business?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The profitability.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So on the profitability what I would say, John, is we have not really broken out at this point in time, sort of segmented profitability metrics on group versus individual, broker sold versus agent sold. So I'm not in a position to bust that out for you. What I would tell you is that we certainly priced the product with the notion of meeting our return expectations and obviously, more than and comfortably covering our cost of capital. So the returns are good in our view and priced appropriately. I think we're right in line with competitive pricing in the marketplace. I don't view ourselves as being priced to drive business growth. I think we're doing it the old-fashioned way. What I would say is because we're in such a growth mode on the group side, we're obviously investing heavier in the group platform to absorb that growth and build for further growth. So because it's been a relatively recent pick up in broker group sales, we are heavily investing in that ways down on a reported, if you will, returns, but over long term, we would expect to achieve returns that are commensurate with what we've achieved individually.
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: And I'll just mention one thing, one of the things that I'd like to make sure that we don't assume is that all brokers write group products. 60% of broker sales were individually written product, is our core individually written product. So just wanted to make that comment.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And let me make one other comment about that. The reason it's skewed that way is not the major brokers. There's two forms of brokers, there's in Columbus a small regional broker that maybe I do buy my property-casualty insurance business from and then there is these massive enormous brokers. And the regional brokers perform more like our sales agents to some degree. And the big brokers, of course, are writing the big accounts and do it totally different. So that's why this skew is more towards 60%, 70%.
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: That's correct.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And I guess I'm trying to understand the seasonality, right? Because you've said for some time that fourth quarter will now be – or you expect it, anyway, to be the largest production quarter. I guess that has to really mean that we're looking at a much bigger proportion that is broker-sold, whether that's small regional types or the more national players. So as you think about that $497 million, how much of that would you say was broker sold? Is it 75%? Is it 50%? Is it something much bigger?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: So, when we look at the skewing of business through the fourth quarter, what we saw is that from a traditional side, we did see a small list, and I think that that was primarily based on the Affordable Care Act and the dates that enrollments needed to be in place for the Affordable Care Act, because remember they deal with small case brokers as well. But we did see a large skew of volume, especially group, as Dan said, the larger brokerage houses basically will do group product. So from a group perspective, we saw 50% of the group business come in the fourth quarter, but 40% came in December. So we saw a huge shift of business, which had not been a shift that we'd had before from an Aflac perspective.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Our Risk Officer and Chief Actuary just said that 40% of our business in the fourth quarter came from broker; is that correct? Okay. That's your answer.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): That's helpful. Thank you. And if I could ask one quick follow-up on the hedged portfolio. I think Eric had mentioned that the cost is running at about 130 basis points to 140 basis points and that's post (51:17). Can you just remind us how big the U.S. dollar portfolio is at this point that we should apply that cost against?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. The total dollar program is about $21 billion, but the hedges are on about $14 billion to $15 billion of that portfolio. Robin can follow-up with the very specific numbers, but that's approximately right because some of that portfolio we do leave unhedged. It's a hedge against our equity in the branch and about $14 billion-plus is hedged.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you very much.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One last thing you might want to know. I just got this number from them. It's 33 (51:54) for the year for broker and it's 40 (51:57) for the fourth quarter. So you can figure it's 30 (51:59) for the first three quarters and 40 (52:03) for the fourth quarter.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Kovac from Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. I'm wondering, in the U.S. can you dive in a little bit deeper into some of the underlying drivers of the lower benefit ratio, 2015 versus 2014? And then more specifically the even lower benefit ratio in the fourth quarter?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. A couple of things. One is really just favorable claims experience in general. And so that has been the case for a while. While I think that aspect of it is stabilizing, it's been favorable and remains favorable. The other dynamic that I mentioned is that, in this particular quarter, we also had lapse rates played in, meaning not so much how much lapsed, but the nature of the product that lapsed in the period. The product tended to carry, on average, higher reserves, and so there was a greater release of reserves, if you will, related to the lapsation. This also, as I mentioned, played into accelerated DAC amortization and weighed on the expense ratio. As we look at the year-over-year trend, as I mentioned earlier, we would approximate the impact of that dynamic to be in and around 100 basis points related to benefit ratio improvements. Again, that's based on the actuarial information we have and analyzing the nature of products that lapsed. So I think that mix of business in lapsation that will go on from quarter-to-quarter. This is not an unusual quarter. The mix of business will be different from time to time. We'll monitor it going forward, but right now, we hold to the benefit ratio guidance that we've provided on the U.S.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Makes sense. And then looking at recruiting in the U.S., it looked like not only was sales growth fairly strong in the fourth quarter, but we also saw some signs of agent recruiting picking up. Can you discuss some of the drivers there in terms of maybe the broader economy or maybe some more Aflac-specific comments?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: I think the driver, quite frankly, is the compensation. We basically are paying for performance with regard to U.S. and part of the compensation drive is the recruiting fees. We are seeing that recruiting in many of our markets have been a struggle in the past, but has not been as much of a struggle right now and it's because, quite frankly, we focused on recruiting.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates. You may ask your question.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Just one more follow-up on group sales in the U.S. Teresa, would you happen to know how much the group sales were up year-over-year in the fourth quarter? Maybe that would give us a sense of what's going on with the alphabet houses.
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Just a second. Let me make sure I get that number from my actuary (55:20). 32% increase in the fourth quarter for group sales.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. On the group sales. And then you said the 20%, so and just to be clear, you mentioned the 27% number. That's total broker sales up or the top 100 broker sales up?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: That is the top 100 broker sales. Absolutely.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. So first question just as a follow-up on these hedging costs, just to make sure I get what the punch line is here. So if we run the 130 basis points, 140 basis point hedge cost assumption through the 2016 P&L, assuming things remain roughly where they are today. Fred, the after-tax difference between operating and net income would be about $200 million. Is that directionally about right, meaning net income would be about $200 million lower than operating?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Boy, Tom, I'd be reluctant to kind of opine to a number at this point in time. I'd have to look at it, to be candid. So we'll take a look at it and maybe take that type of analysis offline. It strikes me that you're trying to reconcile a model to get to the right number to think about and maybe we can work on that internally.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. But conceptually, there's going to be that 140 basis points would be applied to the total portfolio, I believe, because you're going to have to roll the whole hedge program. It's not just the new money that's being invested, right? It's the total dollar portfolio where you're rolling the hedges, is that conceptually the way to think about it?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, the reason I'm hesitating is you've got a portfolio of maturities related to those hedge instruments that range in tenure from short to longer as in 3 months to 18 months. We've been stringing it out, as I mentioned in my comments, which shelters us against sharp swings, if you will, in hedge costs in any given year. So I want to think about that (57:54).
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would add two comments, Tom. First, just to give some specific numbers to the question earlier, the dollar program in total is $21.6 billion. Of that, $14.2 billion is hedged. But it's also relevant to your question that ties into part to Fred's answer. Remember what I said earlier, we now have a portfolio of hedge instruments of different types and we stratify the maturities of those. So when I say hedge costs are 130 basis points to 140 basis points, those are current annualized hedge costs. Our realized hedge costs will most likely over time be lower than the annualized. So to Fred's point to answer your question specifically requires a little bit of putting it down on paper. But also not all of our hedges are forwards. So those hedge costs pertain to forward contracts. Predominantly, we are in forwards, but we do use collar instruments as well. And collars could have a settlement, but that will be more dependent on the level of the yen where it settles versus how we strike the collars and currently, we have about $1.2 billion or so of collars and the rest are forwards. So it's a little bit more complex to answer your question. But I would say this for today, your $200 million number is overstating it.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So from a full year standpoint it would come in would you say meaningfully lower than the $200 million?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It depends on the definition of meaningfully. But I suspect it's a number that's lower than $175 million off the top today.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): (59:33).
Kriss Cloninger III - President: This is Kriss Cloninger. I haven't said anything, but I want to help put this in perspective. We wouldn't have $14 billion of dollar investments if they weren't hedged. And I don't think it's appropriate to say what the hedge costs are without looking at what the additional net investment income associated with the underlying dollar investments are relative to the yen investments. So taking it – I think conceptually you're probably correct in applying 140 basis points to $14 billion and saying, yeah, that's the annualized hedge costs. But keep in mind we wouldn't have $14 billion of unhedged dollar investments unless we had this hedge program. So I think you've got to consider the net investment income differential between dollar investments and yen investments when you're talking about an economic evaluation of the deal.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would just, Tom, we were able to do some quick math here. Assuming 130 basis points to 140 basis points, which I think on realized for this year will be lower than that. On an after-tax basis, we are probably looking at about $110 million. And that's probably on the high side because I think our realized hedge costs this year will be lower than the annualized cost where it is now.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks, guys. That's helpful.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior VP-Investor & Rating Agency Relations: Thank you. We have reached 10 o'clock. So I would like to thank everybody for joining us. And if you have any further questions, you can contact us in Investor Relations. And again, I would remind you about our Analyst Meeting coming up in May, and we hope to see you all then. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations Hiroshi Yamauchi - President & Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan Co., Ltd. Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S. Kriss Cloninger III - President
Analysts: Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter call. Joining me this morning in the U.S. is Dan Amos, our Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Inc.; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S. and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also from Tokyo joining us is Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan. Now before we start, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ martially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin with some comments about the quarter, as well as our operations in both the U.S. and Japan. Following Dan's comments, Fred will follow up with some brief comments about our financial performance for the quarter. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Robin, and good morning. And thank you for joining us. Let me begin with an update of Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. I'm extremely pleased that sales of the third sector products were up an astonishing 34.5% for the third quarter and 27.1% year-to-date. Aflac Japan generated strong sales results from all of our sales channels, which confirms that we focused on the right facets of our business. We also continue to work closely with Japan Post to enhance our partnership as demonstrated by the recently announced initiative to foster enhanced communications with the growing elderly population in Japan. Our goal is to have a presence where consumers want to make their insurance purchase decisions and our quarterly and year-to-date results reflect our success in broadening our reach and our sales opportunities. I want to remind you that Aflac Japan's 2014 fourth quarter sales of third sector products were up 28.5%, thus making this year's fourth quarter a tough comparison. However given the very strong sales results in the first nine months and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are upwardly revising our sales growth target for the third sector products from the range of 7% to 10% to 10% to 13% for the full year. Now, let me turn to the U.S. operations. From a financial perspective, Aflac U.S. also performed very well in the quarter. Additionally we have continued to receive phenomenal feedback from our distribution channels, our policyholders, and accounts on One Day Pay, our industry leading claims initiative. One Day Pay allows us to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. In particular, we're hearing from policyholders and consumers that our commitment to paying claims fast through One Day Pay underscores Aflac's integrity and commitment delivering on our promise. Thus enhancing our brand reputation and ultimately opening even more doors for Aflac. We continue to estimate that 70% of our policyholders can use One Day Pay for their claims. In 2015 we expect the number of claims processed within the One Day Pay will reach over 2 million people. Along with the strong brand and relevant products, I believe One Day Pay will continue to drive home the value of Aflac's products and most importantly, it will help our sales long term. Although our U.S. segments generated a slight increase in sales, I believe 2015 has been a year of building our business through our career and broker channels. Taking into account our results for the first nine months and our expectations for sales for the quarter, we anticipate Aflac U.S. will generate sales growth at the lower end of the 3% to 7% range for the year. While it's been a year of building, I am not satisfied with these results. In fact, I won't be satisfied until we see our sales growth more in the range of the mid-single digits, which I believe is reasonable and achievable. It is very difficult for us to make sales projections for the quarter or even for the year because around half of our sales will come in the last five weeks of the year. But I can tell you that the changes we've made to our management infrastructure over the last year are laying the groundwork for better, long-term sales prospects. And we continue to invest in our platform to position us for growth. As we look to 2016, I think the groundwork we laid in 2015 has put us in a better position for 2016. Shortly, Fred will comment on the financial and capital deployment, but let me just say that I am pleased with the actions by the board of directors to increase the quarterly cash dividend by 5.1%. This marks the 33rd consecutive year of increasing cash dividend. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate generally in line with the increase in the operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of foreign currency translation. Let me leave you with this thought; you've already heard me say that my job is to balance the interest of all stakeholders. I think we did a good job of that this year just as we have in the past. And I believe that we're going to do it again next year by delivering on our promise to our policyholders and returning significant capital to our owners. Now, I'll turn it over to Fred. Fred?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Dan. You've all had a chance to review our earnings release. I'll focus my brief comments on a few earnings items worthy of note in the quarter, adding color on key earnings drivers, capital conditions and deployment as we enter the fourth quarter. Our third quarter results came in at the high end of our earnings guidance. Along with solid overall results, there are two earnings items that contributed to our better-than-expected performance. The first item was in Japan where we continue to see overall favorable claims trends. While we review our IBNR every quarter, we take a more comprehensive annual look at trends and claims studies in the third and fourth quarter. Reflecting on our favorable claims experience this year and as a result of this review, we concluded it was appropriate to reduce the IBNR reserves for our cancer insurance block of business by approximately ¥4.2 billion or roughly $35 million before taxes. We have not completed our yearend actuarial reviews, but at this point we do not see or anticipate any material fourth quarter adjustments. The second driver was in our U.S. business where we have been steadily improving our customer billing and collection procedures. These improvements have resulted in better collection experience and allowed us to refine our uncollected premium allowance estimate. The catch-up portion of this adjustment helped improve our rate of earned premium growth in the quarter and contributed approximately $8 million to pre-tax earnings. While these items contributed approximately $0.06 to $0.07 per share to the quarter's results, overall our Japan and U.S. operations enjoyed solid margins with adjusted benefit ratios favorable to our expectations and as compared with last year's quarter. As we expected, expense ratios were modestly elevated as we continue to invest in our platforms to generate growth, namely IT and new product introduction in Japan and our distribution model in the U.S. Turning to investments, while we have been successful in defending net investment income, the overall low-rate environment remains a clear headwind and shows no signs of abating. We have natural maturities and higher coupon investments that are running off with proceeds reinvested at lower yields. We continue our efforts to build a position in diversified asset classes, helping to support higher returns compared to low yields in Japan and the U.S. We took a larger-than-normal impairment in the quarter involving our investment in Navient Corp. Navient is a publicly traded student loan administrator formerly part of Sallie Mae. While we don't believe there are any near-term risk of default, the majority of these holdings are long-dated and yen denominated with poor liquidity. As a result these holdings trade at a deep discount. At roughly $0.50 on the dollar we felt it prudent to take impairment. Note that the majority of these securities are held in our Japan portfolio and are rated below investment grade. As a result any decline in value has been reflected for Japan SMR purposes for several quarters. The impairment has no material impact on our overall capital position and deployment plans. Turning to capital, we expect SMR and RBC ratios to remain strong. Between dividends and repurchase, we returned just over $400 million to our shareholders in the quarter and expect to fulfill our guidance of $1.3 billion in repurchases for the year. Our dividend increase is in line with our expectation for full year 2015 operating earnings per share growth, excluding the impact of currency. I would note that despite continuing weakness in the yen, our excess capital position and stable view of capital generation supports the increase. Before I turn the call back over to Rob and for Q&A, I'd like to comment on our earnings guidance. Our fourth quarter guidance simply solves for our full year 2015 EPS guidance range of $5.96 a share to $6.16 a share given our year-to-date results. As we look to the fourth quarter and proceed through our financial planning process, we see the following dynamics influencing our performance. Recognizing the effect of our past reinsurance transactions in Japan, we see earned premium in Japan and the U.S. increasing in the low single-digit range with stable persistency. We see core Japan and U.S. benefit ratios holding strong around current levels after normalizing for the Japan IBNR reduction in the quarter. The maturity of high yielding investments reinvested at lower new money rates will continue to pressure net investment income, although modestly offset by a strategic asset allocation and recognizing a bias towards higher quality. The growth we are experiencing in Japan required disciplined investment in customer care, product, and distribution expansion. We see the same dynamic evolving in the U.S. in order to drive more robust growth rates. Our strong capital position and deployment efforts will continue to provide support for EPS growth. Our capital generation is strong and we continue to explore the potential to release additional excess capital. Absent attractive alternatives, we expect to drive long-term value in repurchasing our stock. These dynamics are generally consistent with our performance in 2015. We look forward to providing more details on our December third outlook call. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call back to Robin to begin Q&A.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Thank you, Fred. Now we're ready to take your questions. But first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow up that relates to that initial question. All right, we're now ready to take the first question please.
Operator: Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. First, I just had a question on your relationship with the Japan Post and how do you think it will be affected by the IPO like, do you expect them to be a little bit more proactive in selling Aflac's policies? And what's the risk that down the road as the Post looks to maximize its profits that they could try to get more commissions out of the companies that they sell products for, or maybe do away with exclusive distribution relationships. So just if you could address how the relationship with the Post could change post the IPO.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Paul?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: This is Paul. First of all, we see our overall relationship with Japan Post continuing to be very strong. I'll ask Yamauchi-san to weigh in on the recent announcement of the two different points that are very different between the United States and Japan of that partnership. But overall, I do believe that our partnership through the IPO is something that has been very consistent. They are very proud of the work that has happened in the partnership between Aflac and Japan Post and we have no reason to believe that there will be any pressuring on margins or change in commissions. I think at this point, we are focused highly on continuing to grow the distribution through the now fully expanded 20,000 post offices and we continue to focus on executing through the new cancer plan that both – was specifically developed for Japan Post as well as the regular product that they're also selling.
Hiroshi Yamauchi - President & Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan Co., Ltd.: Thank you, Paul. Well, let me add a few comments in Japanese. [Foreign Language] (15:00-15:10). Well, in terms of the business alliance of JP that he just referred to, this may be something very specific to Japan. As you know, Japan is an aging society. [Foreign Language] (15:20-15:22). And the families are becoming more nuclearized. [Foreign Language] (15:25-15:37). So what the FSA or the society overall is really demanding for an insurance company is that we really need to check up on whether the policyholders, these older policyholders are still alive or not. [Foreign Language] (15:51-16:04). And since, as you know, Japan Post has its mail delivery network across Japan, what we like to do is to use their network to check up on our policyholders. [Foreign Language] (16:15-16:30). And if we try to do everything on our own within Aflac, it is going to require a lot of work. However with the cooperation with JP, we will be able to achieve the same purpose in a relatively easier manner. [Foreign Language] (16:44-16:52). And one other point, this is probably more specific to Japan as well, is that any notice that needs to be sent from an insurance company to policyholder has to be done by mail. [Foreign Language] (17:03-17:12). However, when the policyholder changes their addresses, we will not know the new address until our policyholders tells us so. [Foreign Language] (17:22-17:38). So in overall it will lead to increasing the services to our customers because the JP, the post offices will know that our customers' address has changed because they are delivering the postal mails to them and that will make it easier for us to know where the policyholders are. [Foreign Language] (17: 56-18:11). We do believe this is a great alliance because we are using the strength and what the JP does best in their way and we are making leverage out of what JP is doing and that will also benefit us and serve our policyholders as well. That is it from me.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me say, Jimmy, you can tell Yamauchi is very encouraged about this new announcement with the elderly, but the answer to your question is just simply, it's going as well or better than we expected and we see nothing but good things ahead in the future.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. And they've been through their IPO process. I think they have been talking up the potential opportunity to sell more products for companies such as yours. I was just concerned about the long-term risk if they try to, given their distribution breadth, maybe go after the underwriters and ask them for more commissions or try to open up the distribution to additional underwriters. But I guess we'll see how that evolves over time.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, at this particular point, we are very happy with the arrangements and they are too.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And maybe if I could ask just one more. On U.S. sales, given your results, I was a little surprised that you didn't actually end up lowering your guidance. So to what extent do you see that goal as achievable for this year versus it being somewhat of a stretch?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: This is Teresa. From a U.S. perspective, we have a lot of moving parts going on. As Dan said in his talk, we are rebuilding that distribution and restructuring. We feel good about some things that we are seeing. We have looked at all of the markets. We're assessing market book of business, how they're managing those markets, training programs, recruiting practices and we're driving consistency and collaboration across the broker and career channels. So we feel good about what we're doing. It's taken a little bit longer for us to get there, longer obviously than we would like. But we are seeing more markets that are achieving the 5% increase in year-over-year sales. There's been a tremendous amount of change in the way our business is coming in. And I think Dan spoke a little bit about that. We know that we're going to get a tremendous amount of business in the fourth quarter and I think we've been saying that from the beginning. So we're reviewing a lot of our modeling to project that. So we feel pretty good about the low end of the range and we see a lot of activities within the markets that look positive to us at this point.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Jimmy, we've got to have an 8% increase in the fourth quarter. The real change here is the way this broker business comes in, it all now comes in, in the fourth quarter. And it makes me nervous and Teresa and everybody else nervous, will it come through. And we've got a pipeline that we know what's out there and we know there's more business out in the pipeline this year than in previous years, because this really started a year ago as you saw we were up 14% in the fourth quarter of last year. So we're not sure how good that pipeline is, but our gut tells us that it should be and that we're expecting a good fourth quarter, but we'll have to monitor it and see. And as I said in the call, the last five weeks of the fourth quarter will bring in as much business, or close to as much as – probably 45/55 as it did in the first eight weeks. So we won't know till the end of the quarter. But we do like what we're seeing in the pipeline from a broker perspective and what will take place. And then also, our 100 or less that we're writing in our Columbus, in career, is really working well and Teresa is doing a good job in that area and I'm very pleased with that.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speaker. Our next question is from Jay Gelb from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much. With regard to the Japan margin, I believe it was mentioned that we should expect the margin to stay mostly unchanged and excluding the benefit that we saw in 3Q from the reserve release. Can you walk us through that a bit more?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks Jay. This is Fred. So where my comments were coming from, first, the adjustment in the quarter, let's make sure we understand that. So this was an adjustment to IBNR reserves related to our cancer business in Japan. And more specifically it was related to a subset of our IBNR that relates to what we characterize as tail related claims. So these would be longer duration claims or estimate of claims emerging typically longer than three years out. It's a relatively small portion of the total IBNR that we hold for cancer, but it's one that periodically, as in at least once a year, we do a more thorough examination of and test based on the trends we've been seeing in recent years. And so as you can see, our trends have been very good on the overall claims front. And so when we put these reserves, these particular tail reserves under review, we comfortably determine that there was margin in those reserves and we should take them down. So that's the ¥4.2 billion reduction that I referenced. And then I'm asking you to pull out, if you will, to think about the benefit ratios going forward. So my comments on the stability of benefit ratios is to first recognize that we have multiple businesses as you know in Japan, that have different benefit ratios and different benefit ratio and claims trends. But overall, when we pile them altogether and look at the overall Japan benefit ratio dynamic, we expect stability, but stability in third sector, particularly as you pull out that IBNR on the cancer side.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I appreciate that. The fourth quarter guidance seemed to show roughly the same trend as those in 3Q from an earnings power basis, even including that $0.06 to $0.07 you called out. Do you expect any one-timers in 4Q? Or is the run rate of earnings power just getting better as we continue through the year?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, I think, first of all, we have a relatively wide margin, EPS margin, for the fourth quarter, and that's really the result of two things: one somewhat solving for the full year guidance range, which creates a larger fourth quarter range. The second is, of course, we have a range naturally based on our assumption for what the yen may do. We think in terms of the range being dictated by yen between ¥120 and ¥125. So that creates a wider range. But part of the reason we wanted to walk you through a couple of the normalizing items in the quarter was so that you could really roll forward our results in a fairly consistent way. So, at the moment, our expectation is for stability in the key earnings drivers as we roll forward, and we would leave it at that. At this point in time, I don't know enough to know what I would characterize as one-timers. The only comment I made is that we do do more thorough actuarial reviews in the third and fourth quarter, and as we sit here today we don't see any material adjustments coming from those reviews, but it's still early in the process.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So the fourth quarter guidance range, obviously, it's reflective of the range in the yen, like you've talked about before, but it's essentially solving for the full year guidance range.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's right. That's right.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ...which hasn't changed. I got the sense that it had pointed higher, but I guess I was wrong on that. All right, thank you.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Jay, you need to look at last fourth quarter, too, and that will give you some sense of really where it's going.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, just to make a comment. So year-to-date we have grown – holding constant the yen, we've grown our operating earnings per share by about 2.9%. We've got guidance out there, full year guidance of 4% to 7%. Realize the fourth quarter last year, though, was a somewhat reduced earnings per share by virtue of accelerated expenses or accelerated spend. So it had a disproportionate weighing down on that EPS. So, again, my view is, as we sit here today, my comments were rolling forward and really consistency and stability in the earnings drivers as we sit here today and roll forward into the fourth quarter, and I don't see, at the moment, don't see any sharp moves, but again, it's very early in the quarter and I'm really talking specifically to the actuarial work, not so much other items that may appear naturally in a quarter.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Our next question is from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks and good morning. With Japan sales, the strength in third sector was certainly very encouraging, but the growth in first sector was perhaps a little surprising. Back at Investor Day you talked about those being down 25% to 40% and how you had very limited appetite for those products, given the very low-rate environment. But still seems like you're writing a fair amount of it. Sales this quarter were up 6%. So just hoping you can discuss what's going on there.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You know...
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Let me...
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Go ahead, Paul.
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Go ahead, Fred.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I'll just make a couple comments and then Paul can provide more of the strategic color on it. But, first, we monitor the sale of these products, first sector products very carefully, because the returns on those products can be very sensitive to the interest rate environment, as you point out, but also your investment strategy backing these products. And so even though the interest rate environment is very low, it's always possible that our investment strategies, and you've seen recently that, particularly in the third quarter, we've been able to descend our new money rates and put money to work at relatively attractive levels, albeit headwinds are definitely in the marketplace. And so they're very sensitive to that type of investment strategy. But more importantly, we've really made moves to really focus the type of product that we're selling to deemphasize lump-sum premium, or so called dump-in premium-type product and also product that is sold particularly in the bank channel where it's more of a spread-sheeted environment and a competitive landscape. Those things coupled with the interest rate and investment market could make for volatile returns or challenging returns, and so we want to deemphasize that. Where we're emphasizing is the longer pay products, which gives us more possibility of putting money to work at attractive levels. It also tends to attract more of a protection orientation versus investment orientation. And most importantly, it's being driven through the traditional channels, which support cross-sale activity. And again recognizing once you're into cross-sale activity, you're trying to look at the overall blended return on a household, which includes the returns on these products plus third sector products. So we're monitoring it very carefully. You're absolutely right, there was a rise in our sales, but it's largely coming through the traditional channel, largely coming through longer pay premium products and involving cross-sale. So, Paul, you can maybe expand or add?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: You nailed it.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's one reason our cancer sales are up so much in the traditional channel, too. It's not limited to just the Post. We've also seen a big movement in our traditional channel in terms of sales. So they're tied together.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Our next question is from Erik Bass from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Can you comment on how sales of the new medical product in Japan have compared to your expectations? I think typically we've seen with the new product introductions, there tends to be a little bit bigger jump in sales. So if you could just comment on how this feature has been received and how you would expect sales to ramp from here?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: This is Paul. The sales do meet our expectations. What we didn't expect, in all likelihood, was the continued success of our cancer plan. But Ariyoshi-san, who is the head of sales and marketing in Japan, directed our sales force to continue to push hard on the overall cancer sales, while also focusing, to some extent, on the medical sales. So within our range of expectations, we are happy with how it turned out. We do believe the medical product will continue to grow in its sales. But right now we're very happy with how long the cancer product has continued to sell at such strong increases.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. And then following up on your comments earlier about moving the sales guidance up for Japan third sector sales. Was that driven more by the strength that you've seen in year-to-date sales or are you now expecting fourth quarter sales to be stronger, hold up better than you had initially expected?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Well, I think we put out a 15% expectation for the first three quarters of the year, and we came in considerable higher than that, almost double that. And so it is in part driven by the success in the first half of the year and the 34.5% sales that we had in the third quarter. That said, we are also seeing somewhat better trends in the fourth quarter. We're mindful of where those are going so far, but we're happy and I think that the 10% to 13% is reflective of improvement on both.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, I can't remember. I've been around here a long time. I can't remember 12 months of a 28% increase in sales in Japan in a long, long time. And that's what we've got from October 1 through September 30 here. So we're just so proud of the job they're doing at Aflac Japan with that.
Erik J. Bass - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Our next question is from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Your line is now open.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I know you can't give any specific numbers on this, but in regards to the Japan Post, have you seen much of a sales contribution from the second 10,000 post offices at this point that were rolled out in July, or is that really all future benefit to come going forward?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: This is Paul. I very much appreciate what you're trying to get at, but just based on our partnership deal, we do not continue to give out those numbers. We did communicate to you at the FAB, Dan specifically talked about the fact that the first 10,000 post offices represented a much larger proportion of the potential sales than did the second 10,000 post offices. But what I can just tell you is right now we're very much in line with what we want to see in the Japan Post partnership and we're very happy with how things are progressing.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Understood. And then on the U.S. can you give some more color on the U.S. claim trends? I think generally they've been running somewhat favorably. But Fred, you commented that you believe that margins can be sustained there. Can you just comment a little on the underlying drivers there?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Essentially there's really nothing notable to speak to in the U.S. claims patterns. And I say that not to avoid the answer to the question, but we're just seeing decent stability there in claims. And overall, while there are pockets of up and down and pockets of persistency up and down, persistency has also been on overall hanging in there pretty well. So as has been the case at Aflac for many years, it's been a relatively stable platform from that perspective, benefit ratio and earnings drivers. It's been gradually favorable in recent years, but we see it as being a relatively stable outlook and nothing really notable in the patterns.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: One thing I would comment on, Ryan, just in this quarter to be mindful of from a math perspective, as I mentioned the premium collection – reduction in the allowance for uncollectable premium. Obviously realize that that pumps up the numerator, if you will. And so that helps benefit the – optically it benefits both your benefit ratio and your expense ratio because your premium is pumped up a little bit when you make that adjustment. So be mindful of that this quarter. There is actually a really, really slight amount of normalization that you'd want to do on benefit ratios, but it's actually not related to claims. It's related to just premium being up a little bit.
Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Fred.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Next question is from Humphrey Lee from Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning. Just want to follow up on the Japan sales outlook. So the third sector sales in your outlook is 10% to 13% sales growth. That, based on my math, that would imply the fourth quarter third sector sales would be somewhere between ¥19 billion to ¥21 billion. And I know you talked about the tough year-over-year comparison, but at the same time based on Paul's comment earlier, medical sales expect to grow further in the fourth quarter. So to me that suggests the cancer sales would be kind of more like a ¥10 billion to ¥12 billion range in the fourth quarter. That would be a decline from the third quarter level. Maybe a little bit comments on if my interpretation is correct, and maybe if you could elaborate a little bit more detail for the 10% to 13% expectation on a more broader level?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: As Dan said, the large fourth quarter we had last year was representative of the very strong launch to our new cancer plan. And so the previous three quarters this year have been going up against no cancer plan to previous year, and so we'll be going up again for the first time that strong cancer sales in the fourth quarter of last year. And so I think it is reflective of what we expect to be a progressive increase of the medical plan, while at the same time having to go up against the very strong numbers from the launch of the cancer plan in 2014.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. But still if we were to assume the medical sales were to stay flat that would imply cancer sales would decline sequentially. Any reason why that would be the case or there could be potentially upside to your sales guidance?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think...
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: My only comment...
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Paul.
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: Go ahead, Dan.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I was just going to say, we're just looking at overall that we've just finished 12 months with a 28% increase. And I think to try to break it down into 13 weeks is just getting too much into the minutia of how we see it. Overall, let me just say that we're extremely pleased with what's going on, and we will be excited if we finish in the 10% to 13% range, which we totally expect to do. And so how it breaks out by product? Remember, the profitability are close to the same, so we don't care how the agents write it. So we don't look to say, oh, please don't sell cancer, please sell medical. Or please sell cancer, don't sell medical, one or the other. It doesn't matter to us. So we don't break it out that way in terms of looking at it. Now we do look at life insurance where we've been on it, watching it, staying very close. But on cancer and medical, we really don't care how it comes in.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: I guess my question is more kind of like, with the Japan Post continuing to be performing, that is a little bit surprising to see cancer sales may potentially trend down. But I guess we will just have to wait for the fourth quarter to see what the results are. Shifting gear to maybe on WAYS, I understand you talked about kind of using it to entice the traditional channel to do more cross-sell and you can closely monitor from an interest rate perspective. Is there kind of a rule of thumbs in terms of thinking where the 10-year JGB will move to – prompt you to dial back or even go or have stronger appetites for the WAYS sales?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Humphrey, it's not that simple. Certainly, as you watch JGBs grind down, that doesn't make the job any easier in terms of generating yield, but realize we've got a portfolio approach to backing these products, which includes among other things the dollar program, Eric's strategic asset allocation, and so we take somewhat of a blended strategic asset allocation portfolio yield approach, if you will, to the expected investment horizon. So, for example, recently we've seen treasuries and JGBs go down but spreads widen out to where new money could be put to work actually at even net more attractive levels as long as you're being careful in where you go with the money. So it's not quite as simple as pegging to a JGB. But certainly as you see JGB going down, you've got to keep in mind two things: one, obviously, more of a challenge to reinvest that money, but the other is you're having to gradually move towards lower assumptions for ongoing interest rates as it relates to pricing of the product, and so you end up having a gradually less competitive product in the marketplace. This is really an industry thing, not an Aflac issue. And so do you reach a point where it's just not as much a value proposition for the client as you'd hope and does the overall market start to get soft? So I think those are some of the dynamics, but it's not a one-for-one tied to JGB. It's not quite that simple, although directionally certainly doesn't help. One other thing I would say on third sector and some of the commentary around Japan Post. Be mindful of the difference between growth rates and just having a much larger engine now as we start January 1 versus January 1 of last year. The fact of the matter is we're just selling a more volume of product. Even though the comparables may be challenging, we have a net larger distribution engine that's driving simply more sales overall. So that growth rate really benefits you as you move forward and look particularly at premium growth rates and your in-force growth rates and the overall economic value that you've driven. So there will continue to be growth in my view in terms of value, even though you may occasionally look at comparable sales periods that don't look as attractive. Particularly when you know the dynamic with this is that it jumped out at a very strong level, which is not unusual when you build up all the advertising and marketing investment to really launch it, and that was the story in the fourth quarter of last year.
Humphrey Hung Fai Lee - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Our next question is from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates. Your line is now open.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Question for Teresa. This may be a little nebulous, but you and Dan were talking about pipeline. Could you give us a sense of how you measure that if there is some particular metric you're using?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Certainly. We basically look at the pipeline from the perspective of groups that have agreed to offer Aflac policies. And that pipeline is weighed based on where they are, and so this is mostly the large group. It's mostly the large group segment and it's weighed based on where we are in the process. So there is a piece of the process that looks at commitment to offer the product, and then as you go further down the pipeline, we basically have – have they submitted all of the enrollment materials, have we set them up for enrollment, and so there are varying places in the pipeline up to the enrollment. And what we do is we look at the percent increase year-over-year to assess whether we have the constructive increase in that pipeline and today what we see is a double-digit increase in the pipeline from last year to this year apples-to-apples compare. And group insurance, it's usually group insurance and not individual insurance when we're talking about that.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, sure. Teresa, what would stop I guess the process from commitment to offer to actually getting it done?
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Couple of things. It may be that they decide to move the date of enrollments. And so it may migrate down the pipeline, so – not down the pipeline, but they would change the date of the enrollment. So it will move it from one quarter to the next. Couple of other things that may change it are that they decide that they're not going to adjust their benefit packages for that year and they hold with the current benefit offering that they have. Or they decide not to offer any voluntary benefits at all. But we don't think that they will, but we never know.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then one more. I think you answered it in the first question. But assuming you get that kind of 8% number for the fourth quarter, my assumption here is it's going to be driven by plus 100 cases.
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Yeah. Yeah. That's our assumption as well. Although we will have some, the natural sales that we have with our career agents, we do believe that we will skew towards the greater than 100 cases in the fourth quarter.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It will probably be even greater than 1,000 cases.
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Yeah.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Really. Now that's always in the fourth quarter. It's not during the year. But the fundamental growth of less than 100, Teresa and her team are doing a great job in stabilizing that and continuing to have that grow, especially through Everwell and the 50 or less. So we are encouraged about that. But it's this fourth quarter that's an anomaly because of the way the group presentations come in, and we specifically work to where each case might have a different product. So it's tailored to them, and that's what causes the issues.
Teresa L. White - President, Aflac U.S.: Right.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. All right, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Our next question is from John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Maybe, Fred, I just wanted to follow up on the comment and make sure I understand exactly what you're trying to tell us about the relative stability of the margin in both the U.S. and Japan. I haven't done the math perfectly for the adjustments, the one-timers this quarter. But it seems to me adjusting for that, that Japan margin's 21% or slightly above 21% year-to-date, and the U.S. margin is 18% or slightly above 18% year-to-date. In both cases, that's the upper end of the outlook for 2015 through 2017. So I guess in short, are you telling us that we should expect both operations to maintain margins at or even maybe slightly above the upper end of the guidance range?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. First let me just say that my comments were not meant to preempt the December outlook call. And so when we get to December 3, we'll give you a little more context and color around these earnings drivers and margins. But if you were to adjust both the benefit ratios, so adjust the Japan benefit ratio for the IBNR adjustment and adjust the U.S. benefit ratio really just modestly for the premium kick-up related to the premium collection allowance, we're seeing relative stability in those margins. Certainly as we enter into the fourth quarter, as we get into 2016, we don't see things at the moment that would disrupt that. Realize that the mix of business can play a little bit with your benefit ratios. And so we'd want to understand the mix of business in Japan, particularly third sector versus first sector. And we'd want to understand some of the mix of business dynamics in the U.S. a little bit better. But we're not seeing things that suggest to us significant movement in those benefit ratios going forward. So we'll provide a little more color on this in the outlook call. I would also note that expense ratios, obviously in the recent year, have been slightly more elevated as we reinvest back in our platforms. I mentioned that in my comment. We also see stability there too, meaning we see a need to continue to reinvest in our platform to support the kind of growth you're seeing in Japan and to position ourselves for better growth in the U.S. So that stability comment I made – yeah, that stability comment I made goes both ways, so.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah, you sort of took my follow-up question which was I think that's what you were hinting at. And just specifically around expenses and investments into the business, I can't remember exactly when it was, but a year or two ago Aflac announced a pretty significant couple of year investment program in Japan that was I think at the time expected to run its course and then tail off. It sounds to me like the message here is that, that elevated level of investment will maintain itself.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, I mean I would say in general, this is the type of topic that we would also give a little bit more color on, on the outlook call. Right now our investment has been oriented around – in the U.S. has been oriented around what you know and that is the investment we've made to reconfigure the sales platform and drive better growth. We're going to have to look at the same sorts of things in the U.S. that we've been successful in achieving in Japan and that is keeping pace with the modernization and digitizing of our platform in the U.S. And those involve incremental investment. We have been making some of those investments along the way. So it doesn't necessarily suggest big deltas in things like expense ratios and so forth because we have been investing. But the pace of that investment is going to have to react to the market opportunity. And that's how we will approach it. When we see there's opportunity to go after that requires a level of investment and argues for our capital, then we'll want to do that for our shareholders. And that's the type of color and we'll give you more context for that when we get to the outlook call.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: But let me just say something about our sales and what we've done there. I don't like sales at the level where they are, but I will say this, our organization is such that people are making less money if we don't achieve our objectives. And that's what it's all about, which means we make a little bit more, but that isn't the idea. We want the sales to be up and pay more. But we have corrected that and it is having an impact that I think ultimately will drive sales higher. But we're making sure that everyone shares in the pain. If we don't achieve our objectives, then they're going to feel it too. And if we do well, they can too.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): And then if – and my real quick follow-up is just on the EPS guidance for the year. Should we be holding you against that constant currency growth rate excluding the benefit of $0.06 or $0.07 this quarter that was unusual? Or should that be part of the growth?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the range we have out there attempts to accommodate some of these unusual items. But when we talk about carving positives out of our numbers, we typically mean that to carve it out for the purposes of guidance and going forward.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. Next question is from Suneet Kamath from UBS. Your line is now open.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. So I just wanted to come back to I think, Fred, your comment about the cross-sell initiative between WAYS and I think cancer in Japan. And I was sort of interested in how you characterized it. I believe you used the term household and where I'm going with this is, is I would have thought that given the sizeable premium differential between WAYS and third-sector products that to neutralize sort of the impact of the margin differential, you'd need to sell more than just one for one. You'd probably need to sell three, four, third sector products to neutralize the lower margin from the first sector. So I just want to – the question I guess is, is am I thinking about that correctly?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I mean, I think – I'll ask Paul to expand on this, but I think you're thinking about it correctly in the sense of when I say driving households, I mean it from a couple of perspectives. One, the actual consolidated return on what we have provided to that household to your point, but the other is what value you see in that household and that agent relationship going forward as you continue to develop new product to sell to your existing block of business and clients and new clients. The other thing to consider is that you have agents making a living off of the building out of these households and the sale or potential sale of new product. And so it supports the growth of your agency force and stability and even retention and development of your agency force. And these are things that are difficult to put economics behind, but we all know they drive embedded value. So that's where I come from when I use the term household, is the support for the agency, the agency build-out, the ability to cross-sell and what might be the future, present value future sales dynamics related to having developed more households. One of the things we tend to lead within Japan is that we're in one in four households. And when you start the conversation with that, that suggests there to be a lot of opportunity you can develop by simply being in that position. And so it really benefits us.
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: The other thing I would say is, is when we first started selling WAYS, we just picked up as much business as we could, based – and a lot of people bought it just on the yield and that was it. We've now moved away from that totally, in telling our field force they want an overall arching program that they can offer to a consumer that will cover their life insurance needs, their health insurance needs, and any aspect that they might have. So that's what we're trying to do is to cover them in their entirety. But we are definitely continuing to de-emphasize these type products and we will continue to going forward until we see changes in the interest rate environment going forward.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then I guess my second question is, and I don't want to front run your December event, but as we think about 2016 Japan sales, do you guys have plans for any new product launches next year that can help us stimulate sales in what I guess is going to be a pretty difficult comp for most of the quarters in 2015?
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think we will have to wait until our December call to give you an update on that type stuff. We want something to be able to talk about in December, so don't take it all away from us.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's fine. Thanks.
Frederick John Crawford - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations: I think we have time for one remaining call.
Operator: All right. Thank you, speakers. Our last question is from Mr. Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open, sir.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. The question I had is when I look at, and Paul, you had mentioned that cancer sales through the non-Japan Post, your traditional distribution system have continued to remain robust. It sounds like better than you would have expected and in medical, the ramp up of the new medical product has been more slow. Do you expect that trend to continue or do you think we're going to see a bigger shift into medical? And, I guess, Fred can you remind us how the margins stack up in terms of the cancer product versus medical?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: I'll start, this is Paul. To your question, we have continued to see the overall cancer sales be stronger than we originally anticipated. That is even pushing through into this quarter. Therefore, we have not put as strong an emphasis on selling the medical plan at this time and selling its new riders. So do I expect the medical plan to be strong and to grow over time? I expect it to grow over time but to have a slower launch than we might have expected, when we do a product and the previous product has already run its course. We really want to see this cancer product sell for as long and as well as we can sell it, especially through our traditional channels who are very invigorated by this cancer plan and the ability to speak to not only our existing customers, but to new customers that they've never had access to before.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And Paul, sorry, just one quick follow up. Is that because the medical space is increasingly more crowded, or is that because you think more of your – is it more of just a focus on one product at a time through much of your distribution?
Paul S. Amos II - President, Global Operations: I do not think it's because of the competitiveness of medical, otherwise we would be pushing that much harder right now. It has much more to do with the excitement around the cancer plan and the continued success that our sales force is having. As you've seen, there is such a strong cross-sell between the cancer plan and the 15-pay ways and longer, that's eating up a lot of the premium that we're selling to those individual customers. But we will be going back to them with the medical plan in the future.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then, Fred, on the margins?
Kriss Cloninger III - President: Tom, let me handle that, this is Kriss. The margins on the cancer and medical are approximately the same. And let me also add a comment on Suneet's question about neutralizing the margin on the cross-sell between WAYS and then cancer or medical. It's not meant to be a complete neutralization because of the premium difference that Suneet mentioned, but it does move us in the direction of additional value to shareholders in terms of adding additional business with significant value by having these cross-sells. So I think that would about wrap it up on that question.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President-Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Okay. Thank you, Kriss. And before we go, I want to share with all of you what's been mentioned before, that on December 3 at 9 a.m., we will have our scheduled earnings outlook call for 2016 to discuss our expectations for 2016. So I hope you'll all join us. We will be sending out a reminder as we always do, but again, that is December 3 at 9 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And please feel free to call us in investor relations if you have any questions and thank you very much for joining us this morning. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you speakers. And that concludes today's conference.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Paul Amos – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger – President Paul Amos – President Frederick Crawford – Executive Vice President and CFO Teresa White – President Eric Kirsch – Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer Robin Wilkey – Senior Vice President, Investor and Rating Agency
Analysts: Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Jamminder Bhullar – JPMorgan Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley Randy Binner – FBR Capital Market Erik Bass – Citigroup Ryan Krueger – KBW Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates John Nadel – Piper Jaffray Humphrey Lee – Dowling & Partners Colin Devine – Jefferies Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac, Investor and Rating Agency Relations. You may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me this morning from the US is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac US; and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. From Tokyo, also joining us today is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they're prospective in nature. Actual results to differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact those results. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in both the US and Japan. Dan?
Dan Paul Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin with an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. I am extremely pleased that sales of the third-quarter products were up a whopping 25.2% for the second quarter and 23.3% year-to-date. In addition to continued strong sales of our cancer insurance, the new medical product we introduced last month has proven to be very attractive and what has become a very competitive market. From a distribution standpoint, Aflac Japan generated positive sales growth from all of our sales channels, which lets us know we are focused in the right direction. Our goal is to have a presence where consumers want to make their insurance purchase decisions, and these results reflect our success in broadening our reach and our sales opportunities. Keep in mind that Aflac Japan's fourth quarter sales of third sector products were up 28.5%, thus making this year's fourth quarter a tough comparison. Given strong third sector sales growth in the first half of the year and the positive reception to the enhanced medical product, we now anticipate that sales of third sector products will increase between 7% to 10% for the full year. This is much stronger than our original expectation and impressive given that are already leading market share position in the third sector products. Now let me turn to our US operations. I'm encouraged that the second-quarter sales improved over the first quarter results. I believe that the changes we've made to our management infrastructure last year are setting the stage for bigger and better sales opportunities. Additionally, one day pay has generated a lot of excitement with our distribution channels, accounts, and policyholders. Through the industry-leading claims initiative, we are able to process, approve, and pay eligible claims in just one day. This allows us to deliver on our promise to our policyholders even more meaningfully by getting cash in their hands faster than ever. We continue to estimate that 70% of our policyholders can use One Day Pay for their claims. In 2015, we expect to process nearly 2 million claims within the parameters of this initiative. Along with our strong brand and relevant products, I believe One Day Pay will continue to underscore the value of Aflac's products and ultimately help Aflac sales long-term. At the same time, 2015 continues to be a year of building an Aflac Group. We are making progress with advancing our relationships and our potential business opportunities through insurance brokers and larger case market. As our production through broker and larger employers grows, we anticipate that sales will be driven progressively toward the fourth quarter, which will magnify the seasonal pattern of our sales to a certain extent. We continue to concentrate our efforts on increasing Aflac U.S. sales 3% to 7% for the year. Having covered operations, let me turn to a topic I know is top of mind with the shareholders, and that's capital deployment. We remain committed to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our policyholders. We continue to believe our capital strength puts us in an excellent position to repatriate approximately JPY200 billion to United States for the calendar year 2015, which continues to reinforce our plan to repurchase $1.3 billion of the common stock in 2015 and places us in a good position for the next year as well. As I've said at the financial analyst briefing in May, we believe that over the next few years, all else equal, we'll have opportunities to increase the capital available for deployment. Let me reiterate that our strong bias is the first to continue with our strong record of dividend growth; followed by repurchasing of our stock; and third, disciplined investment in organic growth initiatives. With the first half of the year complete, I'm pleased with the company's results. We have upwardly revised our target for 2015 operating earnings per diluted share to now be in the range of 4% to 7% on a currency neutral basis. Historically, the majority of the expenses have skewed more toward the end of the year. However, we have expedited some of the spending in the first half of the year and now believe expenses should lessen in the latter part of the year. Of note, some of the expense acceleration is driving strong growth rates, and we are experiencing in Japan and expect to experience in the United States. As always, we are working very hard to achieve our earnings per share objective while also delivering on our promise to our policyholders. Now, let me turn to a topic I know you're eager to hear about. As most of you know, Fred Crawford has joined the Aflac team at the end of June as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At our analyst meeting in May, I shared how important it was that we bring in someone who not only has a new perspective but who as a leader also enriches our corporate culture. Ultimately, the corporate culture of our organization is a very important factor of leadership, because it helps define the company's common goals, objectives, and standard of behavior that employees have come to count on. Throughout Fred's three decades of financial leadership experience, he has consistently demonstrated that he possesses the characteristics that we have been looking for and we believe he is the right man for the job. Let me just say that he is off to a tremendous start at Aflac in terms of overseeing the financial management of the company's operations including global investments. As you know Kriss is continuing his duties as President of the Corporation, in addition he is working closely with Fred as he transitions to Aflac. Fred has also been rolling up his sleeves and I can tell you that he fits right into Aflac. Fred we are glad to have you. Now Kriss is going to say a few words about the transition followed by Fred who will then turn it back over to Robin. Kriss.
A - Kriss Cloninger: Think Dan. First let me say, I have been both privileged and blessed to have held CFO responsibility at Aflac for the last 23 years. And I look forward to continuing to serve Aflac and all of its stakeholders including the investment community as President of Aflac Incorporated at the pleasure of Dan and the Board. I've always wanted to transition my CFO duties at a time when Aflac is financially strong. And today, looking at our capital position and our earnings prospects, I certainly believe that to be the case. I'm pleased we were able to upwardly revise our EPS guidance for 2015. We've performed at/or better than expected for the first six months and our outlook for the full year is more favorable than our original estimates. Accordingly, I believe Fred is joining us at a good time, and I'm enjoying working with him as he transitions to his new responsibilities. And let me tell you that Dan and I were immediately impressed with Fred during our interview process. We believe his breadth and depth of experience as well as his exposure to the financial challenges that the industry faces gives him a perspective that will significantly benefit Aflac. But equally important to this was Fred's history as an active partner with his previous CEOs. I have complete confidence that Fred will capitalize on those experiences and fully meet our expectations of him as Aflac's next CFO. So with that build up, let me turn it over to Fred for a few comments.
Frederick Crawford: Thinks Kriss and thank you Dan for the nice comments. Let me start by thanking the entire management team here at Aflac for welcoming me into the Aflac family particularly Dan and Kriss, who have built out a very comprehensive transition plan for me into the new CFO role. It's a real privilege to be here. Ever since I started with the company nearly a month ago it has been a whirlwind of meetings and activities directed toward gaining a deep understanding of the operations, our strategy, key initiatives and of course the key financial drivers. I've had an opportunity to spend a productive week in Japan. I also attended a sales force meeting in the U.S. and countless briefing sessions at various -- with various areas of the organization, especially on matters related to driving growth, valuation and efficient capital management. It's clear to me that here at Aflac, we have a very high caliber level of people who are dedicated, compassionate and who generally love what they do. I've joined the company at a particular good time as a strategic planning process is underway and the 2016 financial planning process begins. I will understandably play a more limited role on this call, but as I immersed myself in operations, investments and the financial details I look for to sharing my perspectives with you in the future periods. I can assure you that under Dan and Kriss' leadership the team is laser focus on driving growth, effectively deploying and delivering capital back to our shareholders and leveraging our platform here in the U.S. and Japan. So with that I'm very excited to be here and I look forward to more opportunities to interact with all of you. And I will hand it back to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Fred and welcome. I would like to go over some second quarter numbers this morning, starting first with Aflac Japan. Beginning with the currency impact for the quarter, the Yen weakened against the Dollar 15.7%. In reference to topline in the interims, revenue as reported were flat for the quarter. Excluding the impact of the Yen revenues declined 1.4%. In terms of the quarterly operating ratios benefits to total revenue declined slightly compared to last year going from 60.6 to 60.5 in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of the weaker Yen, the benefit ratio for the quarter would have been 61.3%. Reinsurance had 110 basis points positive impact on the benefit ratio in the quarter. The expense ratio in the quarter increased to 18.4% from 17.7%. Expenses were in large part due to write-off -- software development costs related to modernization activity, planned increased spending associated with upgrading of our system software in Japan and also promotional expenditures for our new medical product. The pre-tax profit margin declined slightly during the quarter going from 21.7 to 20.1. Excluding the impact of the Yen, the pre-tax profit margin for the quarter would have been 20.1%. With the retraction of the margin pre-tax earnings declined 3.1% in the Yen terms. Excluding the Yen pre-tax earnings would have been 8.9% -- would've declined 8.9%. Now, let me turn to Aflac U.S. where total revenues rose 1.9% for the quarter. And looking at the operating ratios, the benefit ratio was 47.7% compared to 48.1%. The primary reason for this improvement was the continued favorable claims experience. The operating expense ratio increased going from 31.6 to 32.8. This increase is a result of increased spending on the U.S. sales strategy as we've discussed before and is in line with our expectation. Now looking at some of the other items, non-insurance expense at the corporate level were 38 million compared to 51 million a year ago. This decline reflects the impact of the extinguishment of the debt executed last quarter. Parent company and other expenses were 20 million compared to 19 million in the second quarter 2014. On a operating basis the corporate tax rate was 34.6 compared to 34.5 last year. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share before the Yen impact were 164 compared to 166 a year ago. The weaker Yen decreased operating earnings by $0.14 per diluted share for the quarter. Lastly, let me comment and reiterate some of the statements Dan made. We have upwardly revised the target obviously for 2015 and now expect operating earnings per diluted share to be in the range of 4% to 7%. For the third quarter, if the Yen averages 1.22 to 1.25, we would expect operating earnings to be in the range of 140 to 153 per diluted share. Using the same currency assumptions for the full year, we would expect to report EPS similar in the range of $5.88 or $6.17 per diluted share. Before we take your questions, I would like to take this opportunity to update everyone on a change to the timing of our earnings guidance practice. After careful consideration, we concluded the best practice would be to provide earning guidance in December for the following year in the form of a dedicated outlook call. We believe this process better aligns us with the natural timeline of our financial planning process. Additionally, this practice also puts us more in line with the guidance disclosure practices of many of our peers. Now, we're ready to take your questions. But, first let me remind you to be fair to everybody, please limit your questions to one initial question and only that's only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. We will now take the first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. I wanted to focus on third sector products and specifically the new guidance. Is the new guidance for the full year 2015 reflecting any changes to your fourth-quarter expectations or is it mostly driven by the first-half results and maybe expectations of stronger sales in the third quarter?
Paul Amos: This is Paul. Let me say that certainly our first through third quarter's -- first two and performance third expected are running ahead of our expectations, and so that is a considerable portion of the 7 to 10 target. That said, we do believe that we've improved modestly our fourth-quarter outlook. Again, we've only had a very short period of time in terms of seeing the medical sales of the new product that's just been launched. And so, I think I will have a better view on how the fourth quarter is going to be as we get to the third quarter call, but I'm extremely optimistic about what's happening as Dan said in his opening remarks. We’re up across all channels, and 7 to 10 increase in third sector reflects a much improved number over where we thought we would be coming into 2015.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then my follow-up. Also still seen on the third sector product sales, are you seeing any changes in the demographics that are buying the new product compared to what the traditional demographics has been? And also have you seen -- maybe can you offer some detail as to what portion of cancer products sold are coming from Japan Post?
Paul Amos: Yeah. Unfortunately, we cannot disclose or we do not disclose how much of the percentage that's coming from Japan Post. What I can tell you, what I said and what Robin has said is that we're up across all channels and that our cancer growth is not driven solely by Japan Post, but instead by all channels. In terms of the demographics, there’s somewhat similar to what we've seen in the past. We are targeting younger customers by certain product lines, and we've seen some movements because of that. That said in the aggregate, I would not tell you that that move has been significant up to this point.
Yaron Kinar: Great, thank you very much for the answers.
Paul Amos: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jamminder Bhullar: Hi. I had a question on U.S. sales and recruiting and the producer account. You’ve made a lot of changes in your sales infrastructure, but we've seen a steady decline in recruiting in the agent count, when do you expect the changes to start lifting recruiting, and do you expect it in the fourth quarter when it's a heavy sales season or would it be more likely in 2016?
Teresa White: This is Teresa. So let me start by talking a little bit about the recruiting number. The recruiting number consists of both broker recruits and career agents. And on the broker side, we’ve purposefully reduced the number of recruits there because our goal is to strengthen and deepen the relationships that we have with our current brokers. We've hired 120 broker sales professionals and our goal is to continue to earn the business of each of those brokerage houses and to help them to grow their business. Now and many of these are large brokerage houses that we have these relationships with. So we knew that the business would skew towards the latter end of the year. And we knew that we needed to start working on deepening relationships with these brokers. So, I feel good about that, but that means that recruiting number will not be driven upward as steeply and the decline that you see in that recruited number is driven primarily by the broker recruits. Now from the career perspective, we will continue to work at increasing the number of career recruits. Our goal there was to initially increase the number of district sales coordinators, because in our field force, those are the field hierarchy of coordinators who actually train those new recruits. And we have increased the number of districts by 16%. And so, we are now seeing an increase in recruits as well. For the second quarter, it's around 3%, 2.6% is what we are seeing increase in recruits. So we have strategy certainly to continue to increase recruiting, but our philosophy has changed somewhat on the broker side. We do know that lower recruitment does not mean lower sales at this point in time because the broker business is growing and we are pleased with that.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Dally: Great, thanks and good morning. So my question is for Fred, first congrats on your new position. One of the key questions we get is how will the financial management of Aflac change, if at all, with you taking over as CFO, so I know it's early but any priorities that you have which are perhaps a little different to where Aflac was previously focused?
Frederick Crawford: I think you should expect no -- certainly no sharp changes right or left from me. One, job one is really focused on understanding Aflac's operations and strategy. My approach has always been the same at the companies I've worked at. My ability to be effective in understanding the financials and particularly also capital development is everything about understanding the operations. So where I've been spending most of my time is just getting a feel for the platform both here in the U.S. and Japan. I'm very privileged in taking over for one of the most respected CFOs in the industry who has spent a lot of time and years developing great people around him and great practices. I fully expected I would arrive here and find a very solid financial operations and management and that's exactly what I found. So really where my focus is going to be is really more contributing to really Aflac's focus on driving growth and taking the company to like the next level. I think my observations of Aflac is that the good news is that we're dominant in the markets that we serve. But at the same time that raises the stakes on driving future growth. And we've got a lot of initiatives underway doing that and that's where my focus is going to be is understanding that and helping to interpret those strategies to how it matters to our financials and how it’s expected the flow-through. So, that's where I'm expecting to spend the lot of time. But in terms of the core practices of the company, they are very solid, they are very familiar, and I like what I see.
Nigel Dally: Great. Thank you.
Eric Kirsch: And I like to comment as a CEO. Chris and Fred thought processes are much the same. They are very thought provoking in their approach to everything that they do and the mutual respect that the two of them have for each other, I have seen over the last month, is only going to make our company stronger. And I told Fred not to get the big hit, but that he was exceeding our expectations and he certainly has been in all the eyes of the people that have worked with him so far.
Nigel Dally: I appreciate the color thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Market. Your line is open.
Randy Binner: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to get some update or color on ongoing reinsurance transactions. There was nothing no worthy there in the quarter, so should we still be thinking about those as coming along and enabling that kind of you hitting the higher end of the capital deployment range you give it the FAB meeting in May?
Kriss Cloninger: Randy, Kriss. You're pretty much on target there. At FAB we indicated a range of deployable capital we expected to see over the next three years of somewhere in the neighborhood of 6.3 billion to 7.5 billion, I told you at the low end of the range, I didn't think we'd have to do much in the way of extraordinary capital raises either through reinsurance or other means to achieve that level of capital deployment. Perhaps some modest level of reinsurance to get to the 7.5, we might have to do some other things. We've got our year to the ground and the reinsurance market overall as you know we're pursuing ways to achieve cost effective, cost efficient ways to reduce sterile capital particularly in the Aflac Japan operation, we think we did that through our last transaction. That exceeded a significant block of business in Japan, but allowed us to recover our retrocession from the reinsure of 90% of the block to minimize the cost of that block. And still achieve a significant reserve release in Japan. We – we're talking with the reinsurance community about additional follow on opportunities of that nature. We don't have anything in the works at the moment. Nothing to announce. But it's part of our planning process and we're continuing to flesh out the planning around sources and uses of capital. And Fred and I have been having significant discussions along with Ken Janke in our planning for the future there. But nothing in the pipeline at the moment, nothing that you ought to expect here about in the near-term.
Randy Binner: I guess, the follow-up would be given the amount of capital in the reinsurance area in general and kind of the trajectory of the deals you've done which have gotten kind of each one has been better of the three major ones, is that still the direction of the conversations you have with the reinsurers that the terms and conditions and circumstances continue to improve, is that a fair way to think of it?
Kriss Cloninger: That's our objective, yes. And we continue to explore the market to achieve that objective.
Randy Binner: Thanks. Thanks a lot. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Dan in your comments you had mentioned for the priorities for capital return. You said dividends, buyback from organic growth. You discuss how you're thinking about M&A a new level of interest in doing something particularly in the U.S.?
Dan Paul Amos: I think that the price of insurance companies are through the roof. And I can't possibly see in anything making any sense at this particular time. The thing I could see are small things that would ultimately enhance our internal growth. But like a CAIC type that makes us broader in our perspective. So in terms of capital it wouldn't even be a blip on the screen. It wouldn't even require a release it would be so small the things we're looking at. So right now is not the time. What we need to do is concentrate on what ultimately enhances shareholder value and that's growing our business internally and then doing share repurchase if that makes sense. And then also increasing the dividends. So I am staying in that area.
Erik Bass: Thank you. That's helpful color. Just one more on the M&A theme. I guess as you're seeing more domestic Japanese companies look abroad for growth and do foreign M&A. Is there any change in their competitor behavior focus on the local market in Japan?
Kriss Cloninger: I'll let Paul take that.
Dan Paul Amos: We closely follow all the Japanese domestics. We see certainly sometimes different behavior between those that are mutual companies and those that are stock companies. But in general, they are following their overall strategic long-term plans allocating certain percentages of revenue they like to see outside of Japan. But we don't believe in any way that's fundamentally changing the domestic marketplace. We do however believe that our continued focus on Japan and the efforts that we're making there are allowing us to continue to execute better and better and I think that's evident in this quarter's numbers. As we continue to keep our focus right in Japan and what we think the Japanese consumer needs.
Erik Bass: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Your line is open.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, good morning. First, can you talk about the key factors that led to your upward revision in 2015 EPS guidance?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, Ryan, I will cover that. Basically, we got the first six months under our belt, things came in as I said at or somewhat better than planned in most particular areas. I always like to say we've got a lot of moving parts in this organization and I have to expect some good variances from plan and some that are maybe not quite as favorable. But net-net, things that moved from plan netted out to be on track. I will say that we had frontloaded expenses both in Japan and the U.S. this year relative to where they were in the prior-year at least on a comparative basis. In the U.S. it was all continuing build-out of the change in the sales management model and alike in Japan we had planned to do some additional work in our IT areas in terms of building out some of the systems we are working on and the like. Of course, we ended up with that relatively modest write-down of some of the software developer costs we had previously incurred. I'll tell you there are a lot of moving parts on that software development cost thing. We are going to get a credit from the vendor that participated in doing that software development that'll benefit us in subsequent periods. Credit somewhere between at least half of the amount of the write-down and we have some optionality in terms of when to take advantage of those credits. But all of that being said, we had a good solid first six months. We think will be on plan or better for Japan and U.S. benefits in the second six months. We are ahead of plan to some extent in net investment income. And, of course, we did that bond transaction to take out the 8% notes that we had outstanding. Took them out and the combination of first and second quarter eliminated $850 million of bonds they carried an 8% coupon replace them with about $1 billion of debt. They carried much lower net effective coupon rates and that's going to save us about $0.07 per share a little bit over 1% increase in EPS during the period. So all of those things as netted together, I mean the increase in guidance wasn't huge, but it was an upper revision to indicate that we had a good plan for the year and we have confidence we are going to make it during the second part of the year. Good sales help that too. So that is about it from my perspective. I don't know Dan if you want to add anything to that. But that is the financial story I will let you follow-up if you want to.
Frederick Crawford: You know, I think he got it.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks Kriss. And then -- and my follow-up is just on the Japan new money rate, it increased meaningfully to 3.76% in the quarter. Can you talk about what drove that and how meaningful were the cash flows that were invested at that rate?
Kriss Cloninger: Sure, absolutely. A big driver of that was as you recollect I talked about earlier in the year that most of our cash flows were back ended in the second half of the year. And one large portion of those cash flows was again you recollect we had the flash crash of October 15 last year. We sold about $1.2 billion of treasury, but we opted to put that into yen or JGBs because we didn't like the dollar opportunity at the time. We planned to bring that back to dollars during 2015, but we wanted to be opportunistic so not knowing exactly when that would be that was planned for July 1. As you know during the second quarter tenure started at about 190 or 180 or so, ended the quarter around 240. And in early June hit around 245, 250. We opted to take about two-thirds of that money and allocated in June mostly to some investment grade corporate bonds and a little bit of high yield. So we were opportunistic in terms of the timing planned for, but we did a little earlier than we originally put in the budget of July. So that was the big driver of that new money yield. And as I had said last quarter we expected over the year this would iron out the first quarter was just because we focused primarily with the small amount we had on JGBs, but we'd always planned on having a larger dollar allocation. So, I hope that helps.
Ryan Krueger: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Just a couple of follow-ups on previous questions. Teresa, just so I'm clear here, the recruited agent number, the brokers, these are like account managers that you're including in these numbers? Some guy working at Aon [ph] ?
Teresa White: The recruited numbers are all recruits. So, broker recruits as well as career recruits. So if an Aon example may have producers that are recruits as well, so anyone with a license, and it depends on the state, but anyone with a license, they are counted in this recruited number.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Could you tell us what weekly average producers or monthly average producers, what those comps would look like with regards to just the traditional career agency force?
Kriss Cloninger: The numbers that you see actually in the FAB Sup, I would say, primarily are the sales force, the career force. One of the things that I've spoken with Robin about is, as we skew more towards broker business that we need to re-look at how we present this information in the FAB Sup. And the reason I'm saying that is, the numbers that are represented here are primarily our sales, our careers sales organization numbers. So the weekly – average weekly producers, average monthly producers, and then we had brokers that were contracted as associates. But as we have executed on our new broker strategy now we've started looking at brokers as a single entity in our system, but they are not well represented here. So the field force is still very, very important to us and we're continuing to work with them on the less than 100 – 100 or less accounts. But I don't think that I'm fairly representing the broker community on the FAB Sup and we plan to change that.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then a follow-up for Eric. Eric if I get to the previous answer, right, basically the point is that it wasn't really new cash flows. This was from premiums or whatever, from the company. This is just selling JGBs and trading those into dollars.
Eric Kirsch: Primarily. There is a little bit of new cash flow. So when I speak of new money, it's an accumulation from operations, maturities, calls, the interest, coupons, things of that nature. But the percentage breakdown is primarily from the JGBs coming back to dollars.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Any sense of what we should be thinking about for the rest of the year for new money yield?
Eric Kirsch: We have a number of things in the pipeline. It will be somewhere, I would say, between where we are now and much higher than 2%.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Thank you.
Eric Kirsch: You're welcome
Operator: The next question is from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
John Nadel: Hi. Good morning, everybody and Dan I think I can probably speak for most of your shareholders when I say I'm really excited to hear that you believe 18 times forward earnings is a too high a price to pay for insurance company acquisitions.
Dan Paul Amos: Let me say that's from our standpoint. I can't speak what other people would, but from our standpoint we can't make it work. But it'd be a good evaluation for Aflac.
John Nadel: All right. Well, yes, it certainly would.
Dan Paul Amos: We have to [indiscernible].
John Nadel: The question I have for you is where did -- if you could just level set us on where the parent company cash position ended the quarter and how much of that ¥200 billion that you have planned to repatriate for the full year how much of that was taken through the first half of the year?
Dan Paul Amos: Let's see I've got some of those numbers here John. Total cash and cash equivalents were right out 1.4 billion, but that was down from almost 2.5 billion at the beginning -- end of the first quarter because we refinanced and paid off those notes of a little over $1 billion during the quarter. The cash available to shareholders which we count as the amount of cash that we actually got less $500 million minimum balance cash collateral amount and any debt refunding activities we've got, that's closer to 400 million. And we'll expect that to grow modestly during the third and fourth quarters as we receive additional amounts of repatriation. We actually received ¥119 billion in July that wasn't included in that number at the end of the second quarter I gave you. And we got another 50 billion planned or recover or received during the remainder of 2015. Cash position is pretty good.
John Nadel: Absolutely. Thank you.
Dan Paul Amos: Sufficient to support the share repurchase objectives anyway.
John Nadel: Yeah. Understood. And so I guess that sort of begs the question, what are you looking to see in the back half of the year to give you maybe a little bit more confidence to think about that $1.3 million for 2015 being a higher number.
Dan Paul Amos: Well, we think about it being 1.3 that's implicit in the guidance, the revised. We haven't really thought about it being a bigger number at this point. But it's certainly possible depending on how things break that we would consider that if appropriate. But we're not ready to say it's appropriate. We're doing our cash planning our earnings planning et cetera, et cetera, and the updated guidance we gave you which is toward the high end of the original guidance is as far as we going to go right at the moment.
John Nadel: Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Just a question about waste sales in Japan. It was up 36% in the quarter to ¥5.6 billion, if I recall correctly the highest level since late 2013. I understand the product is being repriced and you're using it to maintain relationship. I'm just kind of wondering what is the return on the reprise waste products and what kind of new money yield you need to achieve that return?
Dan Paul Amos: Well, this is Paul. Let me start on first sector broadly. And say that first sector as we promised, we were going to actively manage is down again 11.8% in the quarter and down 21.1% year-to-date. We did, as a part of our strategy, re-price and redevelop part of the WAYS product, our BR product, really focused on 15-year and longer, first and foremost, to help handle any disintermediation risk; second of all, to target a potentially younger customer and we've already seen in the first quarter a lower average age of issue as a result; and, finally, as we've discussed or I've discussed at FAB as an accommodation to our agency sales force. Keep in mind, several of our large channels don't even offer first sector generally, whether it's Daido, Dai-Ichi or Japan Post. But through our bank channel, we continue to monitor in cap sales of first sector products. But as our exclusive agencies depend solely on Aflac for their products and they continue to do a great job creating cross-selling between first sector sales and third sector sales, we continue to work with them to develop product that we think can meet our needs as well as meet the needs of growing our third sector sales in Japan. I'll turn it back over to these guys to talk about the expected profit margin and the overall rate for interest.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, I'll make a brief comment on that. As you know, we've continued to operate in historically low interest rate environment in Japan. That's led us to being cautious and disciplined relative to our sales practices. In today's interest rates, we're looking at mid-single-digit profitability as a percent of premium on the WAYS business produced today, if those low interest rates continue on for the full premium period of the policy. As Paul mentioned, we extended the premium period for the new version of WAYS from pretty much a 10-year minimum to a 15-year minimum call. That produces over a premium rate in each year we collect a premium, it gives us a longer period of time to yen average or dollar average invested interest rates during the time we receive the cash from the product. And at today's interest rates, again historic lows, if those persist throughout the premium period of the policy, we expect to come in mid-single digits, which is not really consistent with our company objective. We're optimistic or hopeful that interest rates will improve somewhat over time and will get the benefit of investing some of the future cash flows at somewhat higher interest rates, but that remains to be seen. All that being and said, we do believe that it's in our corporate interest to maintain the agency relationships with the channel we've developed to continue to promote the cross-sale of third sector products, which we're pretty good at, and just monitor conditions as we continue to accept business. So it's not a rosy picture at current interest rates, but we're trying to just keep the distribution system afloat at this point.
Dan Paul Amos: I see WAYS a little bit like a contest for salespeople. You've got to keep whether we're trying to find a way to enhance sales of the third sector. One way that we're enhancing sales is that they feel like they need this WAYS product or a product to have a broad enough portfolio. And so we give up some on profit margin but whether we had had a sales contest that cost us a lot of money to increase third sector or whether or not we took a little bit lower profit margin on the life insurance product, it still ultimately our objective is not to grow WAYS, our objective is to grow third sector. And the numbers reflect what's going on in Japan that we are in fact growing third sector and growing it dramatically. No one with the profit margin we've got with the market share we've got is expected in a 12 month period to grow over 25% which is what we are growing right now.
Humphrey Lee: This is helpful. Just a quick follow-up on that is, do have any kind of sales cap on the WAYS product through your agency channel?
Dan Paul Amos: We encouraged certain products of first sector products to be sold at lower levels through our agency channel by either not entering the production credit we give them or taking away certain elements of the product related to that channel. Specific to the new WAYS product, we are focused on helping them and allowing them to sell that 15 year and longer because we believe, as Chris pointed out, it has some advantageous elements to the overall sales. But as we've cited, we have to be very careful in taking away products from exclusive provider because they would obviously have the opportunity to become non-exclusive and offer other companies products which would damage our relationship with them should we determine that we were no longer going to offer any first sector products but strictly managing products like child endowment and annuity has been something we have been heavily focused on.
Kriss Cloninger: But Paul's answer is yes and your real question is, what if interest rates go lower. And the answer is, we can control it if we need to.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Colin Devine with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Colin Devine: Good morning. [indiscernible] with respect to your comments about Fred, I didn't realize Fred was quite as old given how long he has been around this business.
Frederick Crawford: Getting older every day, Colin.
Colin Devine: These markets can do that to you.
Frederick Crawford: It's not the years, it's the mileage.
Colin Devine: It's the truth. For Dan and Kriss, you know, the growth rate of the premiums and forth has continued to slow in both Japan and the US. And how much of the concern is that to you and I guess by extension is that really reflecting what we're seeing with some of the recruiting challenges and what's it going to take to turn this around?
Dan Paul Amos: Well, of course, the sheer size of Japan is a challenge. I believe that the things that we're doing in the United States, you asked me, so I am going to answer it, Teresa could answer it, but I'm going to answer it is that I still believe the US has enormous potential. I believe some of the things that we're doing specifically last year at this time for the first nine months since we put it in, we are up about 6.7%. That's still doesn't excite me too much. I want to see double digits. But I think we’re doing the right thing in that regard. Our specific areas of the country about 40% of them were up prior to these changes. And now about 60% of them are up. So they're moving in the right direction. So I'm hoping that as we see now national healthcare or Obama Care pretty well set, every ruling every everything, the people have far is kind of over now people will lock in and become used to that. It's here to stay and I think that will ultimately broadens our opportunity to grow our business. But we have got to grow new sales. And I make no doubt about that. And so we'll continue to work that way.
Colin Devine: ...with respect to Japan too.
Dan Paul Amos: Okay. I'll make a few comments on Japan. Colin I'll say that the financial guys look at increasing profitability more than they look at increasing premiums and force. And some of that today is a discipline. You know we have had input on from the investment community over the last several years 2010, 2011, 2012 we wrote a lot of per sector premiums. In my opinion it had good profit margin. And I'm convinced we added significantly to the value of the enterprise and grew our profits with first sector products. But we got a lot of push back from the investment community saying we don't want you to grow those large premium policies. Those more investment oriented products. So it wasn't solely that input that cost us to push back but it was partly that input that cost us to push back some in the first sector. And so we've reemphasized our core business third sector products that cover the body instead of being investment oriented or life insurance oriented more. And we're concentrating on growing that and I think redirecting the efforts of our distribution system. The third sector is leading to significant increases in growth. You know the fact of the matter is you've got a certain persistency or lapse rate that's just associated with the market and you lose a certain amount of business through lapses and your net gross based on how much new production you can have that offsets the lapses and force. And as we get bigger and bigger and bigger in terms of your legacy block the lapses become bigger and more new businesses is required. So we've got a balancing act going on Colin. But our final focus is on enhancing profitability and value of the company for the shareholders. I don't worry quite as much about the metric of premiums and force as I do profit growth. So I'm going to leave it there and let you push back if you want.
Colin Devine: For sure. You would be disappointed if I didn't. So Kriss if we take that the pre-tax margin seems to pretty much stabled in around 21% but the ROE has continued to significantly drop over the last five or six or seven years. Where do you see the ROE stabilizing out for Aflac Japan?
Kriss Cloninger: Well you say it has significantly dropped for the last few years.
Colin Devine: Back in 2009, 2010 it was off the charts. I think above the 41%.
Kriss Cloninger: Well I don't know, I hadn't...
Colin Devine: Pre-tax...
Kriss Cloninger: 41% -- okay. Pre-tax maybe you're right. All I know is we are in the far upper right hand corner of every chart I ever see relative to companies producing ROEs and right now on an operating basis excluding all the unrealized gains and losses and excluding the effect of currency our ROEs are still in excess of 20%. I think they were like 23.1 or something like that. That was a number. I happen to remember that number because I kind of like those ROEs. That was it for the second quarter on an operating basis. Darn, one thing we determined when we were interviewing CFO candidates is every person we interviewed told us that one thing that attracted them to talking to us was our profitability metrics and our returned metrics. Our margin metrics, our ROE metrics, they say gosh, my company sits around and lusts after your metrics. It's really attractive situation. So I'm sensitive to what you're saying about ROE declines and quite frankly, the first sector business if it produces mid to single-digit profit margin that's going to carry a lower ROE and I admit that. But that's not where we want to end up ultimately. I think will maintain the operating ROEs. Our internal range is to hit somewhere in the 16% to 24% range that's what we get paid on. So that's what we're managing for and quite frankly 20%'s is our target. And if we don't get that we get penalized financially. That's where I'm trying to keep things.
Dan Paul Amos: Colin, I will give you a couple observations from my perspective. First, we always want to try to drive those core valuation metrics nor where we can and if we can, but interestingly enough what I think is also happened over the last several years with Aflac is our cost of equity has come down, as a company is gotten bigger, stronger, stable and not quite honestly, I'm looking across the table at Eric Kirsch. Eric has grabbed on to the general account and managed the risk more carefully around the exposures that we have. The volatility and prospects of volatility for the company are down considerably and so I think ROE may have trickled down over time but certainly cost of equity has also come down too where we're still generating the kind of value that you would expect. And I would second that Kriss is talking about in part some comments I made when I was first talking with the company.
Kriss Cloninger: All candidates just made them. It was important to us...
Dan Paul Amos: Well, it's true though. But the thing that interesting about that is it goes back to also Dan's comments on M&A. I mean the bar is set extremely high here at Aflac. Because right now when we buy back our stock we are effectively buying back into a high returning company at zero premium. And that 's a very valuable thing to do. And when we look at deploying excess capital build often wins over by when you're looking at a premium. And really what we are excited about is driving more competition for investing organically in our growth model. And that's a very promising thing when you're driving good returns. So it's – were in a good position I think all the way around.
Colin Devine: Just to clarify one thing Kriss, you mentioned the 16% to 23% ROE range were you talking pre or post-tax?
Kriss Cloninger: Post.
Colin Devine: Okay clarification is important. Thank you, because we were on pre-tax.
Kriss Cloninger: And net tax income over equity as defined in the financial.
Colin Devine: A feel of that just might of had a heart attack when you were talking pre, so thank you.
Kriss Cloninger: While I don't talk pre-tax. Well I guess profit margins are pre-tax but ROE is always after tax.
Colin Devine: Yes okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have the next question is from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. I guess in a similar line of questioning just wanted to go down the path of earnings growth. And Dan if I think about what's happening with Japan sales right now it seems like things have reflected in a positive way, certainly from a pure number standpoint. And if I go back historically Aflac has had, we'll call it at least a year lag between when sales start to influence earnings. Now I think you have a new wrinkle here though in your model in that you have this first to third sector sales transition which is clouding that connection. So I guess taking all that together, do you think we have -- we may also see an EPS inflection along with this Japan sales growth inflection, or do you think that's still several years out considering this other transition that is occurring?
Dan Paul Amos: Well, let me just say, let's don't forget that life sales were down 11% and you can't breakout just ways because it is all part of it together. So I want to point that out. Kriss said he wants to take it so I'll since this is the last one will let Kriss take it and if you have a follow-up, I will answer.
Kriss Cloninger: Tom all I wanted to do is to point out that a lot of our costs are step costs and major. They don't directly vary with the production of the business. They are very similar between first and third sector of products and certainly some percentage of the costs are in fact very bold, but the way we manage cost particularly with in Aflack, Japan is, I will say, independent of the source of the production etc. etc. are staffing models are built around certain things and we don't have a lot of fluctuation in personnel or staffing levels over say a six month period. We'll adjust depending on trends and the like, but I can pretty much count on the Aflac Japan management team to come in with their expense plan we established at the beginning of the year. And one of the ways I disciplined that expense plan is by setting the growth in their general operating expenses generally at about an increased level of about one half the increase in the premium income. That's my objective, that's we'll start out with them. And so that adds some discipline to the process. It gives them some variability in their premiums. If premiums vary, I let their expense targets vary. But, in general, more of our costs are step in nature and not directly variable. So that tends to lead to some stability of profits regardless of variations and production over a short span of time, which I'd say is six months or so.
Dan Paul Amos: As we end this call I want to say one thing, because Aflac Japan is on the other end. Because you are all analysts and shareholders, I couldn't be prouder of the job that Aflac Japan is doing. I mean, to realize the market share we have, to realize a profit margin we have and to realize the sales increase we have now pulled for the fourth, first and second quarter is just stellar. I hope all of you will take note of that and realize, because I will put them up as bragging rights against anybody. There's always in a quarter some good and some bad and sometimes you have really bad news. Fortunately we've had very little over our history but sometimes you really have good news and I'm here to say we've got good news about Aflac Japan and what's going on and we are proud of them. So with that we'll turn back to Robin
Robin Wilkey: Thank you and I appreciate everybody participating today. If you have any follow-up questions I will be in the office so please give me a call. And thank you for being on the call today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's conference. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - SVP, Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger - President, CFO Ken Janke - EVP, Deputy CFO Teresa White - President, Aflac U.S. Eric Kirsch - EVP, Global Chief Investment Officer Paul Amos - President, Aflac Hiroshi Yamauchi - President and COO, Aflac, Japan
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Nigel Daily - Morgan Stanly Jimmy Bullar - JPMorgan Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Bass - Citigroup Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Humphrey Lee - Dowling & Partners Suneet Kamath - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you and good morning and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Joining me this morning in the U.S. is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Teresa White, President of Aflac US; and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us today from Tokyo are Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac, Japan. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments on the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and in the United States. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin with an update of Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Sales of Aflac Japan's third sector products were up 21.3% in the quarter. This result established a strong start toward our expectation to third sector sales with average and increase of 15% for the first nine months of the year. Sales of cancer insurance continued to be extremely strong following the introduction of the end of the third quarter the new cancer days products, which includes an exclusive policy sold for Japan Post. Following an outstanding fourth quarter 2014, reception of this product, cancer insurance sales in the first quarter generated a 118% increase through all distribution channels and outlooks. Our distribution side, our strategic alliance with Japan Post continues to be enormously beneficial. This alliance leverages Japan's Post position as the largest distribution network in Japan with Aflac Japan status is a leading industry and pioneer of cancer insurance. Our tremendous progress continues add more than 10,000 postal outlooks offering our cancer insurance to their customers. I believe this alliance will continue to benefit both companies as the opportunities and purchase cancer insurance is extended to more and more Japanese consumers. At the same time, our traditional agencies had been and remain key to our success. Our goal is to have a presence for our consumers want to make their insurance decisions and our various distribution outlooks broadened for that reach. Now let me turn to the U.S. operation. As I mentioned here in the fourth quarter conference call we expected the first quarter sales would be challenging. As we communicated the expense ratio increased during the quarter primarily reflecting the expenses related to the changes we made to our sales organization over the last several months. We believe these changes which were implemented to enhance our sales growth are better positioning Aflac U.S. for the future. At the same time, we just started something no one in the industry is ever attempted, no less done and that is the one day pay. The industry first initiated means that we process, approve and pay in just one day. We are delivering on our promise to our policyholders in a more meaningful way of getting cash in their hands faster than ever, faster than anyone in fact. We estimate that 70% of our policyholders can use one day pay for their clients. In 2015 we expect to process nearly 2 million claims within the parameters of this initiative. One day pay is generated a lot of excitement with their distribution channels or accounts in our policyholders. Along with the strong brand and relevant products, I believe one day pay will continue to help Aflac standout. As I mentioned last quarter, I'm not willing to say that Aflac U.S. sales have turned the corner until we see the results for the first half of the year. At the same time, I remain encouraged by the progress that we've seen and continue to see. I still believe that Aflac U.S. sales will increase 3% to 7% for the year. We'll continue to advance our efforts toward expanding our distribution to access employers of all size. Doing so will allow us more opportunities to leverage our brand and have attractive products in the portfolio in an ever-changing health care environment. Having covered operations let me turn to the topic that I know are top of mind with our shareholders and that is capital deployment. Our commitment to maintaining strong capital ratios on behalf of our policyholders puts us in an excellent position to repatriate about ¥200 billion to the United States for the calendar year 2015. This reinforces our plan to repurchase 1.3 billion of our common stock in 2015 and puts us in a good position for the next year as well. I want to reiterate that our objective for 2015 remains to increase operating earnings per diluted share 2% to 7% before the effect of currency. Challenging financial markets and a very low interest rate make it difficult to invest cash flows at attractive yields. Therefore we will continue to be very disciplined in selling per sector products in Japan which will reduce investable cash flows. As always, we are working very hard to achieve our earnings per share objectives while also delivering on our promise to our policyholders. I am pleased with Aflac's position in Japan and the United States, the two largest insurance markets in the world. Aflac has earned a distinction of being the best branded company for voluntary and supplemental products in each country. We continue to believe Japan and the United States each are characteristic that make them extremely well suited for the products that we offer. Importantly both markets offer opportunities for growth. We are fortunate that in the process of growing our business we have the privilege of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people worldwide. Now I will turn the program back over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. And now in the interest of time, we are going to start taking calls. Could I have the first question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner: Good morning, thank you. I would like to try and get some more color on reinsurance deal. Those announced in the quarter is part of your capital management plan. I guess first, just to understand how this may have differed from the previous two deals in regard to subject matter risk that's covered, if it's with a different reinsurance partner. And you noted that there is a recapture almost immediately. So, can we take that last piece to mean that this is less expensive than the previous two deals?
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss Cloninger, I will handle that. The substance of the reinsurance agreement was materially the same as the two previous transactions we did they involve blocks of our enforced medical insurance that had demonstrated financial characteristics in the like. It was done with a different reinsurer. The previous agreements had been done with the Swiss re, this was done with Munich. We had been talking with several reinsurance partners and we wanted to expand our track record of business relationships and so we did that. The retrocession was similar in substance to the previous retrocession we did and the second tranche was Swiss re but it was a higher amount. It was 90% of the block in the set of 50% that we did in the second deal. Accordingly, there will be a lower net cost to Aflac on a consolidated basis than there was in the previous transaction.
Randy Binner: Just two follow-ups, one, we can think of it economically the ¥430 billion has been kind of freed up, I just want to clarify that. And also if you can give us color of how many more of these transactions we can expect? Our view is been that there is a lot of capacity for a series of transaction that free up more of the capital reserve differential between Japan and the U.S but would like to understand how many more of these are house systematic these maybe?
Kriss Cloninger: Well let me first say that, we do have additional capacity. We are always primarily interested in making sure there are policyholders in Japan are protected it at a very higher level freeing up some of the FSA basis reserve allows us to increase our solvency margin in Japan as a first step that gives us more security that we will able to perform with response to our policyholder obligations. We do have significant capacity remaining. I believe and we haven't gotten a specific plan. We don't have a specific plan for additional transactions but I think that we will talk about that in some more depth in our upcoming financial analyst briefing in May when we talk about sources and uses of capital. I think you can anticipate that there will be more transactions each. We have been taking this as one step at a time, the very first transaction we did we did to increase the SMR to reduce the exposure we had to volatility and interest rates and currency in the like. The second one we did to achieve the same objective to reduce cost and then the first retrocession deal. And this third one has essentially the same objectives in the initial transaction that are to further reduce cost through the reinsurance of the retrocession. So, I think we will give you more color at FAB in May.
Randy Binner: All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Nigel Daily of Morgan Stanly.
Nigel Daily: Great, thanks, and good morning. Sticking with capital, given the sizeable repatriation seems like you could easily do more buybacks in the current guidance. First question, what's holding you back from increasing your buyback guidance?
Dan Amos: Doing the additional reinsurance deal does increase our financial flexibility going forward and as I said, we will talk more about our capital uses plan at FAB meeting. I think it is just fair to say Nigel and response to that we do have more flexibility but at this point we are early in the year. We had a target for repurchase in 2015 of a 1.3 billion. We are going to stick with that things are still bit early and so we will give you more color on that in May.
Nigel Daily: And then just a follow-up on the reinsurance transaction. You mentioned it to be low in net cost given the higher retrocession. Can you quantify what that net cost will be?
Dan Amos: In terms of cents per share it has to - 
Ken Janke: Nigel, this is Ken. With tranches 1 and 2, we were looking at an annual run rate about $0.07 per share that would be reduced by about 10 years so from the retrocession of half of tranche 2. Given the size of the retrocession with tranche 3 with the most recent transaction, we don’t look at it as materially impacting the net cost of the program in the short run. So, when you think about an EPS drag for instance, for calendar '15, it's still going to be maybe in that $0.05 to $0.06 per share for the first three tranches, for the full year of this year, so total marginal net comps for the transaction.
Nigel Daily: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Jimmy Bullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bullar: Hi, first had question on your EPS guidance, so I’m little surprised that you left the guidance unchanged at 2% to 7%, since you are going to have the $0.07 reduction in your interest expense. I’m wondering if that this year and then obviously next year that should be around 10%, so I’m wondering if that is part of your guidance and if it isn’t, is there anything else that you see as a potential headwind that would offset the benefit of that and then secondly on Japan sales, even if sales sustain at sort of the recent level that they’ve been, it seems like your guidance at least through the first three quarters of the year for the 15% increase, is somewhat conservative. So just wondering why sales wouldn’t sustain, they’re right now, like I’d assume that you would probably get more production from the Japan post as you keep adding additional granted.
Dan Amos: Jimmy, let me start with the EPS guidance and to address that and then will address the Japan sales guidance. We gave you a pretty wide range; I consider 2% to 7% increase in EPS on a currency neutral basis to be a fairly wide range.  We do wide ranges because we know that some things are going to go well, some things aren’t going to go quite as well and we’re always working at activities that will move us up in the range. So clearly taking advantage of the opportunity to redeem those high interest expense senior notes $850 million of senior notes that had a 8.5% coupon, will benefit us going forward. That wasn’t directly reflected in the original EPS guidance but again it’s too early in the year to say that we’re going to narrow the range at this point that we initially established. Clearly that particular transaction will increase our certainty that will be able to perform within that range and certainly it adds to our ability to perform more strongly than we originally anticipated but that’s as far as I am willing to go at the moment. Now let’s turn to Ken.
Ken Janke: Let Yamauchi or Paul take that.
Dan Amos: On the Japan sales guidance, okay.
Paul Amos: This is Paul I’ll start and if Yamauchi wants to add additional comment, I will let him do so, First of all, you’re correct that we’ve had strong sales in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year and we feel that the markets desire for our new cancer plant has been extremely strong.  And as we noted in the previous call, we are expecting the first three quarters of this year to be strong with a 15% growth over those three quarters. At this point we’re not changing that number if we see sales continue to go extremely strong to the end of the second quarter we will at the time talk about any kind of revision but given the size of the fourth quarter of 2014 and hurtle that is to overcome, I’m hesitant yet to talk about any changes in annual sales guidance but I have to say overall, I’m very pleased with the sales, not only through Japan post but across the board.  All of our channels have been extremely receptive, I do however believe there are many things we are doing to continue to increase our long-term sales, anytime we announced new product announcements things of that nature. There can be an adverse impact to short term sales in a 13 week period and so as we move further into the year, there are things that may not necessarily cause us to perform at the same optimum level we’re performing at today. But we’ll still achieve excellent results and so we’re very excited about where it’s going to go forward from here. Anything you want to add? That is good, I think we are good.
Jimmy Bullar: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Seth Weiss, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss: Hi, good morning. Thank you. If I could ask another question on the capital and proceeds results released from the reinsurance transaction, so the reinsurance deals releases JPY130 billion so, call it JPY80 billion to JPY90 billion after tax, you increase your repatriation plan by JPY30 billion to JPY50 billion, so can you help us think about the plan for that remaining JPY40 billion that gets released from the reinsurance deal that will suppose we stay in the Japan entity?
Dan Amos: And I don’t know, Ken you want to add any color on that, we did this additional reinsurance transaction, we increase the anticipated repatriation some that’s it’s not really one for one deal but, it’s directionally proactive in equivalent. We reevaluated the whole scenario as far as repatriation in the like in the JPY200 billion is our best estimate and what’s provided for in our FSA financials as of March 31, 2015. So that is the color I’m able to provide, in a portion of it said its provisioned for potentially future type profit transfers and the portion would support the current SMR that we have in Japan, so we’ve got a lot of flexibility.
Seth Weiss: Okay, great. Thanks. And on the earnings side I understand there is very little net impact just for the case of our models, is there should we think about a transferring of earnings from the Japan entity to the U.S. entity and if you could give us any quantification of that that would be helpful. 
Dan Amos: Well, that’s what the repatriation is the JPY200 billion as a transfer from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S. within the insurance entity then question remains how much of that would be dividend to the parent. But the JPY200 billion is the transfer from Japan to the U.S.
Seth Weiss: And so, I made have been unclear, I mean on the earnings standpoint thinking about the retrocession specifically which I believe goes to the CAIC entity in…
Dan Amos: Right. Okay. Well I earlier commented that there is very little marginal effect on EPS of this transaction because it was 90% retroceded in terms of the cost, we do report the full cost in the Aflac Japan segment and the benefit of the retrocession will come through in our financial reporting identified in the so called other segment, we didn’t included in the Aflac U.S. segment because it wasn’t really an Aflac U.S. transaction but the net cost through corporate will be reflected in the consolidated financials. I’m not sure, I’m totally answering your question but.
Seth Weiss: Yes, it just comes to try to look at Aflac Japan in a year-over-year basis, apples-to-apples so thinking about how much earnings maybe loss there in transferring into other, just we can get better view of underlying growth in that entity if you want to strip out earnings which is essentially being transferred to other. Thanks.
Robin Wilkey: This is Robin, let me just say especially for those may not have reviewed the statistical supplement and detail, we made two major changes to the statistical supplement and one of them is on page 21, we broke out the impact on both premium and on benefits for premiums, gross versus premium seeded and we went back from the first tranche. So that you will be able to see trend on this and it should help you model on a go forward basis, so we did extend the information that we’re giving you on that and so if you have to look at that will be glad to talk you through that also following the call if you would like to. The second thing I would mention while we’re added, the second change we’ve made in the statistical supplement and as you’re all know we make it in the first quarter of the year, so that we do not have any partial year anomalies occur, we enhanced what we think is the reporting of the persistency modeling in the U.S. it now includes CAIC and additionally it is on a rolling 12 month basis versus taking each quarter to-date in annualizing that number. So we found and talking some analyst that was a better understood metric and it caused us to eliminate be able to eliminate some of those anomalies especially as you annualized first quarter which really didn’t give you much of an idea of the trend in persistency. I apologize, I want to make it statement on page, yes it was 22 where you can find that break out of that seeded and then 21 on the seeded in gross premium.
Dan Amos: And I don’t have the net profit impact directly in front of me but as our call and I’m going to talking to my internal team here is the net effect on Japan P&L was approximately $5 million for the quarter and try to add about $5 million for the three transactions combined and as I said that will okay that will show up in the Japan segment as gross number and then the retrocession effect will show up in the other segment but the impact on consolidated P&L ought to be probably less than a $1 million for that third transaction, third tranche. 
Seth Weiss: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Eric Bass of Citigroup.
Eric Bass: Good morning. Thank you, just can you talk about the trends in U.S. recruiting in the incentives you put in place try to increase the agent force, I guess the given the changes that you made on the middle of last year and the increase commission payments and the little surprise that recruiting hasn’t accelerated in recent quarters?
Teresa White: This is Teresa, so I will answer that. First let me explain the recruited agent metric, the metric includes though career agent recruits as well as broker recruits, so as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we did expect disruption in the number as we started consolidation of that broker organization and we redirected a lot of their efforts at least in the short term to focus on existing broker relationship. So we did really good job at recruiting brokers but what we wanted to do was enhanced relationships and obviously helped to increase penetration with regard to Aflac business. So even with this results are not acceptable, we know that we have to have a marked improvement in the long-term but it’s important to know that the changes that we’ve made is that are really driving the operation to one side of the operation to look at career recruiting and the other side of the operation to focus on broker recruiting and developing of those relationships.
Eric Bass: Got it. And I guess how do you think about the sales growth pattern for the U.S. and given the I guess relatively flat producing agent levels on kind of the traditional channels do you expect to see material growth from that channel over the next quarter or most of kind of the year-over-year growth come in the fourth quarter, when you see the higher group sales?
Teresa White: So as we start increasing the volume of group product, we do anticipate that more of the sales skewed toward the fourth quarter and that’s just kind of a natural progression as you increase your sales and with brokers in the group markets. So we do see a skew towards the fourth quarter with sales growth.
Eric Bass: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Steven Schwartz, Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: Hi, the couple questions Teresa just to follow-up on that and anything you can say with regards to progress with the alphabet brokerages would be appreciated?
Teresa White: Certainly we are seeing progress with many of the large brokerage houses and matter fact, they’re moving in our top, they’re in our top five now and before as far as production, sales production and before we couldn’t say that. We were seeing marginal improvements but now they’ve moved in our top five as far as sales growth, so we are seeing tremendous improvement there, obviously we continue to work with each of those brokers houses and we’ve now created an organization, I think that will help us to further enhance relationships in those brokerage houses as well as other relationships with regard to regional and large scale brokers.
Dan Amos: And let me say one thing. Because the number is so big, our general, our associates are agents that work for us on writing accounts of hundred or less. We must maintain continued stability there. We do have growth there and so this has been an evolution as we are going through this process of trying to add on brokers while protecting and building our existing field force and that’s been a real challenge for us. But it’s under Teresa’s leadership it is doing very well and I’m very encouraged about that and I think long-term these decisions that we’ve made have been the right ones. I will make one comment about recruiting and that is that we’ve made so many changes from a production perspective that there is a lot going on and so all of it is tying together. I like the one day pay. I like that we have set it up in a way that these people are important market directors will do very well as the company does very well and they won’t if we don’t.  So, I think it’s all working nicely together and as I said in my comments, I’m not willing to declare victory but it’s certainly going the direction. I would like it to go faster as Teresa would but it’s still moving in the right directions of what we ultimately want to accomplish. I did find it interesting with all the changes, we make that we did not lose any market directors and so there is probably a few that will change out that if they don’t as well, they won’t make as much and they may retire or whatever. So there is still some changes probably to take place but all in all, I think we’re going down the path that it’s going to prove that it’s working the right way. It’s just a question of how fast it’s working.
Steven Schwartz: Yeah. And as a follow up part of what I think I heard you say at least at the beginning when you started talking. You didn’t say in so many words but that try and keep the career agents in a sense where they belong at smaller accounts under 100 people is continuing and is working.
Dan Amos: Yeah. We’re paying more to write there. So it’s been an enhancement of moving them in that direction but paying because that’s where they are most effective. And it is also the least area of competition.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then just an accounting question. I don’t know Kriss if you know this answer or not but given the retrocession back to the U.S. is there any increase in the deferred profit liability?
Dan Amos: You’re talking GAAP, not statutory.
Steven Schwartz: Yes I am talking about GAAP.
Dan Amos: Okay.
Steven Schwartz: Or is it any 10% I guess there is a difference.
Dan Amos: Well, the retrocession would be proportion of the direct transaction. And we do use on a well on a GAAP basis, it’s we use deferred profit liability to minimize any profit recognition effect. So - 
Steven Schwartz: So it would be right in Japan? I guess
Dan Amos: Yes in Japan.
Steven Schwartz: But not in other, okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Wanted to ask Eric a question in terms of the new money yield in Japan. It was only 1.1% this quarter. I think the plan for the year is two. Can you comment on why it looks like you pretty much just invested in [indiscernible] quarter. Is that just a timing issue? And then second question related to that for Kriss and I appreciate that first sector sales fell lot, but there is still north of 20% of your Japan sales for the quarter at terms of ways in endowment. Are you actually making a profit for those products earning 1.1%?
Eric Kirsch: Thanks Tom. This is Eric and I will go first and thanks for asking that question because I know it sticks out a little bit but the short answer and the simple answer is our cash flows for the first quarter were insignificant and that was primarily in all plans for because as you know we have increased the frequency of repatriation, we had tax payments, so the amount of money we had to invest was inconsequential and not reflective at all of our strategic asset allocation. We do expect in the second quarter our cash flows to be relatively low as well but in the second half of the year they will pick up and our new money yields at that point will reflect the types of investments new starts making whether those be in dollars or other products but for the first quarter it was just simply and inconsequential amount of new money.
Tom Gallagher: And Eric when you say inconsequential would that be less than 10% of the money you expect to invest in the year is it a way you could quantify?
Eric Kirsch: Yes actually it was about 4.5%, 5% of the total new money for the whole year. So it really is back ended in the second half of the year.
Tom Gallagher: Got it.
Dan Amos: And Tom on your question about profitability of first sector business [indiscernible] ways we are still writing. Those are profitable at the anticipated annual investment yield of about 2% recall that reserving was reduced to 1% FSA in first assumption and we reprice the products with networks assumptions of around 1.25%. So we still we would have a positive spread in our anticipated yield for the year if we looked at first quarter only of 1.1% now it is pretty marginal. There are sources of province other than interest spread but for the quarter itself the closer to break even and profitable in that first sector business but keep in mind we’re writing the first sector business primarily is in accommodation to keep distribution alive and maintain relationships primarily with the banks. So to some extent first sector business today is in the accommodation and we do have caps on total production to try to mitigate the lower anticipated profit opportunities at these low interest rates.
Tom Gallagher: Yes, Paul Amos, do you want to make any comments about that?
Paul Amos: I would be glad to our exclusive agencies have continued to be obviously dedicated to Aflac and all of its products. As a result we continue to allow those exclusive agencies to offer not only our third sector products but in order to be competitive in the marketplace, they do still offer certain levels of our first sector products. In terms of the other channels as Kriss mentioned we are holding back and putting in caps for certain areas in certain channels in terms of the total sales. I think this meets our objectives, we obviously talk about caps on an annual basis and so we continue to look at them and how that will be affected throughout the remainder of the year as the sales reach those caps.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then that's all helpful guys, just one final question if I could the - 
Paul Amos: I would have Hiroshi Yamauchi very quickly here.
Hiroshi Yamauchi: [Foreign Language]
Robin Wilkey: So basically what Paul has said is absolutely correct and for agencies to be selling the first sector product - 
Paul Amos: We can’t hear you?
Dan Amos: It is not clear.
Paul Amos: It is not clear, do it the way you are just talking.
Robin Wilkey: As Paul had mentioned the third sector product revenue by our agency and in order for them to do so the first sector product entity is - we are capping the first sector and for our customers that is needed in order for to retain the customers that is selling to be purchasing the third sector product.
Paul Amos: But all of that are in our numbers that we with our earnings per share guidance that we have given, all of that is taken into account and there is nothing there that we are shocked about going forward.
Tom Gallagher: That is clear, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Eric Berg of RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg: Thanks very much. My first question is for Dan or for Kriss, well I certainly understand value appreciate what you are doing on the capital accounts side of things with the reinsurance and repatriation and so forth and related share repurchase, I can have noticed in your business in Japan on a constant currency basis is reporting lower earnings, your profits are down this year on a constant currency basis and then right it is not the Yen, my question is when you expect to start seeing the earnings, not the earnings per share but the earnings of your business in Japan growing and relatively, what would you view at this point in history of the company as the sustainable growth rate if you consider the long term sustainable growth rate of your Japan business?
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss. I will take the first shot at that and if Dan wants to supplement, he can. First regarding first quarter Japan operating results we were down little bit on the currency neutral basis. We had better well lower benefit ratios last year in the first quarter than we had this year but that was primarily due to the order of magnitude of claim reserve adjustments. Last year we had a some release of claim reserves to get us down to the high end of the range that our auditors like to see in last year we had a larger release than we have this year. We did have some release this year but again we maintain conservative claim reserves I believe and we try to be within the range that auditors independently recalculate in. So we just have it is really more difficult comparison so to speak earnings first quarter of 2015 versus 2014, overall I would say that we have the headwinds primarily of low interest rates somewhat at lower cash flows in the like impacting our operating earnings in Japan in keep in mind our margins in Japan are the highest in the industry and we really don’t anticipate that they will increase significantly. We have got bit of a mix shift going own sale between first and third sector and even though first sector sales are down relative to where they had been as previously pointed out, there is still significant and we are still having a larger proportion of our overall premium income associated with first sector products as the business continues to earn out on the premium thing basis. Long term growth rates Eric the way outlook added is it at least related to third sector business, the medical and cancer, I will relate our fundamental business to the level of healthcare expenditures in the country and in Japan we anticipate the level of healthcare expenditures will continue to increase independent statistics have numbers in the 5% range in our fundamental business in the third sector is to help our policyholders meet their share of the healthcare cost that they have to bear in Japan. Right now under the National Healthcare Program the co-payments are 30% we think those will either remain stable or increase going forward and that might increase our opportunity to further our medical sales. Regarding first sector sales it is going to depend on the trend in interest rates. Right now the profit margin is lower than what we want to have in our portfolio, so we are de-emphasizing the production of first sector business.
Dan Amos: In fact we what we try to make sure of it is they sell a first sector they have to sell the third sector as well and pretty much what I would say Kriss covered especially when it comes to third sector because that is really the way I view our business. The first sector is nothing but an introduction of selling ultimately third sector products and I would like to see a growth rate of 5% in new sales, it gets tougher as the number gets bigger but that is a goal that certainly worthy of us continuing to strive for and no one has got the distribution system we have and so we are always looking for new products and ways to do that. And if we are right now working on another new product which we can’t talk about but we are doing, we will constantly be revamping and then the wildcard as Kriss said is whether or not the co-pay as deductibles go up. I don’t have any reason to think they are tomorrow other than if you look at the issues they are having regarding their budgets, they are continuing to have problems and they have got to find a way to bring down their deficits and with an aging population could there is a much higher likelihood that it is going to continue to go up not down, so I would think there will be more pressure on reviewing and seeing if they want to increase the co-pays and deductibles and if they do that that is a game changer for us.
Kriss Cloninger: One thing Eric you know little advertisement for the FAB meeting I do talk about anticipated margins between first and third sector during FAB speech as you can refer back to our FAB booklet for what our forecast for 2014 to 2016 as far as benefit ratio as expense ratios and profit margins separately for our first and third sector business. And I will update those in May, so I can just tell you right now there is no major change in our margins that we anticipate so that is a bit of a preview but it says lot of our future growth will be related to revenue growth not margin expansion.
Eric Berg: One quick follow up then I will end it there. I have a question too about the reinsurance. I tend to think of the so to speak the cost of reinsurance in a co-insurance you like this one as the amount of premium I mean amount of assets that you have to see invested assets that you have to see to the reinsure in order to be relieved of a certain amount of risk? So I guess my question in order to are you really reducing the cost of the reinsurance or more accurately are you just ensuring significantly less than would be the case if you weren’t retroceding the business?
Kriss Cloninger: Well that is a way to look at it, the retrocession reduces the direct session obviously and so instead of reinsuring 100% of block of business you’ve reinsured 10% of it and accordingly you have 10% of the cost, it is a risk sharing transaction between Aflac Japan and to reinsure and then it is a risk sharing transaction between the reinsurer back to the U.S. subsidiary CISC, that is a legal entity that picks up the retrocession. So clearly their cost transfers but enough to the overall company you are correct, so let me just tell you that we don’t we haven’t had to do asset transfers in this co insurance, the prospective cash flow on the block of business is such that no asset transfer was done in any of the tranches and we just ceded the liability for future claims and exchange for our share of the gross premium. And there is a net cost associated with it. Just to review the very first tranche that we did for capital raising purposes in Japan basically we did it, because that was the lowest cost of capital with any alternative we had. And we reduced the cost or reduced the size of the future tranches, the retrocession. So we are achieving some reserve relief on an FSA basis enhancing our solvency margin, continuing to protect policyholders and the like, but continuing to free up some of or what I sometimes refer to payroll capital so that's an overview.
Eric Berg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question coming from Humphrey Lee of Dowling & Partners.
Humphrey Lee: Good morning, thank you for taking my questions. Just a quick follow on the reinsurance. Kriss mentioned that there will be a additional capacity for the reinsurance, but coming on the appetite like in other words all factors we’ll appreciate if you give you more this year as opposed to doing last this year?
Kriss Cloninger: I think I mentioned on the last conference call, I don’t want to do reinsurance just for the sake of doing reinsurance. I want there to be an appropriate use of capital in order to incur the cost regardless of how small the cost maybe. There's still a capital cost associated with doing the deal and unless we’ve got an appropriate use for the reinsurance, we’re not going to have the appetite. I've covered the uses of capital from the reinsurance we've done so far. We’ve certainly got additional capacity in terms of the blocks of third sector business in Japan. We've certainly got or continue to have an excess of FSA reserves over U.S. statutory reserves on same block and I'm confident that the U.S. statutory reserves were adequate so we believe we've got some opportunity to relieve ourselves as some of the excess reserves. We’re holding on a FSA basis, but there is no point in doing or reassuring reinsurance arrangement unless you have an appropriate use of capital. And again I'll give you some more color on that in May, I don't want to it on this call. But we do have significantly more financial flexibility today after having done the reinsurance and particularly at a lower net cost than we had 18 months ago. So, I think we’re in a much stronger and more flexible financial position having done each of these three transactions and proven we could do it we continue to have reinsurance capacity both from the two companies we’ve done business with so far and we’ve got other parties that continue to knock on our door and ask for opportunity. So we’re happy with where we are.
Humphrey Lee: Thank you for the color. And another question on U.S. side of the business. So the expenses were little bit elevated, I think that's impart because of the condensation structures changes and also some other ongoing issue just going on in the US. How should I think about the kind of excess ratio, the expenses for the quarter that would be considered more for recurring expenses due to the compensation structure change, as oppose to these initiatives going on?
Ken Janke: This is Ken. Let me comment on that, I talked a little bit about that in the fourth quarter when we released our guidance and talked about what went into it. In the first quarter of this year, the added expense from the changes we made to our field for structure was approximately $19.5 million net of capitalization and we expect it to run kind of in the $20 million to $22 million or so, we expected to run around $20 million to $22 million as a run rate for the fourth quarter of this year. So we're little bit lower than in the first quarter than what we would anticipate it but it was again about $19.5 million of additional fixed expense coming from those changes.
Humphrey Lee: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Robin Wilkey: We're coming up to the top of the hour now so we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Yes ma’am. Our last question coming from the line of Suneet Kamath of UBS.
Suneet Kamath: Thanks, good morning. So question on these reinsurance deals. Can you just remind us, does the FSA or U.S. regulators need to approve these transactions?
Ken Janke: We've reviewed the reinsurance transaction with both the FSA and the U.S. regulators. We’ve reviewed both the direct reinsurance agreement and the retrocession agreement with the FSA. Certainly we covered the first tranche with them. With the FSA we approached them, two we approached the FSA with an opportunity to discuss the retrocession arrangement. And they appropriately observed that Aflac Japan was not a party to the retrocession agreement and wondered why we had brought it to their attention. So we apologized and thanked them for their interest. We just wanted to make them aware of the transaction, but yes we’ve covered both aspects of the agreement with the FSA and of course we have covered with the state in Nebraska both on all three tranches and South Carolina with respect to the retrocession. So we’re in good shape on the regulatory relationships and approvals with respect to these transactions.
Dan Amos: Yes, we just want to make sure that we’re not only taking care of the shareholders, but also making sure that we have strong capital position on behalf of the policyholders for Japan. So that’s important to us too. And everyone seems happy at this point.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And my second question is on Japan sales and you’ve talked about on this call and earlier calls sort of the benefit of staying in the first sector area in terms of your ability to sell third sector products. But have you quantified that, in other words if you decided to significantly scale down even incremental to what you’re doing now for sector sales, how big of an impact do you think that would have on your ability to sell third sector products?
Dan Amos: Well, I'll just answer that for the time running out. I think we're safe for this year. We feel very comfortable with the quotas we set and what will take place. As the year goes on and according to what interest rates do, we’ll have to review it, but we're not going to be selling product at losses. So, we'll take it on and figure accordingly, but that's a problem for the industry not just for us. If it's affecting us, it's affecting everyone else in the industry. So, what we've seen in the past is, as interest rates stay down with these lower assumptions, which is ultimately mean rate increase on the premiums. So I would expect if rates continue to stay down, then we probably have right increases on policies going forward and that would help solve part of our problem.
Ken Janke: Let me add one thing and it's not on chattering but I think what will happen is that if the low interest rate environment continues you’ll see a migration way from the asset accumulation element of life insurance contracts or first sector contracts more to the protection element. There is a need for protection in the first sector products. And I think that that will become a larger part of the first sector products that we sell, the pure insurance elements that are still required by policyholders and we may move more to protection product in first sector, but I think we’ll still do first sector. And keep in mind that we sold the first sector products for a long time and we really started to see in spikes in first sector sales probably around 2010 when interest rates started moving the way they did and of course we had to respond to the truly low interest rate environment in 2013. But if you kind of lopped off the spike in our sales, you’ll see that we're about where we were pretty interest rate volatility. So that's about it.
Suneet Kamath: All right. Thank you.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you very much and I will reiterate what Chris said several times that we will be having our Financial Analyst Briefing meeting in May. It will be on May 21, in New York. We hope to see you all there. And please give us a call if we can help you with any of those details and we do have an online registration site. And we appreciate you listening this morning and be sure to give us a call if we can follow-up with anything. Thank you very much. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. And that conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey – SVP, Investor and Rating Agency Relations Daniel P. Amos – Chairman and CEO, Aflac and Aflac Incorporated Teresa L. White – President, Aflac U.S. Kriss Cloninger – President, CFO and Treasurer, Aflac Incorporated  Paul S. Amos – President, Aflac Hiroshi Yamauchi – President and COO, Aflac Japan Kenneth S. Janke – EVP and Deputy CFO, Aflac Incorporated Eric M. Kirsch – EVP and Global CIO
Analysts: Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Ryan Krueger - KBW Erik Bass - Citigroup Unidentified Analyst - 
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. You may begin.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Ken Janke, President of Aflac U.S., Executive Vice President, and Deputy CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer, and also joining us from Tokyo are Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac, Japan. Before we start, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our fourth quarter release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and year as well as our operations in Japan. I will follow up and then we will take your questions afterwards. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos: Thanks Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me start off by saying that the final quarter of 2014 concluded another good year for Aflac. I am excited about the incredibly strong fourth quarter sales results in both the United States and Japan and on top of that we have finished the year at the high end of our expectations for operating earnings per share growth.  Let me begin with some highlights related to the Japanese operations. Aflac Japan's impressive 28.5% increase in third sector sales in the final quarter of 2014 is particularly remarkable to me considering the significant growth follows two years of excellent sales results in the fourth quarter. Sales of cancer insurance surged following the launch of the new cancer WAYS [ph] product which also included an exclusive product sold by Japan Post. Cancer insurance sales through all distribution outlets were up an outstanding 176% for the quarter. This dramatic increase in cancer insurance sales was critical to Aflac Japan reaching the high end of the 2% to 7% annual target.  On the distribution side, our traditional agencies have been and remain key to our success. Additionally I consider our strategic alliance with Japan Post to be enormously advantageous. This alliance merges the broad consumer access of Japan Post with Japan Aflac's status of an industry leader of cancer insurance. Tremendous progress has been made in increasing the number of postal outlets that offer our cancer insurance to our customers. I would remind you that Japan Post has the largest distribution network in Japan. I believe Aflac Japan and Japan Post will continue to be mutually beneficial as we make cancer insurance available to more and more Japanese consumers. Our goal is to have a presence in all the outlets where consumers want to make their insurance purchase decisions.  In Japan, I think about sales for a 12 month period from October 1st, 2014 through September 30th, 2015. For the nine months of 2015, we project a 15% increase in third sector sales. When you add the 28% increase from the fourth quarter we could be close to a 20% increase over the rolling 12 month period. Please note that this 12 months rolling period will be the biggest third sector increase in more than 10 years. We are reviewing fourth quarter sales and the difficult comparisons it will experience in 2015. At this point we believe sales for the fourth quarter could be down sharply but as always we will be working to find ways to minimize that decline. At the end of the second quarter we will have more insight and will give you additional guidance on the fourth quarter.  Aflac Japan has also performed extremely well in the fourth quarter with $454 million in new sales or 14.1% increase exceeding our expectations. The strong fourth quarter sales drove our total new sales to 1.4 billion which is approximately 1% increase. Which also significantly exceeded our most recent sales expectations for the year. I believe the changes we made to our sales organization in the third quarter are showing promising results but I am not willing to say yet that the sales have turned around until I see the first half sales results in 2015. Saying that I am still encouraged and I believe we should be or have an increase of somewhere between 3% to 7% with a target of 5%.  I also want to mention that we have a ground breaking new marketing campaign that I mentioned on CNBC this morning. We’re kicking it off at the Grammy’s on Sunday. And on E-Entertainment channel, the preshow the Aflac Duck will be the first ever advertising icon to walk the red carpet. During the Grammy’s, a new commercial will feature the Aflac Duck but it will focus on one day pay, which highlights our new accelerated claims payments. One day pay is an industry first that allows us to process, approve, and pay in just one day, which would be about 70% of our eligible claims.  Through one day pay we expect to pay more than a million claims in 2015. I hope you all get a chance to see the commercial and the campaign. I am very excited about it and I think it will set us apart in the industry thus increasing our sales. You can also go to our website and see more about it.  Having covered operations let me turn to a topic on those top of mind with our shareholders and that’s capital deployment. I believe dividends are our important components of the value we provide to investors. In 2014, our capital strength enabled us to increase our cash dividend to shareholders in the fourth quarter for the 32nd consecutive year. Our objective is to grow the dividend at the rate it’s generally in line with the earnings per share growth before the impact of the yen.  Additionally we believe that share repurchase should continue to be the largest component of our capital deployment. I am very pleased that in 2015 we plan to repurchase $1.3 billion of shares which exceeds the 2014 repurchase. As we’ve said for many years, when it comes to deploying capital for the benefit of our shareholders we still believe that repurchasing of our shares and growing the cash dividend are the most attractive means and those are the avenues we will continue to pursue.  Let me reiterate what I said in the press release last night. I am very pleased that we ended the year with our operating earnings per share at the high end of the 2014 estimate. And although the results creates a tougher comparison when we look at 2015, our objective remains to grow 2015 operating earnings per diluted share before the currency at the 2% to 7% range. Because overall financial markets are currently very challenging and interest rates are at significantly depressed levels, it’s difficult to invest cash flows at attractive yields. Therefore we will be very disciplined in selling per sector products in Japan which will reduce cash flows to investments.  I will also remind you that the progression of this year’s benefit ratios in both the United States and Japan which have seen favorable trends could also have significant impact on our results. As always we are working very hard to achieve our earnings per share objectives while also ensuring we deliver on our promise to our policy holders. Just let me in by saying how proud I am of the how hard our people in both Japan and the United States have worked to pull out such phenomenal fourth quarter results. Everyone involved has been relentless and disciplined in their pursuit of excellence.  I am also pleased with Aflac’s position in Japan and the United States, the two largest insurance markets in the world. First and foremost, we are focused on protecting our policy holders and providing value to our investors. We are fortunate that in the process of doing so we have the privilege of providing financial protection to over 50 million people worldwide. Now I will turn the program back over to Robin, Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you Dan. We now run on a tight time frame this morning and we will have to end sharply at 10 o'clock. So in lieu of the numbers I normally give, we are going to go straight to Q&A. But please remember that we are available in the office for any specific numbers that you want to get following the call. So we will start now with our first question please. 
Operator: Alright, thank you and our first question is from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. 
Nigel Dally: Right, thanks and good morning. In the U.S. clearly encouraging sales, but the one area that was somewhat weak was recruiting. So two part question, what was causing the pressures and what initiatives do you have in place to turn that around?
Teresa White: Nigel, this is Teresa White. In the U.S. we actually expected a slight decline in recruiting. As you are aware, recruiting includes the career recruit and broker recruit. So as we made changes to our model that we spoke about six months ago, we realized that what we wanted to do is focus on broker productivity, so really managing the relationship with the broker. So we are looking up the quality of that relationship versus the quantity of recruits from a broker perspective. However on the career side, we are continuing to work with our sales organization to increase the recruits in sales. But we did expect a slight decline in recruits this year in 2014. 
Nigel Dally: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Randy Binner of FBR Capital. Mr. Binner if you are on mute please unmute. And we will go on to Steven Schwartz, Raymond James and Associates. 
Steven Schwartz: Hey, good morning everybody. Can you hear me. 
Daniel P. Amos: Yes, we can. 
Steven Schwartz: Okay, great. Dan, I want to talk about kind of your fourth quarter 2015 thing in Japan. It looks like the fourth quarter cancer sales were driven by affiliated corporate agencies which I believe is where Japan Post is located in terms of your financial statements and I don’t think there is any particular reason for non-Japan Post affiliated corporate agencies to really have surged in the quarter. So I guess I am interested in your worries with regards to 4Q 2015, I mean I understand being conservative and all but are you indicating maybe that Japan Post is kind of one in dime like maybe Dai Ichi or the banks where they pick up the low hanging fruit and then they are pretty much done and the growth is over?
Daniel P. Amos: No, I am not. But I just want to say, the increase again [Technical Difficulty] cancer sales were broad based. There is no question that Japan Post was significant but let me just say that it is the best increase in cancer sales in our existing channel that would probably add in, I can't remember how many years. So, I will let -- Kriss want to say something. 
Kriss Cloninger: I just want to point out Steven that it is the growth rate in the fourth quarter that we are more concerned about, it is the comparison not the absolute value. Japan can comment and affirm it but I believe that the projected sales in absolute terms or similar in the fourth quarter is to what they were, would be in the previous couple of quarters. And it is just the growth rate that will decline. So I want to clarify that. Now Paul or anybody else in Japan might want to elaborate. 
Paul S. Amos: Yes, first of all I would like to say that Dan and Kriss are correct that our channeled growth was across the board. While Japan Post was significant and provided significant growth around our cancer plan, we also saw significant growth not only in the corporate affiliated agencies but also with our independent agencies as well as our associates and all channels across the board. So we feel confident that, that growth was not about a single channel but about a broader environment where the Japanese consumers saw the need for our cancer product. We believe that will continue, thus our 15% increase projected over the next three quarters.  As Kriss mentioned, he is correct, sequentially the numbers will remain the same as the rate of growth that we believe will really drop off in the fourth quarter. That said it’s very difficult to tell this far out with all of the different things that we are monitoring how that’s going to go. But, the outstanding fourth quarter that happened here in Japan happened due to a consorted effort by our sales team. It capped off on incredible career for Tohru Tonoike as our President who had everyone aligned and ready to execute. And we’ve just gone through a wonderful succession here at Aflac Japan with Hiroshi Yamauchi coming on as the President. And I’d like to just let him make a quick comment before we turn it back over. 
Hiroshi Yamauchi: Good morning. I am Hiroshi Yamauchi. As you know I assumed the position of President and COO of Aflac Japan as of January 1st this year. I joined Aflac Japan in 1976 as a member of the first group of new [indiscernible]. For the first 39 years including one year in Columbus I have been advancing my career with Aflac Japan’s growth. Some of you may recall my name since I have given presentations in the Financial Alliance Briefing before. I look forward to seeing you all at the Alliance Meeting in May. Thank you. 
Steven Schwartz: Hey Paul, if I may one follow up. One day pay in Japan, is that a possibility I would think with the mis-selling stuff that’s going on in the past this could be a really big thing?
Paul S. Amos: We are acutely focused on what our customer wants here in Japan and currently we believe our payment of claims in Japan is the fastest among all of the competitors that we have here in Japan. So while we are not doing the one day pay, we do believe we are ahead of the competition in terms of claim payment and we constantly monitor what our consumers want and if we deem that is where we want to go we would consider doing it. 
Steven Schwartz: Okay, thank you guys. 
Operator: Our next question is from Randy Binner, FBR Capital.
Randy Binner : Hey, great. Good morning. I wanted to talk about the reinsurance, the retro that happened at the end of the year. Two part question; one is can you explain how the economics of that work and how that may have offset the upfront cost of the most recent reinsurance deal? And then secondly I am kind of interested in the outlook for you to do more deals and potentially more retrocessions back to -- I assume the retrocession was back to the Nebraska sub, thanks?
Daniel P. Amos: Let me start on that and Kriss may want to add something. We did execute an agreement to retrocede 50% of the second tranche. You recall that the second tranche released about 55 billion yen of FSA based reserves and that was executed on October 1st of last year. And so then we retroceded roughly half of that to actually our company that is domiciled in Columbia, South Carolina, CAIC or Aflac Group. And it effectively serves as an offset to the cost that we incurred for the reinsurance. So we’ll pick up about $8 million or about a penny a share in this year from the retrocession which will reduce the cost of the second tranche which was probably around $0.025 a share still annualized.  As far as the extent to which we might do this going forward, as I indicated at the analyst meeting we conducted in Tokyo last September, we are working on a multiyear capital plan, we are building out the framework for that plan and should be able to discuss more details at the Analyst Meeting in May. But I’ll tell you we have been pleased with the reinsurance agreements we’ve executed. It’s an effective -- efficient and effective tool for us to use to release FSA based capital and we found that the retrocession is also a tool that we can use to try and minimize some of the cost of that transaction. So those are things that we’ll consider as we go forward and build out our plan. 
Kriss Cloninger: The only thing I’d add is that technically we said we retroceded, we Aflac Japan ceded a block of business to Swiss re and Swiss Re retroceded to our South Carolina company. It’s an independent risk sharing transaction, it’s a two legged transaction in Japan. Aflac Japan doesn’t have anything to do with the retrocession. It doesn’t impact their financials in anyway, they weren’t involved in the transaction at all. The retrocession transaction was arranged between Aflac Incorporated and Swiss Re with an Aflac Incorporated subsidiary. So, just to clarify the technicalities of that. 
Randy Binner: And I guess just two quick follow ups, so why the assumption or the implication there would that Japan FSA is comfortable with this and further deals? And then the other one is just any characterization you can give us on the kind of slower activity or interest you are getting from some of the global reinsurers?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, the FSA recognizes that there is no arrangement between Aflac Japan and the retrocession arrangement at all. That's solely between the assuming party from the Aflac Japan Reinsurance and Aflac Incorporated through the South Carolina subsidiary. So, the FSA recognizes Aflac Japan is not party to the retrocession, therefore they aren’t involved in it. So that's no problem. Remind me what the second part of the question was. 
Kriss Cloninger: The interest among reinsurers. 
Daniel P. Amos: Oh, well there are significant interest among reinsurers. This reinsurance is a very competitive market. There are a number of companies that took notice of the first tranche that we arranged with Swiss Re. We have had a number of calls, we have talked to some others. Swiss Re is an important partner to us but we are talking with some others just to test the market and the waters and we believe we will have relationships with multiple reinsurers as a possibility going forward.
Randy Binner: Alright, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar, Deutsche Bank. 
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody. Just a couple of questions, first just looking at the sales growth momentum some are up here in growth and even the retrocession, is there any expectation now that EPS growth year-over-year will not necessarily come in at the lower end of the guidance range?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, this is Kriss. I will say that -- you have heard me say in prior years there are a lot of moving parts to our earnings estimates. And clearly we are in recognition of the fact that the historically low interest rate environment is a headwind to us both in new sales in Japan. We don’t want to sell products that don’t have appealing profit margins and at today's yen denominated interest rates it is hard to get an appealing profit margin on our first sector sale.  We have been doing some alternative investment strategies to mitigate that and we will continue to pursue those alternative investment strategies for the business we do sell. But the fact of the matter is that new sales will be a drag, first sector sales will be a drag a bit. The ability to invest current cash flows at attractive investment yields is a challenge. Eric can talk to that if appropriate. And then you get to the benefit side of things.  We benefited from a decline in benefit ratios for a number of years now and the way we do our earnings estimates, we take a look at where we are today. We tend not to anticipate any further improvement in a step to be conservative. We have experienced improvements and therefore we have been able to be in the mid to high end of the earnings range for the last several years.  In 2015 if we continue to get improvement, it will move us towards the high-end of the range. If things stay about the same, then we will probably stay in the mid part of the range. If things deteriorate a bit, in terms of no additional improvement or some modest deterioration, things might move towards the low end of the range. But that's why we have got a range. It is just a lot of moving parts and we don’t have a lot more insight, well we don’t have total insight into that. So, that is why we give a range. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my second question is going back to the third sector of sales. So if you use kind of the guidance that was offered last night of 15% growth for the first three quarters of the year and then sounds like you’re basically expecting a similar absolute number of sales in the fourth quarter, ultimately I get to about 2% growth for the full year and third sector sales which is still at the low end of the guidance range both in 2014. So I am sorry to be -- to push on what seems like a good sales quarter at the end of the day. So I guess I am so much surprised that would Japan progress with the deal or partnership and with the new cancer product out in the market that we wouldn’t see more robust growth over the full year?
Daniel P. Amos: Of course we don’t know what the fourth quarter will be at this particular point. As I said in my numbers, I looked at it for the last -- the rolling 12 months and I think they are going to be close to 20% and the fourth quarter will give you more insight at the end of the second quarter. But at this particular time, we are still unsure anytime. We feel confident with what our existing channels will do but how we roll out and the way they roll out with Post is just too early to tell. So we’re not willing to go out at this particular point and give a number but we will at the end of the second quarter where we got more information. It’s not something we control. It is kind like Dai Ichi Life when we had them. We have to wait and see, but I would say we are still optimistic about our relationship with Japan Post because it’s been an outstanding relationship with them. And no one else has got anything like this and we are going to continue to grow it and work on it. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jimmy Bhullar, JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So I’ll just ask given the confusion on sales, so maybe if you could talk about just the ramp up in sales via the Japan Post, obviously the growth rate should slow down from the recent pace, but do you expect the absolute amount to continue to go up through 2015 and then I have couple of other questions that I’ve written down?
Paul S. Amos: This is Paul. Unfortunately we are not allowed to disclose the specifics around the sales for Japan Post or the projections for Japan Post. What I can tell you is that we are at three prong approach to our overall success within our partnership with Japan Post. Number one, we wanted to expand to the number of post offices which equaled number of 10,000 through end of last year. Beginning in October we wanted to expand selling through combo the Japan Post Insurance Company and we also wanted to make sure that we offered a new product that was exclusive to the Japan Post network. We’ve been successful in achieving all three of those and we know that we are going to continue to expand the number of post offices overtime as that is the objective of the overall relationship. And we believe the combination of the additional product for just a pay and post along with the expanded number of post offices will continue to allow us to foster growth in that relationship and access new customers that we would not have been able to access otherwise. So I am in no way pessimistic about the relationship but we cannot go into specifics around a numbers or the projections. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Sure. And then on the U.S. business, the expenses are obviously elevated in the fourth quarter. Could you discuss what the or quantify what the expenses related to the U.S. sales force restructuring were and what your expectation is for that number as you, should the expenses remain elevated as you go through 2015?
Kenneth S. Janke: Jimmy, this is Ken. In the fourth quarter we had about 26 million hit the U.S. P&L, excuse me, that’s for the full year. There is about a million in the third quarter so about 25 million in the fourth quarter. For 2015 we expect it to be around 88 million for the full year fairly evenly spread on a quarterly basis in the $21 million to $22 million range net of capitalization that would run to the U.S. segment. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, that’s helpful and lastly if you could just comment on capacity and/or likelihood of additional reinsurance fields you talked a little bit in response to previous question but are you still actively pursuing additional deals, reinsurance deals…?
Kriss Cloninger : This is Kriss. I will take that. First of all let me say that these increased expenses in the U.S. are built into the projections. We had a pretty good estimate of them and they are cranked in there, so -- and they are predicated on a 5% sales increase for the year, which is our objective. Okay, that is why as far as our capacity and interest and additional reinsurance, that is going to be dictated by our capital management planning. We are taking a more comprehensive approach to doing capital management planning including identifying potential uses of capital and discussing potential sources of capital. And we don’t want to act precipitously in just doing reinsurance deals for the sake of doing reinsurance deals because we can't free up some of the additional reserves that are available in Japan. We want to have and identified appropriate use for that capital to the extent we choose to repatriate some of those proceeds from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S. and subsequently to Aflac Incorporated.  There are uses for capital other than share repurchase partly to make sure we got squared up on our tax cash flows in the U.S. and some other things like the position of the U.S. operation from a capital perspective where we have been forcing the U.S. operation to kind of pay the shareholder dividends for some time. And there is a modest imbalance if you just looked at U.S. only versus Japan that we are trying remediate. It is not a source of concern among ourselves or among the regulators. But it is something we are trying to do some advanced planning on. And there are certainly potential other uses for capital.  So, we are trying to do a more comprehensive program and we will have more to comment on, mostly likely at FAB in terms of the progress we are making in that regard. But I just want to emphasize we are not going to do reinsurance for the sake of doing reinsurance because we can. We have to have a disciplined approach about this and that's what I am trying to do and put in place. 
Paul S. Amos: And just one follow-up to that too, let me mention our FSA based earnings clearly benefited from the reinsurance transaction we had secured in October of last year. As we commented on the third quarter, that influenced our thoughts as we formulated our objectives, earnings objectives and capital deployment plans for 2015. So we are looking right now at an amount that we would repatriate of somewhere around 150 billion to 170 billion yen. This year 50 billion yen of which we already received in December and that puts us in a good position in terms of executing on the capital deployment objectives we have for this year which is increasing the cash dividend and buying back $1.3 billion of our shares. So that is why -- that in conjunction with our comments Kriss has made and what we talked about last September, we are really thinking of longer term plan. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Berg, RBC. 
Eric Berg: Thanks very much and good morning. Dan, from looking at your early history in Japan, Aflac was heavily if not exclusively I believe a cancer insurer. Then during your tenure the company has diversified really quite a bit and for many years you had a broad line of products between cancer and medical riders that mentions long term care and so forth annuities. But now it seems we are back to cancer only or at least that is what it seems in the December quarter. I think it was the only product that showed that sales increased with the other showing declines, what is your take on sort of what the next couple of years will bring in terms of new business production. Will Aflac be a one product company or will there be breadth to the sales?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, the one thing that it has been rather consistent is whatever the new product is that is ultimately where the sales go. And the new product for 2014 was cancer insurance. I do believe we have a distinct advantage in Japan when it comes to cancer insurance over any other product we’ve got. It’s what started our company, it’s what all consumers view as us being dominant in the market. And so from that standpoint, I think we’ve learned that cancer insurance is still very important. But I think medical will be important and I think as we introduce the new medical product, we will be -- we’re still number one in that and so I think it will just vary. Let me ask Paul of Aflac Japan if they’d like to make any comments. 
Paul S. Amos: Yes, remember we launched our new medical product toward the end of 2013. So the comparison for medical sales in conjunction with the strong emphasis we had on launching of our new cancer plan certainly put the emphasis on third sector products on the cancer plan itself for that particular quarter. The other comment I’d like to make is really about the discipline that we’re holding in first sector because of the record low interest rates we’re seeing today and the profit margins that have already been mentioned around certain products. We are certainly restraining the total number and total volume of first sector sales given the current conditions.  Given the large volume of exclusive agencies we have at Aflac, we are certainly going to continue some presence within selling first sector products. But in terms of broadly going after the first sector in the current environment, we are restraining those sales and looking to see a fairly significant decline in first sector sales in 2015 if these trends continue. I will be closely monitoring just as we did in the fourth quarter and will be monitoring our sales. If conditions changed for the better we’ll move in that direction, if condition stay the same or worsen, we would react accordingly. But we have measures in place to affect our sales based on the type of business we want to be selling in Aflac.
Kriss Cloninger: But I will also and let me add some to that, this is Kriss again. We are making some modest investments to protect all of our distribution relationships. All of our distribution relationships are important to us particularly the bank channel where there are limitations on what we are going to sell in the first sector. But we are making accommodations in selling a certain amount of business in order to protect those relationships for the longer term. 
Eric Berg: I have one follow up question then I’ll be done for the U.S. team. In the U.S. it seems that there has been a stabilization, a stabilizing in the number of productive agents number of monthly average producers. Maybe the U.S. team could address where they see that headed because it seems to be at the end of the day what matters is not how many people you recruiting, not how many people you are losing indeed not how many people you have but how many productive people you have. So I am focused on that productive number and I’d like to know where its headed? 
Teresa L. White: This is Teresa White again. We’re absolutely headed, we’re continued to recruit but we also are wanting to make sure that we have productive recruits. So we see growth in that number, our goal is to grow that number in 2015. We are also looking to grow the number of what we call district sales coordinators and those are the field trainers, those are the people who assist those recruits and ensure that they increase their productivity. So short answer to that, you are absolutely correct, the goal is to continue to increase the average weekly producer number. 
Eric Berg: Thanks to everyone. 
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Gallagher of Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. My question is on the new product and given that it is more than cancer WAYS product and then similar product that’s being sold exclusively to the Post. I guess last time we saw a sales surge to this level where that product is now almost 50% of sales in the quarter there were some issues with margin in the future. So I just want to get a better handle on your level of comfort around the margin in the product and in particular I recall you are highlighting some of the cash accumulation features within the product and I might not have that exactly right but it sounded to me like this was a bit of a hybrid product. So I want to know is there an interest rate component that we should be mindful of but if you could just address that question in general?
Kriss Cloninger: Tom, this is Kriss. The cancer product that’s created the surge in sales as an annual premium long duration product, not that as sensitive to interest rates. I think at the FAB meetings I’ve shown that third sectors products are relatively insensitive in terms of profitability to levels of lifetime net investment yields associated with the cash flows, associated with that product. We do bills from reserves. The old blocks have some cash to render values and long duration benefits that we are selling the cash value rider this time out. But it’s not that sensitive. And we have diminished some of the long duration benefits that tend to bill reserves a lot. So the cancer product is not nearly as inter sensitive as a first sector product and in fact I don’t absolutely know it but I think its profitable at zero percent interest. So that would tell us something there. Let me see what else did I want to say. 
Daniel P. Amos: About WAYS?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes. 
Daniel P. Amos: That’s what he was telling now. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well WAYS was where we had the surge previously and clearly that was inter sensitive both in terms of it being limited pay. We got most of the funds up in the short term and the intra spread made a lot of difference in the profitability over the long-term. So this was near that plus we don’t have things like discounted advance premium where we have to invest at today’s rate. And basically the third sector products Tom, the claims pay out more quickly over the term of the contract. They payout periodically during the term of the contract as opposed to all at the end of the contract. So basically the new third sector products, the cancer products aren’t nearly as inter sensitive as the first sector products because of the surge in 2011 and 2012 going into 2013.
Thomas Gallagher: That’s helpful Kriss, thanks. And just my follow up is just given what looks to me like is a fairly radical product mix shift that we’re seeing between first sector significantly falling off, the cancer really ramping up here, why shouldn’t we see a reversal and an improvement in margins going forward here, because I know we had the opposite happening when WAYS had become a much bigger part of the hole here. But now that we are likely to see a real shift in the other direction, is there -- should we be thinking over the next several years that we’re going to see any kind of meaningful lift in profit margin?
Daniel P. Amos: Well you’ll see a lift in profit margin but it will be more gradual than the first sector of business impact because a lot of the cash flows associated with the first sector business came in at the front end of the product and closer just most of the premiums were paid within a 5 to 10 year period. Whereas these health products, the cancer products premiums were paid over the life of the business. So the impact on premium income and the recognition of profit, well the recognition of profit will be over the life of the policy as it was in the first sector of business. But the revenues will come in over a slower period of time and more gradual period of time. But we should see a kind of a diminishment, we will see the impact of the first sector premiums on the margins tend to diminish as the level of first sector volume declines. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, that’s helpful. I guess just so I am clear on this, is it -- if you look out over the next two, three, four years just given the mix shift here, would you expect margins to go up or is there still a bit of a drag from the first sector and it is less clear at this point given where interest rates are?
Daniel P. Amos: I don’t expect margins to rebound immediately Tom but I think there will be gradual trend of increasing margins. The first sector business, that was about on a per policy basis 10 times the premium of a third sector policy. So there is a major, major impact on the mix shift of revenues associated with that surge in first sector of business. This is a big surge in third sector business by itself but we’re still volume wise going to write, I don’t know, the exact number but say around 70 billion of premium on third sector business right now. And we were right in the like 120 billion or something like that in first sector in those prime years. So it is just not quite.  On a policy basis we’re writing a lot more policies than we did on first sector but the premium on the first sector was so much more that I think it will be more gradual impact Tom. I’ll tell you what, we’re going to have the updated projections and the like if the FAB meeting in May and I’ll be able to update those forecast we give you on margins by product category first sector and third sector as well as an estimate of the impact on the aggregate margin for the next three years, we will be updating math. 
Robin Y. Wilkey: And this is Robin. I would add that if you look at the presentation from the FAB meeting Aflac Japan outlook by product category, the total overall profit margin that we’re seeing for 2015 is going to be right in the middle of what we projected. So the projection was 19% to 22% and for 2015 we’re seeing 20.3%. So I wanted to make that clear. Also when you look at the day stay, the number of days per hospital stay in Japan we’re continuing to see that decline which has been helping our benefit ratio also. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks guys. 
Operator: And the next question is from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how you’re thinking about investment allocation in Japan between JGBs and U.S. dollar corporate in 2015?
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure, hi. It’s Eric, Ryan. Prior to all this volatility as we do our budgets and planning and consistent with the SAA work that we completed, it would have been about 25% to 75% ratio. Though I should also say, as we think about the U.S. dollar allocation it’s not necessarily confined to U.S. corporate anymore. We certainly have widened the scope but we do call it dollar assets.  However as you know we are being very tactical, rates have dropped particularly in Japan because in the U.S. while treasuries have fallen we have seen some credit spread widening that somewhat offset that. So the absolute yield levels hadn’t really dropped that much in the U.S. But in light of these very low yields as you know on the 10 year hit about 23 or 24 since popped up, the 10 year JGB has popped up to about 38. At these low yields we would be inclined to underrate that allocation to JGBs.  Meaning, to buy a 20 or 30 year maturity JGB which is typically where we focus at an average of perhaps of 1% or so, we’d rather underweight that allocation this year at those low yields and put that money to use whether in dollar assets and traditional fixed income or perhaps we do expect this year to get going with some of the growth assets that I had spoken about. So we’re going to monitor that closely. As you guys know, the global macro conditions are changing drastically. We’re cognizant of that but at those low levels for JGBs we would underweight our allocation relative to the original budget.  The other thing I might mention as well and as we continue to evolve in our transformation we are being tactical on our asset allocation. So as an example because we have seen this dislocation in the credit markets going back to about November, December we firmly believe there is good fundamental credits that are still very strong in the U.S. So one of the things that we did late December and we’re completing soon is what we call a billion dollar asset allocation or switch trade. So we have moved out about a billion dollars of our investment grade corporate that we own, and reallocated that about half to bank loans. We think that sector has gotten hit from tacticals, not necessarily from credit quality and liquidity from the retail market. But given our long term nature we can take advantage of that.  And the other half of that into double dip credits in the high yield sector but the higher quality part of high yield where we think on a relative value basis that’s a good long-term place to put our money. So, we are not only focused on the new money that’s coming in and Kriss has talked about. There will be less cash flows this year that’s associated with how we view the product side, but we’re also looking internal to our portfolio. What else can we do amongst our own assets to rotate, to take advantage of this and everyone’s heard me say we are in a great position around our capital levels.  As you all know we’ve cleaned up the past in terms of the portfolio. So we are positioned for when there are disruptions in the market, if there are asset classes and strategies that fit our SAA we will seek to try to take advantage of those. And of course all of those things I’ve just mentioned are always within the risk limits. We have risk limits around all of these asset classes, around different credit quality and duration, and we’ve had capacity because we weren’t de-risking the portfolio over the last few years, so now is the time for us when these disruptions occur to take advantage of those risk limits and average into the markets. 
Ryan Krueger: Thanks, that’s very helpful. One follow up on that. In the fourth quarter you have blended in money in Japan was 2.47%. Certainly things have -- rates have come down since then, can you just give us some sense of I guess given where we are today in the current environment what type of new money rate you think you can get in Japan at this point. 
Eric M. Kirsch: For the blended portfolio, so that would basically look at not only whatever JGB assets we would buy but the dollar type allocation. If we based it based on sort of the initial percentages by plan, it would probably be something in the 2% area. If we underrate those JGBs then that number would go higher. So it will depend on how we invest and of course it will depend on where the yields are when we do invest that money and I don’t need to tell everybody those yields are continuing to be volatile. 
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Alright, and the next question is from Erik Bass, Citigroup. 
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I guess other than the sales improving, are there things that you’re seeing in the U.S. business that may not be as clear to us but that give you confidence with the changes you made are having the desired impact and that momentum should build in 2015?
Daniel P. Amos: Well I am optimistic. I felt good about the third quarter, I felt good about the fourth quarter. I think what Mike Tomlinson, our new Director of Sales is doing, is working I think what Teresa is doing and her involvement with sales in terms of managing the people has been good. I am just overall very pleased. I think Dan Lebish and what he’s done with Aflac Group has been good. So it all seems to be working but one thing I will say about this new structure is it pays for performance. So there are going to be some very good bonuses in the fourth quarter. If they don’t perform well they all go make a lot less in 2005.  So I’ve always said put the money where you want it and the people will flow that way. I was in sales for 10 years. So I know that to be true, so I am cautiously optimistic but I want to wait until the end of the second quarter before I am willing to declare victory on what’s going on. Because frankly we were going against a pretty easy quarter. The fourth quarter was an easy comparison for us, so we should have done well. Now we did better than I even thought. But still it was an easy quarter. Our easiest quarter in 2015 will be the second quarter. First quarter is a little harder because we had some carry over business in 2013 so, we’ll just have to see. But I am still very encouraged that we’ll make that number and I am really not satisfied with that.  I really won't higher our numbers and I think especially with this one day pay it just opens the door for us because there is nobody in the industry that’s going to be able to process, approve, and pay in one day. And that’s what is important. It is at the time of claim that people need their money the fastest and we’re going to give it in their hands and yes, there will be some we can’t because of like short-term disability but the accident, the cancer all of the main product lines we sell we’re going to be able to give it to them. And I just think it’s going to set us apart and so I am optimistic but I still at the same time want to be cautious because I am sales man at heart. So I want to be careful here. 
Erik Bass: Got it, thank you, that’s helpful. And then just one follow up on the U.S., can you talk about the sales breakdown in the fourth quarter between individual and group products. 
Teresa L. White: Well what we look at really is the distribution of the product breakdown and so in the fourth quarter what we saw was really increase in sales on the broker side. We saw as far as the breakdown, about a 69% from career, 31% from broker is the breakdown. But what I really kind of want you to look at from our perspective is really the channel and we look at the channel from the perspective of the career channel being focused on the less than 100 market and the broker channel and the broker sales executives basically selling to and servicing the large case brokers. Now when you look at the product set, the products are looking more like 87% of our business is traditional, 13% is group. And we of course think of that’s going to continue to grow. 
Erik Bass: Got it and how does that 13% of group sales compare to what it was in the fourth quarter of 2013?
Teresa L. White: Fourth quarter of 2013, well around 10%. So we have seen a modest growth in the group sales. But one of the things, the reason I look at it from a career distribution versus broker distribution is because even in our broker -- with our brokers, 63% of what they sell is the individual product. So the larger case brokers are the ones that are selling more of the group products but the more regional and local brokers are still selling the individual product. So you really can’t get a good feel when you’re looking at it group versus individual are the traditional products. [Technical Difficulty]
Erik Bass: Got it, that’s helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: [Technical Difficulty].
Unidentified Analyst : Allocations within the existing portfolio is there a point which you take a really hard look at the available for sale portfolio within Japan and start to sell some JGBs and reallocate given where yields are. I know obviously you have generated some significant capital gains but might you not be happy to pay those taxes to get a lower allocation at JGBs particularly given the downgrade in December to a single WAY level?
Daniel P. Amos: Sure and thank you for that question and please be assured we look at all sorts of modeling of our portfolio and opportunities from yen to dollars. There could be a day when we preferred dollars to yen and we take a look the credit quality issue and your point, the JGBs we own we will be looking at in the single A category instead of the double A category given the Moody’s downgrade.  But having said that keep in mind we are balancing a number of factors. So, for example, when we look at the JGBs they do provide us with yen interest rate protection versus our liabilities because the liabilities are all in yen. So that’s a very important factor and we look at the SAA, our JGB allocation is what I would call at the lower end of the range. It could be a lot higher if we wanted even better matching characteristics where the privates help with that as well because they are yen denominated. So we will take a look at that but I don’t think there is an infinite amount of capacity to say JGB is down by 10% of the total portfolio and reallocate. There may be some opportunities around the edges. And then finally just for clarification, most of our JGBs are in either HGM or what we call PRM, policy reserve matching. We have very affluent AFS but even within PRM there are some opportunities to do asset allocation and rotate. I just wanted to clarify the accounting designation.
Unidentified Analyst : Yes, no that is why I was focused on the AFS. And then I guess maybe it is a question or comment and maybe to both, if I look at your overall U.S. sales in 2014, they are only about 7% or 8% below your all time high which I believe was 2007. You know now I recognize that competition has grown and probably the market opportunity has grown since 2007 as well. So, you have lost ground but isn’t it possible that you are back within the next year or two to essentially all time at least in absolute dollar terms production levels at highest?
Daniel P. Amos: Teresa and I both, 8.9 is the number. That is what we have to do to beat the all time record. 
Unidentified Analyst : I knew you would know it. 
Daniel P. Amos: Yes, I know it. What I have told them is if we want to beat records, that's what we are after. Teresa and I both know the number by heart and we are keeping it in front of them constantly. And the sooner the better, but that's a strange call that I am keeping back there. But as I said, 5 is the number. 
Unidentified Analyst : Understood, okay, thank you very much. 
Kriss Cloninger: It is Kriss, I just wanted to tell you that Dan and Teresa's motto this year is no whining. No whining. 
Unidentified Analyst : I guess and maybe keeping that in mind I will make this last comment for you before the call ends, the more you want to create difficult sales comparisons for yourselves, the more I am on board. 
Daniel P. Amos: We are all for that. 
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you. 
Daniel P. Amos: Go to our website and checkout one day pay. 
Robin Y. Wilkey: Alright guys and ladies thank you so much for joining us. If you want to follow up with any calls we will be in the office and we thank you so much for joining us today. Bye, bye. 
Operator: Thank you. This completes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Robin Wilkey – Senior Vice President, Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos – Chairman and CEO, Aflac and Aflac Incorporated Ken Janke – Executive Vice President; Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Aflac Incorporated Paul Amos – President, Aflac Tohru Tonoike – President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan Kriss Cloninger – President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Aflac Incorporated Eric Kirsch – Executive Vice President; Global Chief Investment Officer Teresa White – President, Aflac U.S.
Analysts:  Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates Nigel Daily – Morgan Stanley Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank Jimmy Bullar – JPMorgan John Nadel – Sterne Agee Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets 
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ms. Wilkey, you may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter call. Joining us this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO of Aflac Incorporated, Teresa White, President of Aflac US, Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us today from Tokyo are Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac, Japan. And before we start, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those that we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some brief comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and in US and then Ken will provide further details about our activities in the quarter and our EPS guidance. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me start by saying, I am very pleased with Aflac’s financial performance for the third quarter and for the first nine months of the year. I am even more pleased that our financial strength is allowing us to deploy more capital to our shareholders. We’ve made it in many cases exceeded our financial targets for the third quarter. Notably with nine months under the belt we are well positioned to increase operating earnings per share about 3% to 4% for the year before the effect of currency. At the same time, we continue to anticipate operating return on equity will be strong and exceed 20% excluding currency. Now I’d like to comment on our operations starting with Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Although third sector sales were down in the quarter. We – like the initial results we’ve seen so far in October which are up 20%. As we’ve previously communicated, we anticipated third sector sales for the full year will come in at the low level of the expectations of 2% to 7% increase. While fourth quarter comparisons will be challenging, we continue to enhance our distribution opportunities and offer in Japan which I believe will benefit our sales. On the distribution side, I am very happy with the expansion of Aflac Japan, allies with Japan Post. The strategic partnership brings together Japan Post, the largest nationwide distribution network in Japan with Aflac Japan, the industry leader in cancer insurance. As many of you heard at the Analyst Meeting in Tokyo last month, Taizo Nishimura, President and CEO of Japan Post Holding announced expansion of the postal outlets selling our cancer products effective October the 1st, we will move from 3000 to 10,000 postal outlets. We also talked about their plans to increase the number of post office selling at Aflac cancer products 20,000 by the end of 2015. I think both Aflac Japan and Japan Post can enhance their synergies by working together to provide cancer products to large group of consumers who regularly return to the postal outlets to help their insurance needs. Turning to products, as the pioneer of cancer insurance in Japan, I am excited about our two newest cancer policy offerings. On October 1st, Aflac Japan introduced a cancer product for the sale exclusively for Japan Post in [Kempo]. This new cancer product was designed to provide essential cancer related benefits, it also complements the insurance coverage that is available through our products at Japan Post already offers. On September the 22nd, we introduced another new cancer insurance product available for sale through all of our distribution channels. This new cancer product provides intense coverage including additional outpatient benefits in treatments multiple cancer occurrences benefits while offering better pricing at many age groups. Turning to Aflac US, I am very excited about the changes that we have made in our management infrastructure. You’ll recall that following the third evaluation of the market and our business model, we told you that we were going to be laser-focused on implementing a number of tactical initiatives designed to improve the US sales and that’s exactly what we’ve been working on. These initiatives which were effective October the 1st are primarily geared to our sales force day sooner or around competitive compensation that more closely tied to corporate goals and better performance management capabilities. We had expected short-term disruption in the third quarter as a result of these changes, but things went very smoothly and Aflac US sales were relatively flat in the quarter just down six tenths of a percent. These new sales initiatives have generated excitement both at the career channel side and the broker side. Although it contain to take a period of time for the sales results to follow the initiative. I can already see that we’re making progress and this tells me that we’re on the right path. Last quarter you’ll remember we thought sales for the latter half of the year would be down 4% to down 8% however with sales in the third quarter essentially being flat we now believe sales for the second half of the year will be positive which means sales for the full year will likely be in the range of down 2% to 4%. And while I’m not happy with the prospects of sales being down for the full year, I believe we’re heading in the right direction and I expect to see an increase in the fourth quarter sales. We’re also working on ways to extend our sales momentum in 2015. Let me just say that I feel better about the opportunities in the US and Japan and our ability to effectively execute on our sales strategy over the next year. I also understand the importance of returning capital to our shareholders while Ken will provide you more details. I want you to know that I am pleased with the action of the Board of Directors to increase the quarterly cash dividend about 5.4% effective with the fourth quarter of 2014. This marks the 32nd consecutive year of increasing our cash dividend. I also believe we’ve listened to our owners and understand the importance of growing our cash dividend and our share repurchase amounts. Our capital strength has given us the confidence to increase our 2014 share repurchase objective from $1 billion to $1.2 billion of our common stock. Additionally it is our current plan to repurchase $1.3 billion of common stock in 2015. Let me leave you with this thought. You’ve already heard me say that my job is a balance of interest of all stakeholders, I think we did a good job for that this year just as we have in the past and I believe we’re going to do it again next year by delivering on our promises to our policyholders and returning significant capital to our owners. Now I’ll turn the program over to Ken. Ken?
Ken Janke: Thank you, Dan and good morning everybody. I’d like to give you a little more background into our forecast and the assumptions we have used to set our 2015 earnings objective. But first, let me begin with just a brief recap of 2014 and how that relates to the initial guidance we set for this year. You may recall that a year ago, we established 2014 objective of increasing operating earnings per diluted share by 2% to 5% on a currency neutral basis. At that time, we identified several headwinds that influence the establishment of our earnings guidance. Frankly based on those headwinds and other forecasting assumptions which tend to be conservative, we would have not been surprised if this year’s full year earnings would have been toward the lower end of the 2% to 5% range. However, as the year progressed some favorable trends emerged, our benefit ratios in Japan and the United States have been better than expected and in addition our consolidated operating tax rate has been lower than we initially projected. As a result of those favorable developments, we narrowed our earnings objective in July based on the financial performance for the first half of the year, we no longer felt the low end of the range was a reasonable expectation. However, we anticipated that benefit ratios would be higher in the second half of this year for both the U.S. and in Japan and we also expected expenses to be higher for the last six months of the year particularly in the fourth quarter. As a result we reset the full year earnings objective to 3% to 4% in July. Although operating earnings per diluted share excluding currency have increased 5.4% for the first nine months, we continue to believe the 3% to 4% range is a likely outcome for 2014. The reason is that we still expect to see higher benefit ratios in the fourth quarter and expenses will be higher as well. That’s especially the case in the United States as we begin to absorb the cost of the change that we made to the U.S. market director position. As we indicated in our press release last night, we have established an objective for 2015 of increasing operating earnings per diluted share 2% to 7% on a currency neutral basis. I would first note that our earnings objective is predicated on 2014 earnings per share increasing 3% to 4% for currency. Because we express our objective as growth rate, our guidance is influenced by the rate at which we grow earnings in 2014. In short, faster growth this year somewhat challenges growth rates in the following year. For our two reporting segments, we continue to anticipate the type of operating stability that you’ve come expect from our business. At Aflac Japan, we currently expect to see operating ratios that are consistent with the three year average ratios that Kriss presented to you in May. With first sector business accounting for a higher percentage of enforce premiums in 2015 we expect to see a higher benefit ratio next year compared with this year. However, it will still be in the 62% to 64% range we previously provided. We expect the operating expense ratio to be fairly stable to a bit lower next year. As a result, we expect the margin for Aflac Japan to be somewhat lower than it is this year but again well within the stated range for our expectations. For Aflac US, we also expect to see operating ratios in 2015 that reflect the stable and predictable nature of our business. We are assuming that the benefit ratio will be higher next year than our full year projection for 2014. However even with an increase in the ratio, we still expect it to be at the low end of the 50% to 52% range, we communicated in May. We expect the expense ratio on the other hand to be above our estimated range for next year. As we discussed in July, we made significant changes to the structure of our sales force and those changes impact our expenses. I would note that we are maintaining very good budget discipline in the U.S. segment and if not for the field force changes, our expense ratio would be at the low end of the range next year. We currently anticipate that the U.S. pretax profit margin will be towards the middle of the range we provided in May. I’d point out that while we have a very large block of stable and predictable business, we clearly don’t have a crystal ball and there are many assumptions we need to make when setting an earnings objective. It’s always been our practice to use realistic yet conservative assumptions and given the conservative assumptions I just reviewed, I think a starting point for next year is to assume that operating earnings per share may grow towards the lower end of the 2% to 7% range excluding currency. However, just like 2014 and in years past, it’s certainly possible that we could see earnings emerge more favorably as the year progresses. For instance benefit ratios may not rise as much as we’re currently assuming. Clearly the ongoing challenge we faced for the last couple of years has been generating better revenue growth through new sales in both markets as well as dealing with the low interest rate environment. As you heard from Dan, we believe the activities we want to take in both segments will help produce better sales in the future. But improving sales is a process, it’s not an event and the results from these activities don’t happen overnight. Additionally as you likely know it takes time for sales to be reflected in earned premium and earnings but in the meantime, I do want to emphasize that the underlying nature of our business remains very sound, stable and profitable. Next, I would like to briefly comment on our sensitivity to the yen-dollar exchange rate. Although Aflac Japan makes up about 75% of our consolidated insurance earnings about 50% of our total company earnings come from dollar sources. As we’ve done in the past when we released fourth quarter earnings, we will provide you with our expected currency sensitivities to per share earnings for 2015. In the meantime, we do believe our earnings will be a bit less sensitive to the weaker yen next year than they have been in the past. I think it’s also noteworthy that our consolidated GAAP equity is not significantly exposed to foreign currency risk. For instance although the yen weakened 7.4% from the end of June to the end of September, our consolidated GAAP equity excluding unrealized investment gains declined only 1.1%. One of our key objectives is to insulate shareholders equity from currency fluctuations. Finally, we are very pleased that our balance sheet remains strong and that our capital ratios exceed our minimum targets. You will recall from our comments at our Analyst Meeting in May and in September that we expect that profit repatriation to be in the range of 110 billion yen to 150 billion yen for 2015. Based on our current forecast of our FSA financials and the solvency margin ratio as well as our most recent reinsurance transaction, we now expect repatriation to be at the high end of that range. Please remember as we’ve noted in the past that repatriation could change depending on increases in interest rates, credit spreads, strengthening yen or significant credit losses, but we do expect significant profit repatriation in 2015. In addition as we indicated in last night’s press release, we are exploring the possibility of increasing the frequency of capital transfers from Japan to the United States pending the completion of our internal governance process. This will enable us to better manage liquidity in the U.S. segment and at the parent company as well and as I mentioned at our Analyst Meeting in September we’re currently working on a multi-year capital management plan. As a part of that plan we are making good progress toward a retro session agreement with the reinsurer to assume some of their risk. Retro session of risk to an existing Aflac entity would improve the economics of our reinsurance program by effectively lowering the cost of reinsurance for Aflac. Given our strong capital position and expected cash flows from Japan, we believe we are in a good position to return capital to our shareholders through increased dividends and share repurchase and we look forward to producing good results for our owners in 2015. Now, I’d like to turn the program back to Robin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you Ken. Thank you Dan. To be fair to everybody please remember to limit your questions to one initial and one follow up that relates to your initial question. So now we’ll be glad to start taking your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Mr. Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates. Your question is up at this time.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning everybody. Ken, could you talk about the reinsurance agreement that you announced in this quarter, I think it was 55 billion yen and obviously it’s smaller than last one you did, but how else does it differ from that and from the initial deal?
Ken Janke: Steven, it’s actually very similar to the initial transaction that we executed in September of 13th, in fact it’s really an extension of that same agreement. You’ll recall that what we had done is exceeded the premiums and the risk related to a portion of an old block of medical business, a close block that about a third of the hospitalization benefit and with this agreement we simply took the percentage up to 50%. So we added another 17% or so to that on the same block of business. We’re currently in the process as I mentioned is a multi-year capital management plan, reinsurance will clearly be a part of that plan and I think it’s quite possibly. You’ll see another transaction in 2015 perhaps more than one and in looking at that we would be exploring other blocks of business for possible transactions.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Ken, just a follow-up on that then. Is this what the same reinsurers or there is still no statutory benefit?
Ken Janke: That’s correct. But as when we go through the RFP process we are taking getting quotes from multiple parties and we’ll continue to do so in the future.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay, great. Thanks.
Ken Janke: Let me just comment that the statutory treatment is something that we have under consideration and it’s true that in the first agreement we did not take any statutory reserve credit but we’re examining the conditions that would be required for us to qualify for such a reserve credit in the future.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Daily. Your question is up at this time.
Nigel Daily – Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks and good morning. Just couple more in the reinsurance side. Given there is more of a capital rise and rate reductions are into transactions. Any push back that you’re getting from the FSA on those tough transactions going forward? And also just a commentary on increasing the frequency of the capital transfers. Just hoping to get some additional color there as well as to how about the plans are?
Ken Janke: First, with respect to communications with the FSA regarding reinsurance. We made sure that they were fully briefed on the transaction that we executed in ‘13 and the same was true with this transaction as well that’s a fairly straight forward simple transaction and we make sure quite frankly even if it’s not only the FSA that’s briefed but also our lead regulator in Nebraska, the Director of Insurance there as well as the regulator in South Carolina for instance as well. With respect to the capital transferred Nigel remind me what the frequency?
Nigel Daily – Morgan Stanley: Just regard to increasing the frequency, what are they trying to say that you kind of moving towards more of a quarterly repatriation plan or kind of what’s planned there?
Ken Janke: Well, the starting point is to simply get cash more frequently on a more consistent basis, quarterly would be ideal but working through the final governance for that right now to determine the best way to do it. Historically, what we have done is we have transferred a portion of the profits that were earned in a given fiscal year for Japan and we are investigating the options for moving not only our earnings on an annual basis but also moving a portion of retained earnings as well. But that would be entirely dependent as we’ve said before on our view of our solvency margin ratio and our ability to protect our policyholders and also to maintain that ratio in a manner that provides an adequate buffer for risks that affect the ratio above our minimum requirement of a 500% to 600% range. But we are optimistic, we do believe that we can move forward with more frequent transfers, that will give us a much better ability to smooth out our cash flows better manage our cash at both Aflac and Aflac, Inc. when it comes to deploying capital.
Nigel Daily – Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks again.
Kriss Cloninger: Nigel, Kriss Cloninger again. I’m sorry to interrupt but I just want to make it clear that the reinsurance we’ve done between Aflac Japan and an outside reinsurer is clearly a risk transfer arrangement even though some of the motivation is capital management is not a financing agreement. It is a risk transfer agreement and there is no question about that. So we don’t anticipate any push back from that perspective from any of our regulators.
Nigel Daily – Morgan Stanley: Great, got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar. Your question is up at this time.
Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank: Good morning everybody and thanks for taking my question. My first question for Ken, I appreciate the color on the year-over-year kind of changes and headwinds with regards to the EPS growth target. But if I strip out the share repurchase impact I think if I look at the lower end of the target range for 2015. Earnings are still would be in negative territory and even when I account for higher benefit ratio in Japan I guess I would have expected maybe a little bit more of abatement of previous through prior headwinds to maybe see a little more earnings growth on dollar basis and just hoping to get a little more color and clarity on that.
Ken Janke: Well again what I try to get through in kind of that segment commentary related to the ratio, the issue that we have frankly as we’ve got to do a better job at revenue growth. So even you see relatively low rates of revenue growth both in Japan and the United States, the revenue growth is muted a little bit further because of the reinsurance transactions and exceeded premium. But when you look then within the operating ratios that are going to influence our profitability. In Japan, the business mix is pushing the ratio up a bit at Aflac Japan because first sector is a larger portion. The expense ratio again should be a bit lower than next year than it is this year. But it still does pressure earnings. In the United States, we’ve gone since 2011 we’ve had an improved benefit ratio and it’s improved much better than we ever anticipated it would. Actually when we entered into 2014 we didn’t think the improvement would continue and we assume the much higher benefit ratio than we’ve actually experienced. So we still expect it to return to some type of normalcy at some point and again we believe that that could begin to happen in 2015. But there is additional pressure in the U.S. segment in 2015 because of the added expense related to our going from the commission based SSC position to the salary based Market Director position. So when you put all that together and again these are, we deal with fairly conservative assumptions. We rather surprise on the upside and the downside but we would see both segments this year producing slight decline – in 2015, potentially producing slight declines in operating earnings versus where we expect them to fall in 2014. The good news is that we are able because of our capital strength to more than compensate that with very strong capital deployment plans for the latter part of this year and next year as well. And again hopefully as we saw in 2014 we will see some things emerge favorably vis-à-vis our assumptions. And it’ll also depend on what we are in 2014.
Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank: Okay. I appreciate the color. And then my one follow-up is on third sector sales actually for the fourth quarter. Seems like if I take kind of the run rate from medical over the last three quarter and I take the reiterated guidance for the full year. I get to roughly doubling of cancer sales. If I modeling this correctly and wanted to just get a sense of if that is roughly how we should be thinking about it and if how much of this growth comes from the Japan Post partnership as opposed to the other cancer products that you launched.
Dan Amos: Tohru or Paul.
Paul Amos: Tohru you want to start and then I’ll comment.
Tohru Tonoike: Yes let me start. Yes you’re right. In order to make the 2% growth for the entire year, we will need to basically double the service of the cancer in the fourth quarter. And that’s what we are feeling that we will be able to make it. So based on that numbers we feel pretty good about the prospects we’re making at least 2% of the entire sales for the full year.
Paul Amos: Let me just follow up and say we knew third quarter was going to be extremely difficult. We had the August 19, 2013 launch of our ever planned. We had also pre-announced our October 1st launch this year of our new cancer plan, so we faced headwinds in the third quarter for both cancer and medical sales and we are confident that going into the fourth quarter especially given what Dan has already announced that we are up 20% so far this month. We feel very strongly that we’ll finish within the range of 2% to 7%.
Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank: And how much of that growth in cancer products do you anticipate coming from Japan Post?
Tohru Tonoike: We cannot disclose the exact number the sales from the Japan Post, but I can tell you, the largest part of the growth of the cancer comes from the Japan Post.
Yaron Kinar – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Dan Amos: Well I can also say that we are very pleased with what’s going on with Japan Post and excited about the future growth of it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from [Seth Wise]. Your question is up at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: One question. If I could – if we could just get us a little bit of granularity in terms of some of the expenses next year, curious if you could give any commentary on the cost of the reinsurance transaction or how much that effects gross earnings next year. And also I believe on the last quarter, you mentioned that the cost of the US sales initiatives would be $0.02 in the fourth quarter and then you’d give updated guidance on what the impact would be in 2015 perhaps if you could give us a little bit commentary around that that would be helpful as well.
Ken Janke: Yeah. First of all, I would say that we really didn’t, we didn’t isolate the expense of the reinsurance of the second tranche of reinsurance for 2015 because we’re currently working on a retro session agreement again it would effectively lower that cost, but what I would say is that was incorporated the cost before retro session was incorporated into the 2% to 7% range we established for next year. So to the extent that we’re able to successfully execute a retro session agreement it will help a bit on the margin of lowering the expense and enhancing earnings in 2015. And I would just add that the cost of the second tranche is proportionate to the cost of the first tranche. The economics are essentially identical and to the extent that we’ve seen the cost will later be proportionate or potentially more favorable than the direct cost.
Dan Amos: Yeah and the second question related to the cost of the market director change in particular, it really hasn’t changed its – it may be modestly better than what we had originally anticipated but the estimates that we had communicated in July are really still on. What I will say and I am really proud of the team in the United States because excluding that our expenses were flat year-over-year ‘15 compared with ‘14. And you’ll recall my comments that we wanted to try and find a way to mitigate as much as we could those expenses. And I still think that that’s possible that we could see improved expenses as next year develops but we really haven’t seen any material impact or any material change.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, perhaps I am misremembering and I had thought the commentary was $0.02 for the fourth quarter and then maybe updated guidance this quarter. It’s fair to say then that net-net no headwind from the US sales initiatives.
Dan Amos: Maybe a little bit more maybe closer to $0.03 a quarter in ‘15 and it’s not terribly material and it will also depend on how well we do on a sale side because remember that we’ve added fixed costs and we’re taking off variable cost and the amount of variable cost that are removed from the income statement will depend on sales through lower commission expense. The cost in year two will – the offset will be significantly higher in the second 12 months than it would be in the first when it comes to an offset to the increase to fix expense.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks and if I could, I’m sorry.
Dan Amos: It’s really materially changed.
Unidentified Analyst: If I could just sneak one more and just on margins and I understand 2% to 7% gross margins in the context of normalizing margins in both the US and Japan. Is it fair to categorize ‘15 as a normal margin year or it will mix shift continue to cause margins to slightly deteriorate going forward.
Dan Amos: No I think again if you look at the expectations that we laid out in May and then for Japan we reiterated in September. The margins should be very stable year-over-year and again really consistent with what we had communicated at prior meetings on our expectations for a three year period.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks for the commentary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Jimmy Bullar. Your next question is up at this time.
Jimmy Bullar – JPMorgan: Hi good morning and most of my questions are answered but just on US recruiting. I would have thought that trends would have gotten worse given the changes that you’re making but the recruiting was up and the agent count declined a little bit less than it declined in previous quarters. So just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how the restructuring is going on and do you expect further improvement from here or would the results get worse before they begin to improve.
Dan Amos: Well I’m very pleased with the results so far. I thought that would be more disruption as I said earlier because people just don’t like change, but I have to complement our deal management for understanding that we’ve got to pay for performance and accept in that as being a way of life and moving on with it. Same that what I see is I see the fourth quarter is being easier comps than the first quarter and I see the second quarter of next year being the easiest comp. So I would anticipate us having being up, I would like to be up 5% for the fourth quarter that’s my goal but I wanted to absolutely be up and that’s my goal. And then I think probably the first quarter will be maybe up flat to up 5 and then I expect at the end of the second quarter to be up. So I cannot know at least having 5% growth. I’d like to do better than that if we have a new director of sales who came from being in charge of North and South Dakota which is our highest penetration in the country and he is concentrating on accounts of 100 or less which is what we’ve said we’ve got to do. He has also been working on the expansion of our district and regional level which ultimately will increase recruiting. And I think that’s what’s taking place right now. There could be a little disruption that we’re still unaware of as people are adjusting because it went into effect October 1, but I am in contact with Teresa daily as well as with sales daily about keeping up with how this is going. And this is a major, major change, this is in the last, my 30 years or 25 years as a CEO, this is structurally probably the biggest change we’ve made to the sales force. So I don’t take it lightly that there could be a few more bumps. But I am not seeing them as of today I think it’s all coming together nicely.
Jimmy Bullar – JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mr. John Nadel. Mr. Nadel your question is up at this time.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thank you and good morning everybody. Couple of real quick ones, does maybe for Ken does the buyback assumption for 2015 that $1.3 billion is that assume any benefits from incremental reinsurance transactions and if so how much.
Ken Janke: Not in not transactions in ‘15. If that what you’re referring to. When you look at the transaction that we announced that took effect on October 1st that gave us the opportunity to reevaluate the SMR and then reevaluate the capital we feel comfortable deploying for both ‘14 and ‘15. So I would say it’s good starting point. At this point it does not contemplate any additional transactions per se that might occur in ‘15.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Appreciate that. And then for 2015 you haven’t had any real discussion about what you guys are assuming in terms of new money yields in Japan and in the US. I mean obviously here in the third quarter and I guess pretty, most of 2014 maybe I’m wrong but the investments in Japan have been largely JGBs in this quarter JGBs in US treasuries. I mean what you are thinking about in terms of new money yields for 2015. Can we see some incremental investment and maybe credit related assets.
Eric Kirsch: Hi this is Eric. Couple of comments, Good morning. First as you look year-to-date of our invested cash flows and I mentioned this earlier in the year. Early in the year we did all the way JGBs because of the nature of our cash flow timing, but as you look at overall cash flows now we’ve put about 48% or so of our Japan cash flows and to US dollar assets and of that allocation about 60% 65% were in US credit and the rest in treasury. So the credit investments, we anticipate, it did come online particularly in the second half of the year or second and third quarter. So they were they are but recollects I have said in the investment grade credit space, credits spreads at all-time tight and we did a fair amount of purchasing of credit back in ‘12 and ‘13. So we end up this year on purpose. We’re totally fine with the fundamentals of investment credit, we think those are strong as they’ve ever been but the technical spreads being so tight make them pretty expensive to buy. Having said that as we’re planning for ‘15 first it’s important for me to note let’s help the Fed raises rates then we have higher yields but we are consumer of the macro environment and that’s going to be very challenging. So we assume in our plan, we don’t assume necessarily that rates will go up, we try to be conservative and come up with ranges. But what we certainly want to look at going into next year is a good mixture obviously we’ll have some traditional JGB investments that help with interest rate matching and interest rate risk and duration matching. But to expand not only in investment grade credit but other places as well. And I’ve said this we’ve seen some disruptions in the market recently. We’ve seen spreads on high yield bank loans some other asset classes start to wide now. And we want to see that as a buying opportunity. So as we go into ‘15 we’re hoping to be able to take advantage of that and start to get into some other asset classes beyond just traditional investment grade credit, but that will be a function of markets where spreads are we’re not going to chase spreads just in the interest of yield. We try to work with Kriss and Ken to have a risk adjusted NII, Net Investment Income budget if you will and give us the flexibility at the same time to take advantage of those dislocations and invest at a good point in the cycle as opposed to force that investment.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay thanks for that. And then if I can sneak one more in just for Kriss or Ken, just thinking about Japan margins, I think over the last couple of years and particularly during the period of very strong pace first sector sales particularly ways. There was a – I guess in a first year if I can characterize at that way sort of headwind on the pretax margin because commission rates were high and I guess those products were maybe a little bit more surplus. With first sector sales having declined at least in terms of growth so significantly, I would have thought we would have been getting some of that back as we looked forward. Is that in your guidance, are you seeing that can you talk about that a little bit.
Kriss Cloninger: John this is Kriss. I will say that the surplus strain effects the regulatory reporting FSA in US stat more heavily than it does US GAAP they were primarily focused on today that just because we’re allowed to differ a significant amount of the acquisition expenses. Actually the strain John on the third sector is almost the significant on the third sector it is as it is on the first sector. One reason is that the cost per policy as opposed to percent of premium are somewhat higher are on the lower premium products and the first sector products have added 10 times of premium that the third sectors products have. So there hasn’t been a lot of relief so to speak on that in percentage terms. Now in absolute terms clearly as the first sector premiums declined the surplus strain in absolute amounts has declined but cannot on the relative basis. I want to go back to previous comment that was made and somebody mentioned a 15% margin is kind of normalized, that’s a pretty low number in my opinion for any kind of normal margin. Once we re-price the first sector products effective April 1, 2013 the margins increased from say unexpected margin over the lifetime of the product given the net investment yields we realized at that time the margins increased from about 10% closer to 20% on the first sector products. Now we weren’t able to sell as much product because they weren’t as competitive versus other financial products into marketplace and that affected us as well as other life companies compared to other financial products issued by other organizations. So while our margins went up or sales went down. And our overall margin is affected by the mix of business and I pointed that out in the Feb guidance materials I sort of said okay here it is for life insurance, here it is for third sector business. You got to look at the mix that you anticipate or what we actually achieve in order to get to kind of a so called normalized margin. But I did want to make the point that the move from about 20% plus profit margin will realized on Japan right now through ‘15 on an aggregate basis would take a heck of a move. And I don’t anticipate margins will decline near that fast.
Ken Janke: Really and looking at our plan in formulating guidance to follow up on that we’re looking to maintain roughly at 20% margin both this year and next year, a little bit higher this year perhaps 20 or just a tad lower next year but again, consistent with what we’d expressed and basically very similar to what we’ve seen.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thank you very much for the responses.
Ken Janke: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Joanne Smith. Ms. Smith your question is up at this time.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Yes just wanted most of my questions have been asked and answered but just as a follow up to John’s question on the first sector product. What is the average duration of those products because if I recall correctly they’ve had a 10 year premium period or that there was a 510 and 7 I believe? But what’s the average duration I’m just wondering when we can expect those to start running off if it’s going to be anytime in the lifetime. The second question is just with respect to the US and that is on now that were about a year into ACA are you seeing things in the market settled down a bit thanks.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay Joanne Kriss here. I’ll take a shot at the first part and then let somebody else comment on ACA. But let me say, I hope we all have long lifetimes and live to see some of the developments in these first sector products. I will point out that the duration as you referred to relates to the premium payment periods and that’s the period for which surrender charges are in effect and we expect very strong persistency during the premium period both because of the surrender charge and because of the fact that a lot of the first sector products we wrote in 2011, 2012 came with the advanced premium deposit arrangement or the people paid most of the premiums upfront. So we’re going to see strong persistency throughout the premium period on those first sector products. At the end of the premium periods, the surrender charge goes away but on the WAYS product the real optionality of the product kicks in not at the end of the premium period but at an age like 60 or 65 that the policyholders elect when they buy the coverage and that’s the point which they have the option to elect to continue the product as life insurance or the claim conversion, do a medical policy or to continue it as an annuity certain type payout or perhaps to convert to a care type product. We have some limited experience emerging on that but it’s not enough yet to be credible I will say that the tendency that I think we’ve seen so far is toward inertia where people allow a coverage to continue as life insurance which is the original form but they do have to make an election a couple of years prior to the optionality day and we do communicate with the policyholders regarding the option they have to elect changes to the form of their coverage. But we haven’t seen any adverse persistency developed at all so far Joanne. In that regards, so we anticipate that the duration of these first sector products will be pretty long.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Okay, so we shouldn’t be expecting them to run off anytime soon?
Kriss Cloninger: You shouldn’t, now we’ve talked to you about the impact of the paid up premiums on revenue and we’ll be talking more about that throughout 2015 as we see some of the blocks that are significant start to hit the end of the premium period in 2016, but I will remind you that I’ve told you we recognized profit over the term of the contract, not over the term of the premium period and so what we’re going to see is a continuation of the amount of profit per policy but a significant increase in the profit is a percent of revenue because the revenue is essentially going to go away except for investment income.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: And would you say that would kick in some time around year ‘7 or ‘8?
Kriss Cloninger: ‘16 or ‘17.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Okay, that long. Alright, great thank you Kriss.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay, Joanne just to the follow up on that to John before one other things that influencing next year’s benefit ratio is I mentioned was mix towards first sector. The persistency of the first sector products has generally been quite a bit better than third sector even though the third sector is very, very high and it’s actually improved a little bit, year-over-year was the third sector has been modestly lower year-over-year. So that’s also influencing the mix of business in the expected benefit ratios.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Okay, thanks and then just on the ACA.
Teresa White: This is Teresa. You asked about confusion in the market I think right now is the regulations are set. At least for the moment they are set. You still have employers who are having the compliance and then at the end of the year and then in 2015 you have employees that have to comply. So I would not say, I wouldn’t characterize the environment as one where there is no confusion. But I think smaller employers are opting to public exchanges and then it’s creating gaps from a product standpoint as well, as far as the affordable care act. Our opportunity is still a great opportunity from an Aflac perspective and so I think our strategic focus of the market and the less than 100 market to focus our field force there and then grow the broker side of the market. I think our strategy is a win-win strategy go forward. So I feel good about that.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mr. Randy Binner. Your question is up at this time.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Great, thanks. I guess I’ll just speak up there with the last commentary on Obama care and it’s clearly Aflac has a big opportunity at least in my mind given the brand awareness to capitalize in the exchange environment and so when you all talk about US sales recovering. I feel like those two things aren’t linked. So is the exchange opportunity not something we should expect to help your sales in 2015 or is that part of the recovery in sales as you hope for in ‘15.
Teresa White: I think the exchange is of another tool that we utilized as part of our sales process. I don’t know if you recall earlier or last time we spoke we talked about the enrollment platforms and benefit admin platforms, many of those platforms are now being characterized as exchanges today. So we’ve always been engaged enrollments via the benefit enrollment platforms. Now we have specific strategies to-date to engage in being on specific exchanges with large brokerage houses and those are the activity that we are doing today that we think will help us in sales go forward in 2015.
Dan Amos: And I’ll just say we’re not counting on this national health care plan to increase sales. I think there is the potential to do that but I don’t like to count on that. We do know that our enrollments when they take it through our exchange increases from 30% to about 42%. So we have much better enrollment when we do that, interestingly enough though those would be in the accounts of 100 or less and they are going to go and buy on the public exchange which can be routed through us. One other thing I was little worried about was is that our agent will make so much commission on major medical although it’s a small percentage, it’s a large premium but if you buy through the government exchange which comes through ours, it’s a very low commissioned. So that means for them to make money they still got to push our products and services. So I think that will be very beneficial to us and we’ll ultimately give a good return to the policyholders, fill the gaps for them and ultimately increase our sales.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Understood let me – just on Japan. Another kind of top down question on sales. Sensibly this new CEO of Japan Post there to turn things around and it seems like a spin-off/IPO process is still realistic. Do you have any update on whether not that’s going to happen? Proposed next year and if so should we think it as potentially be in a tailwind for sales there. Meaning that they would have a motivation to sell more product to get more fees to get their earnings numbers up.
Dan Amos: I think anyway they can.... any company that it can ultimately increase profits before they go public is going to enhance the shareholder value but you have to understand how private Japan Post is, we don’t get any information in regard to that. Those are decisions that they make but we have a very close relationship with Taizo who is the President and what’s going on there but we’re very cautious in making any comments regarding their particular business. Other than to say what they have done with us and what is going on with slow at first it is now picked up and they are doing very well now and we are excited about 2015 and the future growth there because we think we help to avoid with the products and the services that they offer at Japan Post and this new product will help fill the gaps if they want. They’ll ultimately make it make consumers buy.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Alright, that’s perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. [Eric Beth]. Mr. Beth, your question is open at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. Just hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on what’s driving the stronger than expected benefits ratio is year-to-date and why you think that those should normalize next year rather than experience potentially continuing.
Ken Janke: In Japan we have seen even though there has been a mix shift we have seen just paid emerged at a lower rate than we had expected as we came into the year. So it’s really been driven by slightly lower paid claims than we had expected. We’ve seen a much larger change in the ratio for Aflac U.S. and again this is a trend that we’ve seen since 2011. Paid are increasing slightly. We have made some modifications to IB&R to reflect our program, our initiative of emphasizing the speed of which we take claims because that may stimulate claims to some degree but we’ve also seen in part because of lower volumes from new sales as well the sales at which relaxation has occurred even though overall persistence has been fairly stabled, we’re seeing a smaller increase in this case declines in the change in future policy benefits, so quite simply the additions to US reserves are growing at a slower rate than we had expected. In all in all that this year especially that’s what brought down the US benefit ratio but we do and we don’t expect this to hockey stick into shoot right back up to where it was in 2011 or 12 but we would not be surprised if it came back to a higher level than we’ve experienced in 14.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So I mean are you saying any differences in kind of consumer behavior in terms of either utilization of benefits or other turns.
Ken Janke: Nothing particular but I think we have concluded that utilization and it’s not just with our products and at our company but utilization coming out of the very weak economy for the last few years has been lower than normal, people have not accessed the healthcare system as they did prior to the financial crisis and I think that’s the overall trend that’s really influenced our business in the US for the last few years.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Robin Wilkey: Alright. We’ve reached the top of the hour, so we have time for one more quick question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will be coming from Mr. [Jake Gild]. Mr. Gild your question is up at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Could you give us your updated perspective on whether you expected Japan consumption tax increase to go through in 2015 and if you look at what the impact was on sales in 2014 if you have any views on that that would be helpful as well?
Dan Amos: I’ll let perhaps (inaudible) whether they think that it will go through. The proposal is that it could increase from the current level of 8% to 10% in October of 2015 and for budgeting purposes and in our forecasting we have assumed that that will occur effective with the fourth quarter of ‘15. Paul and Tohru can you comment on would you think it will go through.
Tohru Tonoike: This is Tohru Tonoike and let me speak first and then Paul may chime in. That issues is now being heavily discussed in the diet and there is no decision made at this point in time and there is no way for us to know which is more likely well some of in favor of the tax increase and some are not, so at this point nobody knows what will be the end result in 2015. And even if just assuming if it happens we do not anticipate a big impact on ourselves, certainly not in the 2014 and not substantial impact on the 2015 either.
Paul Amos: I just want to make it clear that it’s expected that Prime Minister Abe will make a final decision in December and we really won’t know anything till then, they’re going through the standard process here but as Tohru said we feel that this is not going to have a form of a major impact.
Unidentified Analyst: And based on the increase this year if you evaluate the trends, do you have a sense of how much the headwind on sales may have been with initial consumption tax increase?
Tohru Tonoike: We do not see any notable impact on our business coming from the tax, consumption tax increase last time.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s right. Thanks very much.
Robin Wilkey: Right. Thank you for joining us this morning. If you want to follow up with any questions please call our office and we’ll be glad to do any follow-ups. Thanks very much. Bye-bye.
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your audio lines at this time. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger - President and Chief Financial Officer Paul Amos - President, Aflac Ken Janke - Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Aflac Incorporated and President, Aflac U.S. Eric Kirsch - Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets John Nadel - Sterne Agee Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Jimmy Bullar - JPMorgan Jay Gelb - Barclays Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO, Aflac Incorporated and President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us from Tokyo is Tohru Tonoike who is President and COO of Aflac Japan. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate, because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those that we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I will turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter. Dan?
Dan Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am very pleased that we met and in many cases exceeded our financial targets for the second quarter. Let me begin today with an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. For the quarter, pre-tax operating earnings in yen were up 2% on a reported basis and 0.8% on a currency neutral basis. Our focus remains on growing the sales of the third sector products, which were up 4.5% for the quarter and in line with our annual sales target. For the six months, third sector sales were up 3.2%. Sales of the first sector products declined 20.3% for the second quarter, which was down somewhat more than we had anticipated. Third sector sales grew sequentially over the first quarter, primarily reflecting an increase in cancer insurance sales from Japan Post. The number of postal outlets selling our cancer insurance rose from 1,500 to 2,980 in March 2014 and has remained at that level as of June 30, 2014. We were very pleased that at the end of June, Kampo was known as Japan Post Insurance Company received FSA approval to sell Aflac’s cancer insurance. Kampo began selling our cancer product last week through their 79 outlets that employ approximately 1,200 sales agents. Another important aspect of our agreement is the sales education and training support that Kampo provides to post offices selling our products. This support, which includes sales practices in compliance helps expand our reach to agents selling our products. Looking ahead, we believe this alliance will further strengthen when we rollout the exclusive cancer product for Japan Post. Pending FSA approval, we anticipate introducing this new product later in the year. We remain encouraged with our growing partnership with Japan Post Holding and we believe this alliance will gradually but steadily benefit our cancer insurance sales. With respect to third sector sales, we have seen the contribution from traditional agencies slowing down and we have developed partnerships with new channels that help offset that decline. These channels include Japan Post and we are making gradual, but steady progress with advancing our sales through the postal outlets. However, the second half of the year will present us with difficult comparisons due to the medical product we introduced in August of last year. Taking these factors into account, we anticipate third sector sales for the full year will trend toward the low end of our expectations of 2% to 7% increase. Now let me turn to the U.S. operations. In the second quarter Aflac U.S. pretax earnings were up 5.7%. As anticipated our second quarter sales results continued to be challenged declining 8.2%. For the first half of the year, new sales were down 6.4%. You recall at our May Analyst Meeting I told you that I was laser focused on a number of initiatives we are implementing to improve sales. We have spent a lot to time evaluating the market and our business model. We determined our sales model is not at as effective as it was in the past, it needs to be enhanced. As such, we are implementing tactical initiatives centered around better performance, management and competitive compensation and is more closely tied to our cooperate goals. These measures are designed to more effectively link sales management success to Aflac success.   First, we are enhancing compensation through an incentive bonus for our districts sales coordinators, the first level of sales management who are primarily responsible for their own personal production and training new sales associates. On July 1 districts sales coordinators began receiving a bonus based on new sales written at small businesses or under hundred. If it proves to be to effective which we expected to be we will use it again next year. We believe it’s vital to ensure all levels of our sales hierarchy had the potential to earn the best compensation in the industry. Second, we made the decision to eliminate the commission based position of the state sales coordinator. To better manage our state operations, we have introduced the new position of Market Director. Market Directors will be salaried with the opportunity to earn sales related bonuses. We believe this will enhance our performance management and better align their pay with the new business results. This change will be effective on October the first of this year. Further, we think this approach will allow us to more effectively and consistently manage the execution of the U.S. sales strategy over all state operations. This is especially critical given our strong brand, the rapidly changing marketplace and the expanding distribution that includes broker and career agents. From a sales perspective, changes of this magnitude will be disrupted in the short run and it takes some time to gain traction. These changes are not without cost. We currently estimate that the quarterly costs related to these U.S. sales initiatives will be around $0.02 per diluted share beginning in the fourth quarter 2014. We will finalize 2015 expense estimates for these initiatives in our budgeting process and they will be reflected in the 2015 guidance that we will provide in October with the third quarter earnings release. Given these changes in the sales results in the first half of the year, we now expect 2014 sales to be down 4% to 8%. Now, I will provide you an update on the consolidated financial performance. Operating earnings per diluted share excluding currency were strong, rising 4.3% for the quarter and 5.4% for the six months. I will remind you that the second half of the year we expect to see increased expenses on various initiatives in both the U.S. and Japan. As such we currently expect that the 2014 operating earnings per diluted share on a currency neutral basis will be up 3% to 4% for the full year. On an operating basis our second quarter annualized ROE was 21.3%. Based on our year-to-date financial results, we expect to meet our annual ROE target of 20% to 25% excluding the impact of currency. We remain committed to generating strong capital ratios both on the RBC and the SMR on behalf of our policyholders and bondholders. Although, we have not yet finalized our statutory financial statements, we estimate that our second quarter 2014 RBC ratio will exceed 800%. Additionally we expect that Aflac Japan’s estimated second quarter SMR will be about 800%. You will recall that at our Analyst Meeting in May we raised our profit repatriation estimate from ¥100 billion to ¥127 billion. By tomorrow, we will have repatriated ¥131.4 billion. As such, we have the utmost confidence in this year’s plan to repurchase $1 billion of our common stock. For the first half of this year, the company purchased more than 515 million of its shares. For six decades, Aflac has been delivering on the promise to be there for the policyholders when they need us most by paying claims fairly and properly. While I am pleased with our financial results, I won’t rest until sales are better reflected in Aflac’s full potential. So, now, I will turn the program over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Thank you, Dan. I would like to go over some second quarter numbers this morning starting with Aflac Japan. Beginning with the currency impact for the quarter, the yen weakened against the dollar 3.3%. In reference to top line in yen terms, revenues as reported were up 0.7% for the quarter. Premium income declined 0.4% in the quarter. Reinsurance lowered premium income by 2%. Excluding the impact of currency, revenues were up 0.4%. Excluding the weaker yen in the quarter on Aflac Japan’s dollar denominated investment income, net investment income rose 5.8%. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total revenues declined over last year going from 61.5% to 60.6% in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of the weaker yen, the benefit ratio for the quarter would have been 60.8%. Reinsurance had a 50 bps positive impact on the benefit ratio in the quarter. Additionally, the benefit ratio improved in the quarter due to favorable claims experience in our cancer block as well as typical seasonality, which usually increases as the year progresses. The expense ratio increased in the quarter to 17.7%, up from 17.0% in the second quarter of 2013. The pre-tax profit margin increased during the quarter going from 21.5% to 21.7%. Excluding the impact of the yen, the pre-tax profit margin for the quarter would have been 21.5%. With the expansion in the margin, pre-tax earnings increased 2% in yen terms. And excluding the yen in the quarter, pre-tax earnings would have been 0.8%. Now, let me turn to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 1.3% in the quarter and persistency was 76.4%, slightly up compared to 76.3% a year ago. And looking at the operating ratios, the benefit ratio for the quarter was 41.1% compared to 49.1% a year ago. The operating expense ratio increased slightly going from 31.4% to 31.6%. Pre-tax operating earnings increased 5.7% in the quarter. Now, turning to investment activity for the quarter, let me start with Japan, approximately 26% of the new cash flow was invested in JGB at a weighted average of 1.32%. During the quarter, 74% or $1.5 billion of the new cash flow was invested in U.S. securities for a weighted average yield of 3.02%. As a result, total new money yield in Japan for the quarter was 2.58%, up 59 basis points from March 31 and down 44 basis points from a year ago. The portfolio yield was 2.85% at the end of June, down 1 basis point from March and 16 basis points lower than a year ago. Turning to few other items in the quarter, non-insurance expense was $51 million compared to $48 million a year ago. Parent company and other expenses were $19 million compared to $18 million a year ago. On an operating basis, the corporate tax rate was 34.5% compared to 34.4% last year. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share were $1.66 compared to $1.62 a year ago. The weaker yen decreased operating earnings by $0.03 per diluted share for the quarter. Excluding the yen’s impact, operating earnings per diluted share would have increased 4.3%. Lastly, let me comment on and reiterate some of the statements Dan has already made. We have tightened our range for our 2014 objective and now expect a range of 3% to 4% increase in operating earnings per diluted share. For the third quarter, if the yen averages between 100 to 105 we would expect operating earnings to be in the range of $1.38 to $1.47 per diluted share. Using the same currency assumptions for the remainder of the year, we would expect to report operating EPS of $6.16 to $6.30 per diluted share for 2014. Now, we are ready to take your questions. But first, let me remind you that to be fair to everyone, limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to the initial question. We will now start with the first question. Carol?
Operator: Randy Binner, FBR Capital Markets, your line is open.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, great. Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask a question kind of higher level about U.S. sales. I appreciate all the commentary on the various initiatives regarding mostly incentives for managers, but other structural changes. But I guess my question as you know, you’re not the only one we’ve seen maybe bumpy sales kind of in your segment of the supplemental health market in U.S. And so is there something going on from a macro perspective from your perspective meaning the economy, how things are changing in certain regions you have or is it Obama care. What is it from a macro perspective that’s maybe causing some of this headwind?
Dan Amos: Well, we spent a lot of time trying to analyze this. And I believe that – it’s our – we’ve been doing business basically the same way for 50 years. Our structure is paid absolutely same way and what we’ve always said the founders going back to my dad and others was it the agent does well everybody else up the structure does well. And it’s gotten out of proportion to some degree. And we needed our districts to make more money and we needed to make sure that everyone was aligned to where the company did well the others. And I think that’s our problem and I think we’ve addressed that. I’m not so much worried at this particular time. I will say that there is still is on certainty with people trying to figure out and there is no one just tearing the numbers up and terms of sales growth in our particular sector, no matter of what. But I think we can do much better and I think focusing them on that will allow that. I’ll just give you an idea. At our state level, one of the problems we have is when a person comes in and was taking over state, they because it was an independent contractor status. They would take home such high expenses that it was hard for some people they ever take that position. Now, we’re going to pay everything and our state sales coordinators will be the highest paid or we’re going to call the market directors now will be the highest paid in the industry. And we don’t have to worry anymore about anyone being able to take on the expenses we’re going to cover that. And over a three-year period, it should break even for us. But that will make a big difference. It means not only can we hire internally, which is the way we want to do it. But we can hire externally. If there is someone else, we want to talk to we can talk to them whereas before we couldn’t talk to them because there was no way they could take on those expenses that we’re in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. So, I think its position us correctly in the new environment we’re in and I’m very pleased with the attitude of our state people and their willingness to adapt, they get it, they understand that the company has to do well and they have to do well. And I just believe long-term, this is going to be very effective for us and I still believe that market is huge and has great potential. But until everything goes into effect, there is still is uncertainly in the marketplace as people look for it to happen.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: I guess a follow-up there, so your answer is you think it’s tactics and that’s very clear. But then does that mean that do you know whatever this Obamacare distraction has been. Do you feel like are you through the worse of that, kind of people getting more organized and how they approach that and maybe getting closer to make buying decisions?
Dan Amos: Well, everyday it’s in the press about is this going to pass or is that going to pass or can they ask that all long that once you got putting in, it was never going away that they – you can argue anyway you want, but the idea that it will ever go away, I just don’t think will happen, because you’ve got to get the Republican President or you have got a get – if you got a Democratic President, you have got to get 60 people on the Senate side. And I just – that is not something they can – is likely to happen. So, we will just have to wait and see, but there is still uncertainty and as long as that’s going on, we will have to wait, but I think it is beginning to – I think the worst is probably over, but there is still a lot of people that are waiting and seeing. Saying that is I am not going to use any of that as an excuse to why we shouldn’t be up and I expect us to be up.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Alright, very good. Thank you.
Operator: John Nadel, Sterne Agee, your line is open.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hi, good morning everybody. Maybe a couple of quick questions. One on Japan and I guess I will phrase it this way, Dan perhaps I am reading too much into the commentary in the press release and you talked about gradual this morning, but not long ago, you talked about the post-relationship and Kampo as a game changer and now it seems you are really tempering expectations there? Now, we are looking at the full year third sector sales being maybe at the lower end of your outlook, but you already knew the back half of the year was going to be a tough comparison. So, I guess if you could help us understand what’s changed there? That would be helpful.
Paul Amos: This is Paul. I will start and then I will let Tohru chime in. Ultimately, we had hoped that the first half of the year will be slightly better than where it is today. And I will let Tohru talk about some of the reasons for that. When we gave you an update at FAB, we have data as late as the month of April that gave us better indications of some things that would have happened in the second quarter that we thought would produce overall better results. We do see Post is improving. Post in the first quarter did not meet expectations, but in the second quarter we saw that moving in the right direction and we believe that will continue. But as Dan stated earlier, the headwinds that we face due to the launch of the medical plan in August of last year will make the second half of the year substantially more difficult to overcome than the first half of the year. Tohru, do you want to chime in on the specifics around the corporate affiliate agencies?
Tohru Tonoike: Yes. For the second quarter, our largest disappointment was the sales by our large corporate affiliate agencies. And particularly, the sales posted employees to our customer companies. So, in April, typically the date had that solicitation to the new employees of our customer companies, which were very good. So, that was – the result of that kind of affair was in line with our expectations more or less, but in May and in June, when our corporate affiliate agencies tried to solicit existing employees, the sales are less than we had – they had expected. That’s where the largest disappointment came. In addition to that, we had some disappointment with the sales with independent and individual agents. And that impact is largely offset by the growth of our sales to the large non-exclusive agents – agencies. So, that’s the reason why that we have lowered our expectation for the year is somewhat changed. And that is quite right that the Japan Post services can be a game changer, but Japan Post in the huge organization so it takes time to realize that entire potential on the channel. So, the sales of the Japan Post, is improving month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter, but still it has not quite reached that full potential of the channel. So, I think that’s our situation of the Japan sales.
Dan Amos: John, I want make one more comment about the game changer. It is a game changer. It is a game changer and it was the only outlet that was left they could possibly be major and go against us in cancer insurance. When we mailed that outlet down, that new distribution channel and took it over and now control it. That was a major game changer for us. From a compensation or really production basis, it is going to be a game changer. I believe that, I still believe that and I think the numbers will reflect that as we move forward. These numbers could be larger. Our job is not to predict what we hope it will, but to be conservative. So, I could have given – we could have given higher number, but I don’t like to ever disappoint. I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again, we’re very not very good at projecting sales. Everybody else predicts revenues, but we would like to predict sales, is 13 weeks and it’s the best we know. But there is enormous variance and how they do that. And so I’ll continue to monitor that, but I feel Japan posed as exactly where we wanted to be right now. We were – I didn’t like first quarter as much, but I do like second quarter and I do like what July is looking like and going forward. So, I’m very pleased with that. So, let me be clear on the phone if nothing else Japan post is a winner and I’m thrilled with it. In Campo and the rollout of the product is the unknown what will happen there. But they are committed and we are committed and I feel good now the individual are agencies and the corporate agencies are challenged. We’ve seen consumers move away from writing business at the worksite or buying at the worksite, that’s why we’ve done the shops, that’s why we’re doing other things, that’s why we’re adding these new channels because we do see consumers move in that direction. That’s our challenge and what we have to find ways, it’s not so many of the new employees, it’s the all employees who have had the mail outs for many times and that thing going on for many years now. And we will continue to monitor that and word toward that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And then I appreciate all those comments and in my follow-up question, it’s sort of unrelated, I’m just curious after you take this ¥131 billion back to the U.S. or the remainder of it I suppose. How do we think about the impact on a pro forma basis for your SMR ratio in Japan? How much is that come down and then related to that is just the question back half of the year expenses being higher. Is that simply a matter of timing you were slower to spend in the first half or is there something truly incremental about those expense levels.
Ken Janke: John, this is Ken. Let me start off and Kriss may want to add something to this. First on the SMR, the proper repatriation estimate for the number of 131.4 is fully reflected in the SMR estimates of around 800 that we announced.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Excellent, got it.
Kriss Cloninger: Already reflected in there. As far as the expenses go for Aflac Japan, we’d have expected to see their earnings more front loaded this year in terms of our total forecasting and modeling and part of that is just related to the expected infrastructure expenses that we talked about last year with our third quarter release in our guidance is the head wins for instances. And then clearly, the restructuring of the state position from a mission-based position to a salaried position, which starts in October, is something new, but also would result in higher expenses in the fourth quarter.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay so, it’s – but aside from that $0.02 in 4Q, the rest of it’s really just the timing.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, and I’d also point out too that we have benefited in the first half of the year from lower benefit ratios than we had in prior periods. If you look back, you’ll see that generally the second half benefit ratios for both Japan and U.S. are higher than they are in the first half of the year. So, we’d expect them to increase.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Yaron Kinar, Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Ken, going back to your last comments on the expense ramp up in Japan, if I remember correctly the CVEP program was supposed to be about $0.12 of a headwind this year, I think by looking at the G&A in Japan today we see about $0.01 maybe. So, just want to get a better understanding of the ramp up process, are you still expecting those $0.12 to fully materialize this year? And how much of a success that would end up being forfeited this year’s ability to maybe come out with products at a faster pace? I guess I have two questions in here. One, being the expense load and ramp up of the CVEP and two being kind of that impact on the ability to come out with products at a faster clip, which I think was also built into the sales expectation number for this year originally and that, that has since come down slightly?
Dan Amos: Well, I will let Paul address the second part. It’s clearly a shorter speed to – or shorter time to market or faster speed is something that we want to accomplish in Japan. That speaks to the kind of the nature of the long-term corporate value enhancement project, but we don’t – there is really no expected change in the emergence of those expenses related to our spending in Japan.
Paul Amos: In terms of the ability to launch products quicker, that is one of the primary goals of CVEP. Currently, we are working on multiple different initiatives. One of those is the new business process. The new business process is the single largest element that we must work on in order to bring products to market faster. And so I feel like we prioritize correctly what we are doing there. It is going to take a period of time in order for that to come together, but I feel confident that we are trying to move things in the right direction. That said, as we continued to expand our channels and we continue to work with groups like Tohru mentioned with the non-exclusive agencies, it’s essential that we would be able to simultaneously fix whatever we need to in order to compete in the marketplace today while also focusing on what the long-term solutions will be for what Japan is as a market in the long-term, including the cost efficiency to make sure we are maximizing our profit levels on our products.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: So, I think a little while back, can you talk about maybe coming out with another medical product in Japan this year, is that still a possibility?
Dan Amos: We have talked about an additional third sector product this year. That being the revision of our cancer plan. And we are currently working through the final details around that with the Japanese government and internally.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Steven Schwartz, Raymond James & Associates, your line is open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Good morning, everybody. Just some follow-ups. Dan, the corporate affiliate agencies, that’s been a problem forever and ever and ever, maybe there is nothing to be done there, but what can you do with the individual agencies?
Dan Amos: Well, I think that we continue to look at different aspects of the way they are operating and try to run more ads for them that we have done. We have done better training, but there is some we eat away a little bit by adding distribution channels to the situation like with the banks. It does impact individual sales to some degree when we do that. So, it’s been the new channels to me that would offset it more than anything else, but Tohru would you like to comment or make any – have any comment I should say?
Tohru Tonoike: Sure. Dan, you are right. So, the individual agents will continue to be the important part of our distribution channel. There is no question about that. However, there are some other channels, which are growing faster than the individual agents. The biggest one of such growing channel is the large non-exclusive agencies. So, like Dan said, we are focusing more on our business results, large non-exclusive agencies other types of distributors such as the Japan Post. So, on a comparative basis, individual agents – we are now shifting away from the individual agents, but they will continue to be producing as much as they are doing now, I think.
Dan Amos: I think what I would say about it is it’s a stable block and we will continue to grow it, but we are going to where the consumers are going. And the consumers are moving more towards other places and we are trying to make sure that we are there for them to fill those needs and that’s very important and what we will continue to do. But we do care about our individual agents. We do constantly focus on that. We have contest, we want to grow it. But that is not where we see the real growth channel going forward.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then a little move to the U.S. as follow-up I get that the market directed to move from state sales coordinator to market director I get that, I am not getting the compensation to the DSCs I mean I get trying to incentivize them to go the right accounts and what have you, but are you implying that these people don’t make enough money (indiscernible) out their selling?
Dan Amos: Well, what I believe is that we have more district sales coordinators than a lot of our competitors. And we need to focus on making sure that they are making the money we want them to make. And I would like to see them – I would like to have strong districts that are making good living and we promoted a lot of people. If they got renewals they make very high numbers. But when they are coming on they need more front money and so we are trying to concentrate on that and making sure that they are able to grow their business. What we have done over a period of time is we made some adjustments – an example would be, we might cut in a new level of management. And that means that we have cut the commissions back a little bit to take that into account. Now at that time the districts were for it, we were for it, but you take a little bit away and take a little bit away here, it begins to hurt their income. So by adding this back we are now getting them up to the level that they were in 2008. And I think ultimately will benefit us. We have always said that the district levels are the key to our organization that and the associates. And so trying to make sure they are high paid is very important to us and we want to make sure that happens – continues to happen going forward. And we think this cements that and allows us to really grow the business because they are the ones training the new people. And we have got to hire more new people and that requires a lot of time and effort on their part. And they are going to be working harder and so we want to pay him more for working hard.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: So pay these guys more or their sales like the same level of sales they can live and then got out and use the extra time to train?
Dan Amos: Well, they don’t – let’s be clear almost every time they are selling, they are not selling by themselves. They are taking somebody with them. So they are splitting the commissions on what they are doing when they are out training a new person. So we are trying to make sure that they are better positioned. And frankly this I think will put us in a position where we will be able to hire more people at the district level and really grow the business long-term. But shifting some money to them is the exactly what we need to do.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then one more if I may very quickly, California I don’t know if you ever all looked at this but California, AB 1962 with regards to MLRs for dental, have you guys looked at that?
Dan Amos: I don’t know anything about that now, but I will find out and get back with you.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Jimmy Bullar with JPMorgan, your line is open.
Jimmy Bullar - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. First on the changes that you are making in the U.S. you mentioned in the release it’s about $0.02 expense per quarter in the fourth quarter, should that actually stay about the same next year or would it like go up or go down. And then how long would it take for you do get a return on this, I am assuming it’s like 1% to 2% headwind on earnings growth next year, but you could let me know if that’s right or not. And then on the share buybacks you – obviously, your capital position is fairly strong, so I am just wondering and you stayed with the $1 billion guidance but just wondering why you did less in the second quarter than that would have – than we would have expected given your $1 billion guidance?
Ken Janke: This is Ken. Regarding the expenses related to the change to the salary position we will know a lot more in the next couple of months as we budget because of that amount about half is related to the state operating expenses that Aflac will now be responsible for. In addition, it also includes the overhead that it will take to manage in effect 66 tele workers around the country plus their, whatever administrative staff, they have a secretary or admin that we also pull in on. So, we will have to tighten down those expenses, but that’s the best estimate right now. That – so we are layering on fixed cost. There is an expected offset with the reduction in variable costs, because we will now – you should see total commission expense as a percentage of revenues declined going forward, because we are not going to be paying out renewals for that level of the hierarchy any longer. So, the more that we sell, the shorter the payback period in terms of that reduction in variable expense offsetting the fixed expense that we will be putting on the income statement.
Jimmy Bullar - JPMorgan: But did those end to sort of the – the net of the higher fixed minus the variables, it’s more like an ongoing expense at least initially as opposed to one-time type expense?
Ken Janke: Right. It is more – you will see in year two meaning the second 12 months, you see a larger offset, because you always would see sales coordinator position will still be – they are in effect – they are still earning commissions on business that they had written all the way up to September or will write all the way up to September 30 of this year. So, the drag is really greater in the first year than it would be in the second.
Jimmy Bullar - JPMorgan: Got it. Yes.
Ken Janke: On your follow-up question on share repurchase, when we buy, we want to make sure that we are buying in a manner that we are acting as a responsible investor. We try and buy below the VEP, which we did in the second quarter and we have generally been able to do. We want to stay on track for the full year amount of $1 billion and trying to be as opportunistic as we can. So, really it was just some judgment on our part based on market conditions, volumes the way the stock was trading so on and so forth, but we still again expect to be at the $1 billion mark for the full year. We will have to see how that plays out between third and fourth quarter.
Jimmy Bullar - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Jay Gelb, Barclays, your line is open.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Thank you. I want to circle back on something that was mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks with regard to Japan Post I believe it discussed rolling out the new Japan Post specific policy. My sense was that was going to be done earlier. So, can you give us some perspective on what’s the delay there?
Dan Amos: We will let Tohru answer. Tohru?
Tohru Tonoike: The cancer product now designed specifically for the Japan Post, our plan was, I don’t know if we had sold the market that we were going to introduce that product earlier. So, we are working on that. We are working exactly as we have been planning. So, I don’t seem to understand exactly what your question is?
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Sure. Well, my question is my understanding is it’s a pretty simplified product. So, I am not sure what the delay is in terms of launching it specifically within the Japan Post system?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, this is Kriss. I will just kick in. It – we have to get it approved by the FSA. We had a party day that pretty much the anniversary of the new agreement, which would be around October 1. We didn’t anticipate implementing it prior to that time. So, if you could have the impression we were doing it earlier, it was somewhat inaccurate, but we are more or less on track with our original plan to get the JP specific product in their hands, hopefully around the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Okay. And then my follow-up question is also on Japan for the third sector growth outlook for 2015/2016 at fab, you discussed the range of 2% to 8% given that’s been narrowed for 2014, I would like to kind of see if you can update your confidence level in achieving that target for 2015/2016?
Kriss Cloninger: I think it’s too early. What we don’t know is the uncertainty of Japan Post and specifically how Kampo will do with the new product. At the end of the third quarter, we can probably shed a lot better light on that.
Dan Amos: And I don’t believe those were actually our sales projections, I believe those were data that was placed into Kriss’ financial projections they shared with you. And clearly articulated the time that they really are meant to be projections, but meant to be ranges of assumptions that we would articulate. When we get to the end of this year, we will do as we typically do and give out our sales guidance for the coming year and I feel like that time we’ll be better able to give you forward looking guidance.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Alright, look forward to that. Thank you.
Operator: Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I just wanted to ask you a question about the change in the seasonality, the earnings pattern here. If I go back three or four years ago, you saw what was an emerging pattern of 4Q earnings to be lower based on what you guys had flagged as timing of higher expenditures in 4Q. And now you’ve definitely seen that spill into 3Q and it started happening last year and it seems to be more pronounced now. So, you’re getting a very big delta between what you’re earning in the first half of the year versus second half of the year. And you flag some of the higher back half earnings and I got that, when you gave our guidance. But the order of magnitude here is a lot bigger than I’d have guessed, looking at a 15% earnings drop sequentially that you’ve guided too. Can you peel back the onion a little bit and talk about how much of that is expenses, how much of that is benefit ratio change that we’ve seen on some of these newer products and anything else you could elaborate on.
Kriss Cloninger: Tom, it’s Kriss, now I try to address that, yes, we’ve – we have had lower earnings in the second half of the year than the first half and then part of its due to the reason you’ve identified sometimes or cautious on our expense initiatives and first half of the year and as we’ve moved through the year and gained more certainty that we’re going to be able to achieve our annual EPS guidance then we kind of loosen the strings a bit and particularly in the marketing promotion area may have a larger expenses that’s been true gosh for years now. Not just last three or four years may be more recently in Japan. The other thing that has gone on traditionally, Tom is that we – now that we’ve had all of the stock stuff in place for years and years we’ve had to define the process of evaluating our claim reserve estimates in the like with the auditors and we’ve got a particular process employees where we evaluate certain reserves in the third quarter and certain other reserves in the fourth quarter. And so the historic patterns reflected some reserve strengthening for example in closed blocks like dementia due to lower interest rates than anticipated in the reserving in the like. And we’ve had some reserve strengthening over time for that that tends to occur to some extend the third quarter, some extend the fourth quarter. So, that’s been more financial reporting seasonality than an actual benefit reserve seasonality. This past year, we did a reinsurance agreement in the fourth quarter that actually improved benefit ratios in the fourth quarter relative to the third. We’ll have the reporting of that reinsurance fully integrated into our benefit ratios by the end of the third quarter and we’ll give some improvement in the third quarter benefit ratio in 2014 compared to the third quarter of 2013, Robin identified that was about 0.5 point improvement in the benefit ratio in the second quarter of this year and will be again in the third quarter and the fourth quarter that will be in the system we’ll have direct comparability so that improvement will go away. When we do have some seasonality claim patterns that we reflect in the financial statement more today than we used too, we used to be able to move them out a little bit. And these days, the accounts are more sensitive to smoothen anything else, so we have to go more with the actual seasonality of things and claims tend to be lower in the first part of the year as people they tend to back load business for the doctor in the actual claim processing partly due to deductibles and the like, but partly just due to the holidays and other seasonal patterns. So that’s a long answer to a pretty short question, but I will focus more on the accuracy of the annual estimates. And we did because we exceeded our six month EPS increased – exceeded our annual high end of the range of 5.4% was greater than our annual range of 2% to 5%. And because of some of the anticipated expenses we have talked about earlier, we decided to tighten the range within the 2% to 5% going to 3% to 4%. So that’s some of the rationale behind it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That’s helpful Kriss. And so if I am interpreting your answer correctly this is a pattern that we will continue to see each year directionally much greater order of magnitude in terms of first half earnings and second half earnings, in part normal higher expenditures but also the benefit ratio that change being more directly reflective of claim payment patterns, is that a fair way to put it?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes. That’s a fair way to put it. I do want to just say that I specifically mentioned dementia reserves and we have had a couple of increases over the last couple of years. But right now we don’t anticipate doing that in the third and fourth quarter. We will have to look at the interest assumptions behind the reserves. But with the stabilization of investment yields in the total portfolio and the like we don’t think we have got that kind of interest rate exposure we had in the past that led us from reserve increases, so that’s a favorable thing.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Christopher Giovanni of Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. Good morning. I guess first one just on in terms of medical sales clearly alluded to the tough comp in the back half of this year, but I want to think about the sustainability of the quarterly sales we have seen so far year-to-date?
Kriss Cloninger: Sustainability in quarterly sales.
Dan Amos: Medical.
Kriss Cloninger: We have seen beginning last year very strong sales in our medical product. We anticipated that the medical sales would sustain slightly better growth in the first half of this year than we originally saw. That said, we still believe that the product continues to go in a strong manner. We are focused on the standard medical plan, not our gentle ever plan at this time. But we believe those products will continue to sell well in the coming quarters. That said, it is the reality that competition continues to put out more and more new products all the time. And one other things that we have to continue to do one of the key reasons I mentioned earlier our desire to be able to launch products in a quicker manner is the sustainability of the length of time that a product last in terms of the boost of new sales. So we are constantly monitoring that. We do believe we still have continued tailwinds with our medical plan for some period of time, but we continue to notice that, but amount of time that a new product is lasting is slightly less than it used to be.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then for Dan sort of a silly question but given your recognition that you won’t be growing kind of at the pace you have in the past, the increased focus you have on capital generation returning capital to shareholders, I guess why continue to have such an emphasis or heavy emphasis and probably you stated goals around sales targets?
Dan Amos: As we are a sales company and I expect sales to grow. And there I believe it sets a trend for us to what ultimately earnings are going to be and persistency is in that number and other elements. But I want to – I believe that ultimately when the agent does well everybody else will do well. And that’s what we have got to see happen here. And I am committed to fixing this in the U.S. and believe we will be able to do it. I put my reputation on the line of trying to fix this and that’s what I get paid big bucks to do is to fix things. And I understand that’s the way it works. And I am willing to go out on a limb and telling I expect third quarter sales to be down but I want to see an upward movement in fourth quarter and I know that’s quick knowing how hard it is to make changes sometimes. But that’s where I am focused and that’s what I will continue to do.
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss, I pushed down a bit, so look we got to have the revenues to build the house – the house of earnings. And we have done well at building earnings over the period and sales are an important part of the earnings for Aflac U.S. The premium income for Aflac U.S. is probably at least 25% first year and about 75% renewal. In Japan its not is big, it’s little less than 10% first year premium 90% to 92% renewal. But I need that growth in first year premium to help grow the revenues overall if we are going to get earnings growth. So that’s why it’s important to keep getting new sales and to keep pushing on new sales estimates and the like to achieve our overall financial objectives which include growth in earnings per share.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Robin Wilkey:  Carol, we are coming up to the top of the hour, so will have one last question please.
Operator: Joanne Smith, Scotia Capital. Your line is open.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: And I have always thought that those were the guys who had the biggest existing books of business?
Dan Amos: We only call we didn’t get any of your question. You just came on in the middle and start back and so we can hear which question is…
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Okay. So can you hear me better now?
Dan Amos: Now, we can.
Joanne Smith – Scotia Capital: Okay. So if my recollection is correct, my understanding of the state sales coordinators has been they are the ones that have the largest historical in-force book and that they are earning most of their money on the commissions that their getting from that. And those aren’t going away. However, if those state sales coordinators do not chose to pick on the new position of Market Director, what is the outlook for those books of business and is there the potential for them to move those to some other carrier is in fact they move to a different – a different company as a rep?
Dan Amos: First of all, it’s not their book of business is based on the people that work for our company. I was a state sales coordinator for 10 years, so I will understand totally and now you can’t move it that easily. So that’s one half. The other thing is we have not had a single state sales coordinator not go for this new program. It’s going to be the highest paid in the industry. They like it. There is a wonderful retirement – for your salary we put out the equal amount for retirement. So they like it very much. But they will become more of a manager than just a sales manager. They will look at profit, they will look at all aspects. So I am very pleased with we had them sign confidentiality agreements and we introduced this a week go and to adjust them in six locations, we had them at the exact same time took away all cell phones we are very pleased because – we are pleased of where we offered them. This is a great deal for them. It is a great deal for the company because we now can be a united front. We don’t have 50 independent people running state organizations or in this case 65 go in different directions. We will unite with the strongest brand that’s out there in the insurance industry and be able to push forward with what I believe will ultimately drive our sales. Now again I warned you the third quarter, but the fourth quarter in going forward I have been in sales, it’s in my blood and I just think we can do this. So we will wait and see but that’s where outlook added now.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Okay, okay, Dan. Just as a follow up very quick, so the first quarter you are looking for an uptick, is this something that you think is I mean as – this is not like a major change that would be disruptive for an extended period of time, is that what you are suggesting that people are on board that now they are going to be directed towards what the overall objective of the company is which is to bring in the sales of the core small business employer for some of these agents that are not going after the large cases, etcetera. So, you think that this is something that can get implemented and it could be back to business as usual by fourth quarter and we should start to see some improvement then?
Dan Amos: Well, one reason I am optimistic about an uptick in the fourth quarter was it was such you are right in fourth quarter last year. So, I didn’t like our sales last year, so that’s the reason that I am encouraged about that. I don’t want to be too optimistic in terms of it not being somewhat disruptive. Remember, all these people are used to being independent contractors. So, it’s a change of the way they have operated. But we think that we can mold the way we are going to do it in a way that they are going to like it and it will be less disruptive for them, but any time you change jobs and this is a change in job, there is some disruption, but I think the districts making higher money in between is going to help offset the disruption, because here these districts are as we are announcing this making more money. So they need to be out there selling, because we have only guaranteed it through the end of the year, although I hope will possibly continue it if it works. So, while we have got this disruption at the state level, we have got this enormous positive thing happened at the district level, which I think will help drive sales. So, that’s why I am encouraged. But look I am an internal optimist when it comes to sales. I don’t want to overstep it, but as I said, I will be very disappointed, if I don’t see an uptick in the fourth quarter. And then going forward, I expect to see improvements.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Okay, thanks very much, Dan.
Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations: Carol, I think we are out of time. If anybody wants to follow-up with more questions, I and my colleagues will be available in Investor Relations and thank you for joining us today. Goodbye.
Operator: This does conclude our conference for today. All participants may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - SVP of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger - President and CFO Ken Janke - EVP and Deputy CFO and President of Aflac US Eric Kirsch - EVP and Global Chief Investment Officer Paul Amos - President of Aflac Tohru Tonoike - President and COO of Aflac Japan 
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase John Nadel - Sterne Agee Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Eric Bass - Citigroup Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Suneet Kamath - UBS 
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
Robin Wilkey: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO, Aflac Incorporated and President of Aflac US; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us from Tokyo are Paul Amos, President of Aflac; and Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they’re prospective in nature; actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter, as well as our operations in both the U.S. and Japan. And then I’ll follow-up with a few financial highlights for the quarter and then we’ll take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am pleased that we met and in many cases exceeded our financial targets for the first quarter. Let me begin today with an update of Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Pre-tax earnings in yen were up 4.6% on a reported basis and 1.5% on a currency neutral basis. Sales of our third sector products in the first quarter were up 1.8%. This result is just slightly below our annual sales target and somewhat disappointing. Our focus this year remains on growing the sales of the third sector products. Last quarter, we communicated our expectations that sales of first sector products would be down significantly, 60% in fact in the first quarter of 2014. This was based on difficult impact in the first quarter of 2014. This was based on difficult comparisons to prior year for sector sales, which climbed considerably ahead of the premium rate increase in April of 2013. This quarter Aflac Japan’s first quarter product sales of first sector products were down 67.6%, which significantly contributed to our overall and new annualized premium sales decline of 48.7%. However, we continue to expect that for the second through the fourth quarters of this year, the sales of the first sector products will be down slightly compared to last year and we still believe that will be the case. Looking at the long-term sales growth opportunities, we remain encouraged as we continue to expand and develop distribution channels. This includes an agreement between Aflac Japan and Japan Post Holdings, which I believe will gradually but steadily benefit our cancer insurance sales in the coming years. As we ramp up the sales representatives at the 3,000 post offices that sale our products, I believe our 2014 expectations for Aflac Japan third sector sales to increase in the range of 2% to 7% is still reasonable. Now let me turn to the U.S. operations. In the first quarter, Aflac U.S. pre-tax profit margin was 20.8% and pre-tax operating earnings were up 7.9% for the quarter. Aflac U.S. sales declined 4.4%, which was discouraging considering our results last year, uncertainty around healthcare reform implementation has prompted many business and consumer to postpone the decision related to healthcare coverage specially with the groups 50 or less. However, amid this doubt and uncertainty, we believe the need for our products is just as compelling if not more than ever before. That’s the message, we will continue to convey to businesses and to their employees. Additionally, I believe we have also executed -- we have not executed as well as we should have. This year we’re taking several steps we think will help sales overtime, this includes a focus on recruiting and training in addition to performance management and improvement of our sales coordinators. At the end of the [launch], we completed the initial test works of Aflac’s exchange called Everwell. We are analyzing the first phase of the pilot program and are making adjustments to the platform based on those insights and field sales input. Taking into account the strategic initiatives along with the challenging economic environment I continue to believe that Aflac U.S. sales will increase in the range of flat to up by a percent for the full year for 2014. Turning to investments; I am pleased with the progress in the multi-year strategy to build out our investment division. Additionally we are on track to complete this build-out by the end of this year as we continue to make strides with the infrastructure, the people, the processes and the technology we are putting into place. Now I’m going to provide you an update on the consolidated financial performance which was strong for the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, operating earnings per diluted share rose 5.9% for the quarter. This result puts us slightly ahead of our annual target of 2% to 5% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of foreign currency. However as the year progresses, we expect to see increased spending and higher benefit ratios than we experienced in the first quarter. As a result, we continued to believe we’ll generate operating earnings per diluted share in the range of 2% to 5% on a currency neutral basis. On an operating basis, our first quarter annualized ROE was 22.7%. Keep in mind, Aflac’s ROE is sensitive to currency fluctuations because we are largely hedged our equity into dollars, but not all of our earnings. That means when the yen weakens, our ROE declines. Had the yen remained unchanged since the end of December, operating ROE would have been 26% in the first quarter. Based on our year-to-date returns, we expect to meet our ROE target range of 20% to 25% excluding the impact of foreign currency for the full year. We remained committed to generating strong capital ratios, both RBC and SMR on behalf of our policyholders and our bondholders. Although we have not yet finalized our statutory financial statements, we estimate that first quarter 2014 RBC ratio will exceed 775%. Additionally we expect that Aflac Japan’s estimated first quarter SMR will be above 750%. You will recall we anticipated repatriating approximately a ¥100 billion in 2014. Given our strong capital ratios and risk mitigation strategies, we now anticipate repatriating ¥127 billion yen this year. This increase in repatriation bolsters our liquidity and flexibility and gives us the utmost confidence in this year’s plan to repurchase $800 million to $1 billion for our common stock. It also allows us to focus more on positioning the SMR repatriation and repurchase for 2015. For nearly six decades, Aflac has been delivering on our promise we made to be there for our policyholders when they need us most by paying clients fairly and promptly. We continue to believe we’re well positioned in the two best insurance markets in the world. Our success in these markets has presented us with the privilege and the responsibility of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people who count on us to be there when they need us most and we have delivered on that promise. Now I’ll turn the program back over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. I’d like to go over some first quarter numbers this morning, especially those related to the yen impact which was notable. I will start first with Aflac Japan beginning with the currency impact for the quarter. During the quarter the yen weakened against the dollar 9.8%. In reference to the top-line in the yen terms, revenues as reported were up 2.2%, while excluding the impact of currency; revenues were up 1.5% for the quarter. Investment income, as reported, increased 9.4%. Excluding the weaker yen in the quarter on Aflac Japan’s dollar denominated investment income, net income rose 4.5%. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total revenues declined over last year going from 61.4% to 59.9% in the first quarter. Reinsurance impacted the benefit ratio by a negative 0.5% in the quarter. The improvement in the benefit ratio reflects typical seasonality, as it easily increases as the year progresses. Excluding the impact of the weaker yen, the benefit ratio for the quarter would have been 60.3%. The expense ratio increased in the quarter to 18.1%, up from 17.1% in the first quarter of 2013. Reflecting the improvement in the benefit ratio, the pre-tax margin increased going from 21.5% to 22.0%. Excluding the impact of currency, the pre-tax profit margin for the quarter would have been 21.5%. With the expansion of the margin, pre-tax earnings increased 4.6% in yen terms.  Excluding the impact of the yen, pre-tax earnings in the quarter increased 1.5% Now let me turn to some numbers for Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 1.2% for the quarter and persistency was 73.8% compared to 74.7% a year ago. And looking at the other operating ratios, the benefit ratio for the quarter was 47.1% compared to 48.0% last year. The operating expense ratio improved slightly going from 32.5% to 32.1%. The profit margin was 20.8% compared to 19.5% a year ago. Primarily reflecting the improvement in the benefit and expense ratio, pre-tax operating earnings increased from 3.6% last year to 7.9% this year in the quarter. Now turning to some investment activity for the quarter, let me first start with Aflac Japan. Approximately 74% of new cash flow was invested in JGBs for a weighted-average yield of 1.51%. During the quarter, 26% or $1.1 billion of new cash flow was invested in U.S. securities for a weighted-average yield of 3.37%. As a result, the total new money yield in Japan for the quarter was 1.99%, up 47 bps from December 31 and down 104 bps from a year ago. The portfolio yield was 2.86% at the end of March, up 6 basis points from the end of December and 15 bps lower than a year ago. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 4.33%, up 1 basis point from December 31. Turning to few other items in the quarter, non-insurance interest expense was $50 million compared with $48 million a year ago; parent company and other expenses $16 million compared to $17 million in the first quarter of last year. On an operating basis, the tax rate was 33.8% compared with 34.4% a year ago. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share were $1.69, in line with a year ago. The significantly weaker yen decreased our operating earnings per diluted share by $0.10 in the quarter. Excluding the yen impact, operating earnings per diluted share would have increased 5.9%. Lastly, let me remind you as Dan said, we’re reaffirming our objective for 2014 of a 2% to 5% increase in operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of the yen. In this year, we estimate that 1 yen move on the average annual exchange rate will equal approximately $0.031 to $0.037 per diluted share. So, if the yen averages a 100 to a 105 for the full year, we would expect operating EPS of $6.06 to $6.40 per diluted share this year. For the second quarter using the same currency assumptions, we would expect operating earnings to be somewhere in the range of $1.54 to $1.68 per share. I’d also like to take this opportunity to remind everyone that our Annual Financial Analyst Briefing Meeting will be held in New York on May the 22nd, and we hope to see you all there. Now we are ready to take your questions, but first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to that initial question. Now we’re ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan Chase. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase: Hi, good morning. I had a question on Japan third sector sales, so obviously they slowed a lot from the roughly 16% growth you had in the fourth quarter and the big part of that is the slowdown in the medical products. So maybe if you could discuss what’s going on there? And then related to that, how do you feel about the Post relationship and how that’s taken off and that just what your expectations are for how fast you can ramp up cancer sales by the Post?
Dan Amos:  Tohru?
Tohru Tonoike:  Yes, let me begin with our sales of the medical products. We started, we offered the new medical product in the August last year and have been selling pretty well for basically the full year. And it continues to sell well, even in the early part of this year. It is true that it does not sell as much as it used to be, but it’s just still maintaining the momentum. And the first quarter is always a little bit slow quarter, because every year our agents tend to slowdown a little bit after that busy fourth quarter. And so, but we are feeling pretty confident with the expectation of our medical sales going forward. And also that you asked about our expectation about the JP, Japan Post cancer product build up. And I can tell you that since October last year, when we expanded our operation with Japan Post, Japan Post and Aflac have been trying to build up the new level of the cancer business and we did it together and we have talked to each other and made an agreement how to do it and both Japan Post and Aflac are doing exactly what we have agreed. So the basis is building up as we have planned. But because of the magnitude of the organization of the Japan Post, the rollout has been slower than we had expected but we are working on that. And now that April is the first month of their financial year, so they have entered into new stage in which the new things are started. For example, sale of the cancer product, Aflac cancer product now clearly defined as an important part of the Japan Post as business plan, so they have more clear vision of the importance of that cancer product among the Japan Post. And also we expect that in addition to the Japan Post and the [compositions] company, will start working for us, as soon as their application for the new arrangement with Aflac is approved. So we are -- many good things, we’re expecting many good things in the near future. But I can’t tell you how soon we can do it, but we’re feeling pretty comfortable about the way it’s going.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase:  Thank you.
Operator: John Nadel, Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hey good morning everybody. Really a question for Kriss. Kriss you’ve been, if I’ve been following this correctly, I think you’ve been trying to shift our focus on repatriation from Japan from what used to be more of an earnings driven level of repatriations to one that’s more of a function of the capital ratios or SMR. So I guess the question is this, with the increase in your expected repatriation how should we think about what you guys are targeting for an SMR ratio if you allow for some stress and maybe more specifically the incremental ¥27 billion how do we think about that in terms of the impact on the SMR in points?
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. So you’re correct. I am trying to refocus the orientation of repatriation from FSA earnings toward the absolute level of the SMR. It’s not to say that we ignore FSA earnings at all, John, but….
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Yes, understood.
Kriss Cloninger: In making the decision to target a higher repatriation then originally projected, specifically a ¥127 billion instead of about a ¥100 billion house in Japan week before last and looking at projected SMRs as of the end of the first quarter and alike and concluded that if we kept about the same SMR that we had at December 31st, which was around 777 specifically not in the 750 to 775 range we could bring back about 25% more than we expected or the ¥127 billion number and still achieve that level of SMR. Now you made the observation that what’s our kind of risk adjusted SMR target I forget what the exact words you used were but it’s not the 775 is our target SMR and that’s got a cushion in it to allow for the fact that unrealized gains are substantial at the moment, what would the impact on the SMR be if interest rates went up some, what happens if we have some currency changes, what happens if credit spreads increase. And so we can absorb fairly a significant change in those factors and still stay above the what I’ve called the core target which is going to be closer to 600%.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Perfect.
Kriss Cloninger: It might be even a bit below that. Now we’re going to build out some of that John at the FAB meeting with the presentations Todd Daniels our Chief Risk Officer is going to make and Ken and I’ll offer additional comments. But you’re right on, we’re trying to produce an appropriate level of repatriation, primarily in relation to where our capital ratios are.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Very helpful. Thank you Kriss. And then just one quick follow-up on the level of investment spending in the quarter and for the year. If memory serves you had expected about $0.12 or $0.13 of incremental investment spending in 2014 over ‘13 can you give us some sense for how much of that was in the 1Q numbers, it doesn’t seem like much?
Kriss Cloninger: Well let me start and Eric may want to follow-up the $0.12 you mentioned was what I categorized as our headwind to increase in operating earnings per share on account of several investment related matters. One was lower yields than we started with at the beginning of last year because at the beginning of last year we put a lot of money into U.S. corporates in the first half of the year so we had a very good start on yield. This year we pulled back the second half of the year to invest more in JGBs, we restarted the U.S. corporates in the first quarter and I want Eric to comment on that. But a combination of lower investment yields in the first part of the calendar year 2014 compared to 2013, of somewhat lower level of new cash flow because of the decline in the first sector sales also impacted that $0.12 estimate and a very little of it related to investment operating expenses.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I appreciate that. I was actually referring more to this modernization type project you’ve got underway particularly in Japan I’m sorry.
Kriss Cloninger:  All right. The so called CVP project, yes I had estimated about $0.12 a share for that one also. So that’s where I got confused, but…
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Yes sorry. And my only point is it, it doesn’t look like expenses really picked up very much at all in 1Q and just wondering if there was any portion of that $0.12 already incurred in 1Q?
Kriss Cloninger:  Yes, there was. What we budgeted in estimating the $0.12 for CVP was in fact incurred in the first quarter of 2014. So, our spending is inline with the budgets that underlie the financial estimates.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. But is that more back half of the year loaded like is it $0.03 a quarter, it doesn’t seem like it’s $0.03 a quarter?
Kriss Cloninger:  I think it ramped up some, I don't specifically remember what it was by quarter. But I believe spending was scheduled to ramp up some throughout the year of 2014, but it was going to level out in 2015. So, it was like zero in the first quarter and $0.04 in the second third and fourth.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Kriss Cloninger: We have some in the first.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you, Kriss.
Kriss Cloninger:  Okay.
Operator: Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Hey Kriss one quick follow-up for you and then I had one on U.S. margins. So, the increase repatriation amount, can you just talk about planned uses of that? Is there the opportunity potentially upsizing the buyback for this year or should we think about that more for paying an upcoming debt maturity?
Kriss Cloninger: No, we’ve already provided for the upcoming debt maturity. We took care of that with the bond issue last year. This additional repatriation increases our financial flexibility, I thank it gives us more confidence; we’re likely to hit the high-end of the target on the share repurchase this year. But quite frankly, we just decided it last week and I really hadn’t had a chance to simulate it with treasury team here. But it increases our confidence; we can hit the upper-end of the share repurchase target. We already did for $15 million worth of $800 million to $1 billion target for the year. And we could have done more in the first quarter, but we want to keep some dry powder in case of market developments later in the year. So, I don’t know, Ken do you have any…
Ken Janke: The only thing I’d add to that it’s more likely that the additional repatriation will be warehoused in Columbus in the U.S. segment, but we have more than adequate dividend capacity if we elected later to send it to the parent company.
Dan Amos:  And the only other comment that I want to make is that we’re well aware of how much shareholders feel about additional capital and that they’d like to see it in the share repurchase. So, balancing that with what we’ve always said about the dividend will be continued the way we operate going forward.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. And then my question on the U.S. is margins are strong there, looks like it was coming from the reduction in the size of future policy benefit reserves meaning there were some kind of reserve drawdown. Was that related to lapses or can you provide some color on what happened there?
Ken Janke: Yes, this is Ken. It was related to the change in persistency that’s what largely drove it and you saw that also reflected in higher debt amortization. We also had lower operating expenses particularly general operating expenses and you know we’ve commentated last year in the third quarter that we’re undertaking some initiatives here to enhance our operations particularly in an enrollment initiative right now. And we haven't seen a lot of expenses associated with that yet. So, you will see that increase as the year progresses. And the other thing that I’d note in there is, you may remember last year we made some changes to our retiring medical and to moving from a defined benefit to a defined contribution plan for new hires. And as a result a lot of that savings flows through the U.S. segment and it’s actually those savings that we had anticipated using this funding, the initiatives that we are working on the U.S. So again our expectation would be that we would see higher benefits in the next several quarters which is typically our seasonal pattern and we would also see greater spending on some of the strategic initiatives that we have outlined. The two highest priorities within those initiatives, I would say other than the enrollment that I mentioned are the Everwell exchange platform and then building out the sales distribution at Aflac group, so that we can better penetrate the large case market.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Ken. And just one last follow up is the expectation that the higher [lapse], is that some you view that is a one off or are you seeing any evidence that that’s going to remain alleviated for a while?
Ken Janke: So we always see at a bit, its always a bit lower in the first quarter but it’s something that we are carefully monitoring. We continue to see some mixed economic data, and we don’t know to what degree that maybe driving, but it’s something that we are watching very closely.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Operator: (Inaudible), I am sorry Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Thank you. You may begin.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. I have a question on, excuse me the U.S. sales data and the change in recruiting agents and producing agents. So I believe this is the first quarter and about a year and half you’ve got an increasing recruiting agents but the producing agent count continues to decrease rather sharply. Could you just comment a little bit on the dynamics of the producing and recruiting agents, thank you?
Kriss Cloninger: Let me start, and I am sure Dan is going to want to add something to this as well. We have really been focusing the carrier side of our sales force meaning our sales management throughout the country to focus on the recruiting activity and the 3% increase that we saw in the first quarter I think is just the reflection of really our redoubled effort on recruiting. What we need to do is the process is to bring new recruits in and then have them convert to producing agents then you get that through training and mentoring through the coordinator system. And that’s the number that we are really focusing on turn. And we haven’t seen it yet but we have seen other activities, for instance improvements in the number of new payroll accounts that we think will lead to better our producers as we go forward.
Dan Amos: Yes. I have been now watching the U.S. and getting very actively involved for the last nine months or so. And we have created some short term disruption for what I believe will be long term growth. The segmentation of the why we do business to where our field force is concentrating on a 100 or less our core broker which is more brokers to deal with what I call community brokers and then national brokers. And our ability to pay higher commissions to the management team for 100 or less, I think it is going to be very positive now. The way we do it is not on first year commission and some renewal commission. So they actually won’t see the benefits until January of next year, I mean you just call out me telling I am going to give you $100 versus hand it to you. And so it has a little slower impact even though we are (inaudible) statements of whether it will be and things of that nature. It takes a little while, but I do believe that there is great opportunity there for us. And I think the second quarter will still be down slightly, I want to be clear on that. But I think the second half, I am expecting it to be up. All that being said, we have got to execute well, we have got some problems on our own that we are working on, but I am encouraged because I believe with change comes disruptions but it also offers opportunity. And I believe there is lot of opportunities for us and we are working hard on doing that. And I believe ultimately we will prevail and see stronger growth, especially in the larger than 50 accounts because I think our individuals will continue to grow that business for us, but it would be actually easier to grow accounts 50 or more if we didn't have the field force, but I’ve got to deal with the field force who are so important to us and they are key to our growth. But I have to work that through and it’s just taking sometime. But I have been in talk to the vast majority of our field force, I’d say 80% to 90% of the field force I have been in front of, talked to and I’m encouraged by what I’m seeing, but it’s slower than I wanted to be. I’m frustrated that it’s taking longer than it is. But I do believe the fundamentals are there. And I could talk on and we’ll cover it in more detail at the FAB Meeting, but just because of a lot of financial questions you want, I’ll limit to that, but if you want to ask more, I’ll be glad to answer.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks Dan. And I appreciate that commentary. If I could just ask one follow-up, maybe just on Japan and Japan Post. And I believe this quarter in terms of talking about the Japan Post ramp up, this is the first time that just in your prepared script you’ve linked the 2% to 7% increase in sales with the ramp up of sales representatives in the 3,000 Japan Post offices. I’m just trying to reconcile those comments with Tohru’s comments that the roll out was slightly slower than expected. So, maybe if you could comment on that and if there is actually specific number of Japan Post cancer sales that’s built into that 2% to 7% guidance number? Thanks.
Dan Amos: Absolutely, there is a number built in to the 2% to 7% with Japan Post, but they have specifically asked us not to discuss that and we have to hear to their request. But most definitely and I believe they will achieve what they’ve told us. I generally found that to be true with all Japanese corporations. I saw it with [Daechi Life], I saw it with the bank channels I’ve seen with all the groups that we’ve dealt with that they come very close to meeting or exceeding the objectives that they set forth. Saying that, remember all the new objectives were reset effective April the 1st with it being New Year for them. And so, I do expect them to make those numbers, because they are committed to it. They see it as a positive for them not just for us as they make decisions on what they are going to do in terms of going public or whatever. It’s a big benefit to both us and to them. So, go ahead.
Robin Wilkey: And I would also remind you that the number of post offices almost doubled in March. So that’s just occurred where we went from 1,500 post offices to 2,980.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar, Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Good morning everybody. Going back to that last discussion about the cancer product sales in the Japan Post, I guess I’m still having a little difficulty reconciling a few of the previous statements where on the one hand we have the 2% to 7% growth guidance sale impact. On the other hand I think what was there in the past was that the Ever product and the impact from the August launch would bring by the second half of this year. And I believe Dan you also said that the cancer sale roll out would be gradual. I just, I have a very difficult time getting to the midpoint of it 2% to 7% growth range without much more substantial growth in cancer products. And I would be thankful for any additional color you could provide there?
Dan Amos: Well, what I would say is the actual number of counts or post office does not totally give you a number, because one office in (inaudible) is bigger than a 100 offices in other location. So, total number of offices won’t directly tell you, but symbolically it begins to set the pattern for what we're talking about that we have doubled and that we’re on the road to do this. So, the other thing that Tohru mentioned is, it is not just the post office, but also the sales organization of the post office eventually selling with us. And when it will come online and how they will do it. They’ve got which is compo; they have any normal sales force that is very, very strong in dealing with the consumers and exactly how that will come on. And all I can really tell you is that what I’ve said in the fourth quarter is, is that we absolutely expect to achieve that number. And I wish I could give you more color on it, but that’s part of doing business in Japan. As you may know or not know, one time people of other companies discuss something that was told not to do and it created enormous problems between the two companies. So, we don’t want any problems because we are working so well with them and appreciate. But we let me be clear, we don’t get to go at our pace, we have to go with their pace, but their pace and our pace are the numbers reflected in the sales target that I gave you.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And then one follow-up on U.S. sales and persistency, usually when I look at persistency coming down it’s some indicative of more of your shopping around in the turnover and you got sales hoping to be a bit lower, because you’re not benefiting from lower persistency on the other hand. Could you maybe add some color there on what’s hindering sales at this point?
Dan Amos:  Say that one more time?
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  Sure. In the U.S., I’m looking at persistency rates come down a bit even one year just for seasonality. Usually when you see some lower persistency, it often comes hand in hand with a bit more sales just because you see more turnover in accounts and more shopping around and we haven’t really seen that in the sales number this quarter. So, I was curious maybe you could give us a little more color on what’s been holding back sales?
Dan Amos:  Well, part of it is recruiting from the year before. There is no doubt in my mind that the recruiting has hurt us to a great degree, because there is enormous correlation between the number of new accounts, I mean the number of new recruits and the number of new accounts they open. And so, Tom, our Director of Sales has really been concentrating on ramping up the number of people that we hire. Also one of the things is simply putting in these new programs in the separation; we’ve had meetings that have disrupted us to a degree in terms of just short-term sales. But putting excuses aside, I just don’t think we’ve done a good enough job and we got to do better. I’m not going to go blame a bunch of stuff except us. And we’re going to pick it up and we’ve got little problems here and there on everything, but I believe the economy is no worse than it was if not a little bit better. I believe the accounts over 50, they’ve adjusted pretty much and there is no major change there. It seems to be a little bit of a problem with the accounts of 50 and less because they are uncertain to some degree and of course that’s where we write the majority of the business. But overall, I think we should be doing better and I’m going to be expecting more in the second half.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. So, there is 0% to 5% growth target or guidance you’re selling to?
Dan Amos:  I’m still believing that. And as I said, I’ll live for the fourth quarter; I mean second quarter to be down slightly. So, I don’t want to mislead you. But I will be hard lived with it and end up saying, I warn you now, you don’t have to tell them, they know it.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Bass, Citigroup. Your line is open.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Hi, thank you. Just had a couple of follow-ups on sales in Japan, I guess first could you talk a little bit about the product cycle in Japan and if that’s shortening at all? And I guess I was surprised a little bit by the sharp sequential drop off in medical sales, I would have thought this product in many ways is opening a new market for you, you still might have had a little bit of a longer sales cycle? And then secondly just on Japan Post, do you get any sense that agents maybe waiting to push the cancer product until the post exclusive product is rolled out later in the year?
Dan Amos: I can answer these, but I’m going to let Japan answer, whoever wants to.
Tohru Tonoike: Yes. So first about the medical products of U.S. instead the product cycle is shortening in Japan. And yes that doesn’t, but might be true to some extent, but we don’t see the big difference in the paired which the new product continues to be successful though. I think we are still within a period in which the sale is still good. Like I said, we see some decline from the fourth quarter last year to the first quarter of this year, but still close to 20% of the growth is a good number and we will be maintaining that growth rate as long as possible. The competition is very hard. That is true. But I think we are very competitive in that and we will be able to maintain our share in that. And those are the -- Japan Post, if it’s true that Japan Post wants to see the special product for them, but that doesn’t hold them back from selling the existing products now. They now as I told you before that from the April 1st, the sale of the cancer product is included in their annual business plan. So they have a good reason to say make efforts to the sales of cancer plant today. So if we can offer them the new product specific to them that will be nice. But even now they’re working very hard to expand their cancer business within their network.
Paul Amos: Yes. And one thing, this is Paul, one thing I’d like to chime in and say, we’re spending a good bit of time and resources on helping Japan Post get up to speed. As you remember back when we did the bank channel years ago, they took extended effort and that was for a smaller roll out in terms of total number of branches in the initial roll out. Here we’re rolling out a massive number of larger offices in a short period of time. In fact, as of April 1st, we’ve shifted 52 people over to work full-time on helping the post offices get up to speed. Now we know that’s going to be a gradual ramp up. We’re continuing to stay in front of each of the post offices and their sales staff to make sure it’s most effective process. In terms of product development, the reality is that we continue to keep our product development cycle moving as fast as possible. As you think about we’ve launched our medical plan last year, we planned to launch another third sector plan this year if at all possible and we continue to negotiate with the government and other people to make sure that happens potentially in the latter half of this year.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Great. Thank you for the color there. And if I could just ask one quick one on the investment portfolio, just what are you targeting now as a percentage of Japan cash flows to invest in U.S. dollar securities for 2014? And then should we still assume that that’s primarily corporates at this point, or are you expecting to broaden asset classes over the course of the year?
Dan Amos: Before Eric says that, this is Dan, I want to make one other comment. With products changing so fast which they are faster that’s the reason we need these additional funds for the computer update because things are changing new builds and whistles on products, new ways of doing things. So I just want to reiterate as you talk about these changing products and moving faster that’s one reason the expenses have gone up in our IT systems to be able to do that. So, now Eric sorry.
Eric Kirsch: Thank you Dan. No problem. Relative to 2014, looking at the entire year and primarily focused on the Japan portfolio, we would expect as a percent of all Japan cash flows, the U.S. dollar allocation to be in the 35% to 40% range. It could go higher depending on market conditions and our tactical decisions but we would expect that and the remainder to be in JGBs. Relative to new asset classes, we are ramping up those efforts. That’s always been part of our plan. I would acknowledge because of the volatility last year particularly with interest rates, we focused most of our resources and attention there. So the concept of the outsourcing in new asset classes did get slowdown but we’re ramping up those efforts again this year. Having said, it takes much of research of different asset classes, the ones that did our risk appetite. it takes working with our partners and accounting and finance to get prepared for that. So in terms of actual implementation in new assets, something could happen but it would be more likely to be towards the end of the year but I would certainly expect in ‘15 you’ll hear more about that with respect to new asset classes. And finally on the U.S. dollar allocation, and I think last quarter we talked about this and certainly at FAB I’ll talk about this, no it’s not going to be all in corporate securities. We’ve broadened out our investment capability and we’re thinking more tactically around markets. So when we think of the U.S. allocation, corporates fundamentally are very sound as you all I think would appreciate and agree from a credit standpoint. However, from a spread standpoint, technically speaking they’re at all-time lows and continue to get tighter because demand in the market for yieldy assets is very, very high but because of that, we're actually using a mix of U.S. treasury securities and corporates in our U.S. dollar allocation with the thought being we’d rather leave some dry powder for a later day. Now we’re going to meet our NII budgets, which we have an eye on as well. But within that, we’re going to use our discretion in terms of where markets are, spreads are, yield levels are to make tactical decisions within the asset class of U.S. dollars or frankly between U.S. dollars and JGBs as well. So that will develop through the year. But I think I’d give you a good roadmap of our expectations absent any big volatility in the market that could change that.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Eric Kirsch: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz, Raymond James. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Hey, good morning everybody. Looking at U.S. sales some follow-ups. Dan, can you pin point maybe what territories or what areas of the country that you found to be most disappointing when looking at the sales in the quarter?
Dan Amos: I was -- I'm sitting here trying in my mind break it down. I think four are up and four down. I know the Southeast is down and I know that the North is up, the way we do it. I can’t remember any of the specifics. But I do know those two particular ones. I know the Pacific, the number of recruits is way up and we're expecting that to continue. We’ve had a couple of management changes, so that impacts us too, but I'm trying to think of anything else. But it's more this -- I look at more of the states than I do the territory itself and what's going on from that perspective. And the place we've got to see growth is got to be California, New York, Florida, Texas. The same states you think of in terms of winning of Presidential election is the big states with the population. It's not going to be the Georgia. I mean house penetration and population as South Dakota, they are not going to carry us over. They're great state and they’re good example whereby to look to and that area of the country is doing very well. So I can mention them when I think about it. But it's got to be these metropolitan areas that have got to pull us for future growth. So, I’ll give you more detail about at the Analyst Meeting. I’ll break that out, getting broken out for you where you know more but I don’t know more than that.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: That's okay. Just I know you don't want to lay blame anywhere but you’ve got to wonder about, I got wonder about whether. Also on the number of agents, so one thing I noticed, maybe you could talk about this and I realize license sales agents isn’t a key parameter, but they did fall dramatically despite the increase new including. And I'm wondering if there was a change there, if there was a calling or anything like that going on.
Ken Janke: Steven, this is Ken. We did have a calling, we periodically do parts our agent records for non-producers, we also had some that failed to take required training and those are naturally purged as well. So it would kind of a -- it was a clean up if you will of the ranks. And we don't do it annually, but we do periodically and because that it does get noticeable.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. I'll stick to my two. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein, Evercore. Your line is open.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Hi, good morning. Kriss, if you said it, I missed it, I apologize, but what is the ratio of repatriation to expected year-end FSA earnings with the 127 billion of repatriation?
Kriss Cloninger: We had a gain on the reinsurance transaction during the FSA fiscal year ending March 31, 2014, that will be included in FSA earnings. The repatriation of a 127 billion lets’ say it's probably going to end up being around 80% again including the reinsurance gain, but it will be close to a 100% excluding the reinsurance gain. Again, I want to reiterate that are more focused on SMR than FSA earnings, but those are the order of magnitudes of the repatriation relative to earnings.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  I guess the question then becomes and maybe this is early and you’ll talk about it more in a few weeks, but I mean are we heading upon a new normal or a higher kind of standardized level for repatriation that we should be thinking about?
Dan Amos: Well I hope so, its my intend to continue to decrease the difference between the FSA reported earnings and say U.S. statutory earnings, or U.S. statutory earnings are increasing at a more rapid pace than FSA earnings. I talk someone on the road about the difference between FSA and staff to reserves and how the more conservative assumptions and the like underlying the FSA reserves and factor we have to post full strength net level reserves on an FSA basis, drags down our FSA earnings in the year, we write a lot of new business and statutory gives us a little bit of breakthrough than actual technique call pulmonary term. We’ve just seeing significant increases in FSA reserves, our stab reserves and I think the stab reserves, we are satisfy with those adequate from an economic point of view, and probably more than adequate from an economic point of view. So I am working toward reducing the difference between stab and FSA reserves which improves, will improve our ability to repatriate.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Okay. And then just finally any additional updates or progress on I guess release reducing of statutory stream potentially through internal or external reinsurance agreement?
Dan Amos: Well, we will probably have reinsurance as a significant tool to help us reduce the change in the difference between FSA and stab. I am going to give you some additional information on FAB about that what progressions are, but roughly the projected increase would be about 60 billion yen next year and the difference, I think I can use some techniques to manage that difference down and to allow more of that to follow FSA earnings. But again I am focused on the SMR more than earnings, but I am trying to manage our ability to repatriate up by creating a stronger and a more stable solvency margin, one that’s less subject to volatility and I think the reinsurance agreement we did this year, the other actions we took to minimize volatility and SMR give you an indicator as to why we were comfortable increasing repatriation this year and that is one of our management objectives.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Okay, thank you.
Robin Wilkey: I think we are coming to the top of the hour. So we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath, UBS. Your line is now open.
Suneet Kamath - UBS:  Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to go back to one of the responses to previous question, Dan I think in describing the U.S. sales force and all the dynamics. You may have comment I will try to pair phrase it, something like it would be easier to grow in the 15 over market without the field force. And I didn’t quite understand what you meant by that, can you describe that in a little bit more detail?
Dan Amos: Sure I would be glad to, what I am saying is that our field force is key to our business and as we deal with larger accounts broker don’t like to necessarily deal with our field force, but our field force is what build our company we have to keep them. So there is conflict between brokers and field force, so m to constantly keep the field force writing the accounts of 100 or less especially new people that are getting into business. And I can give you this is example, it’s kind corny but it’s a true story, I mean true example, if I have said to you, I am going to take you fishing and I am going to take you and you can fish in this lake and you will catch all the fish you want. But none of them will be bigger than a pound, but you’ll leave with all you want or I’ll take you over here and you can fish in this lake and you can catch a few, but there is a 10 pounder in there, almost everybody wants to go to the lake and try to catch the 10 pounder. That’s true with the sales force you hire a new person, they all want to go land the big account, but the fact is they will make a live in and they will be able to eat and do what they need to do on writing the one pounders or the small accounts. And trying to create that wage creates conflict and trying to keep them to do that. Because most of the time, our associates are going to do great with a 50 or less or 100 or less. But they are going to land the big ones, but brokers tend to land the bigger ones. So, is a disruption, before we just say go out and call on anything you want do whatever you want to do. And now we try to move them to the younger through call me smaller accounts through compensation. So, that’s what I’m talking about. 
Suneet Kamath - UBS:  Got it, okay. And then my follow up, is just if I think back to the history of Aflac U.S. when you had these sort of issues in terms of managing the field force. My recollection is it always seems to take a little bit longer to correct than maybe some of us think. Do you think that is potentially the case this time? Or do you think that, you could really get on top of this and really get to that 0% to 5% for this year?
Dan Amos: Well, I wouldn’t say it, if I didn't think it. I think it’s going to be top. But I’ve always found a way to win and my age makes no difference, I’d say I’m working harder and actually I’m enjoying it. There is lot of the strategies we’re putting in place are doing were carry over for things that have been going on in the past. It’s just the changing environment, it’s not that our strategies were wrong, it’s just things are changing. So, I still believe that I tell you I mean that’s why I said the second quarter is going to be down slightly. So, I’ll give you more inside into that at the FAB Meeting. But again, I believe with change comes opportunity. And I wouldn’t swap our U.S. market in our potential for anybody else out there. I mean I don’t want to be in the life insurance, I don’t want to be in a property casually. I still think our markets got the biggest potential. And I think we’re in the right place. And final thing I would say is we’re ending this call is we are a written trashy business either. The one thing that’s the undercurrent of everything we’re doing right now is look at the margins, look at the business we’re riding, we’re making sure that what we put on the books is good business and you don’t have to come back three years from now and say yes, you wrote all those sales increases. But they didn't end up being profitable and we’re not doing that. So, we’re being cautious and making sure as we take on new markets and new things, that we ultimately protect the shareholders and make sure we give a good value to the policyholders.
Suneet Kamath - UBS:  Understood. Thanks Dan.
Dan Amos:  Alright.
Robin Wilkey:  Thank you everybody for joining us. If you have further questions (inaudible) and we have to see you all at our Analyst Meeting on May 22nd. Thanks so much. Bye, bye. 
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger - President and CFO Paul Amos - President, Aflac Ken Janke - President, Aflac U.S, EVP and Deputy CFO, Aflac Incorporated Eric Kirsch - EVP and Global Chief Investment Officer Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan Teresa White - EVP, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Columbus Robin Wilkey - SVP, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations
Analysts: Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan John Nadel - Sterne Agee Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
Robin Wilkey: Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Ken Janke, President of Aflac U.S, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us today from Tokyo are Paul Amos, President of Aflac; and Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan. Before we get started, let me remind you that some statements in the teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they’re prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and the year as well as our operations in Japan and the U.S. I will follow-up with a few financial highlights for the quarter and the year and then we will be taking your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin, and good morning. I am pleased that we met and in many cases exceeded our financial targets for the quarter and for the year. Let me begin today with an update of Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Pre-tax earnings in yen were up 16.9% for the quarter and 13.6% for the year, reflecting a stronger dollar. Sales of our third sector products were up 15.7% for the quarter and for the year third sector sales increased 4%, which was at the high-end of the annual sales target of flat 5%. The increase in third sector sales largely reflects a favorable response to our newest ever medical product introduced in August and innovative advertising promotions of this product. As anticipated our largest medical policy has proven especially popular with consumers in their 20s to 40s. Even our under penetration of this demographic, I’m especially pleased that these efforts do appeal to consumers in their 20s to 40s that yield very positive results for us. Consistent with our expectations, Japan’s new annualized premium sales in the fourth quarter declined 33.3% for the quarter and 29.1% for the year. These results are largely attributable to the significant decline in the sale of WAYS product following the repricing of first sector products in April. Reflecting on the expansion of our distribution channels, we’re pleased with our agreement with Aflac Japan and Japan Post Holdings. I believe that in the coming years cancer sales through Japan Post will steadily benefit our business. If you recall the first sector sales particularly WAYS were very strong in the first three months of last year leading up to the premium rate increase that took effect in April of 2013. As a result, we expect first sector products to be down 60% in the first quarter of 2014 due to very difficult comparisons to last year. However, the second through the fourth quarter of this year we expect the sale of first sector product to be slightly down compared to last year. Most importantly, though, our focus this year will remain on growing the sales of third sector products. As such, we anticipate third sector product sales to increase 2% to 7% in 2014. Now let me briefly discuss U.S operations. Pre-tax earnings were down 1.3% for the quarter, but up 4.1% for the year. For the year Aflac U.S pre-tax operating earnings were ahead of our target. In the fourth quarter, which typically generate our largest sales production, Aflac U.S annualized premium sales had a disappointing 10.4% decrease. This results contributed significantly to our full year sales decline of 4.3%. In recent quarters we’ve acknowledged the impact of healthcare reform, especially to the accounts less than a 100, most notably accompanying confusion and problems associated with the federal exchange. We believe this kind of reoccurring uncertainty is linked in the sales process as small businesses, especially are more hesitant to engage in changes to healthcare reform. They want to gain greater access and -- regarding the implementation of affordable healthcare act and how it’s going to affect them. Saying that, a sales decrease of 10% in a quarter is unacceptable to us. The one constant has been and continues to be the need for our products. There is no plan, not even the best major medical plan that is designed to cover all out-of-pocket expenses. We will continue to drive home the need for our products to businesses and ultimately their employees. You’ve heard us say many times in the past that part of our job is to gain access to employers to ensure our products are conveniently available to consumers. I'll remind you that about 98% of our products are sold for the work site and more than 90% of those sales come through smaller employers with a 100 employees or less. As such, we’re working on several key initiatives in 2014 that support our multi-faceted distribution network in reaching out to business of all sizes. With respect to our career agents, first we’re focusing on recruiting and training. Second, we're concentrating on performance management for the territory directors and sales coordinators. Third, we’re in the process of piloting Aflac’s proprietary exchange which is geared to employers of 100 employees or less, but those of 50 or less are our primary target. Fourth, we’re incentivising the management of our career sales agents to focus on smaller businesses, while working with brokers to write larger businesses and to that end in October we’re putting a strategic and tactical focus on businesses with less than a 100 employees by aligning our recruiting, training, compensation and market incentives to encourage specific activity and sales in that segment. Additionally, we’re continuing to focus with brokers on a regional and national level to give us better access to mid and large markets. We have already represent more than 60 benefit administration platforms, sometimes referred to as exchanges with various brokers. I believe 2014 will be a good year for broker sales as we continue to push to segment our distribution. Finally, we will continue to seek opportunities to leverage our strong brand and relevant product portfolio in an evolving healthcare environment. While some facets of the U.S economy has shown signs of improvement, we continue to see a challenging economic environment in the U.S. Many small employers are still very guarded with respect to their business outlook including their hiring plans. This can impact the universe of potential policy holders we’ve access to. Taking into account all the strategic initiatives, design to empower our sales force in 2014 along with the challenge in economic environment, we expect the Aflac U.S sales in 2014 to be flat to up 5%. When we look back over our investment performance in 2013, our decision to enhance and protect our SMR by allocating more new money to JGBs suppressed our new money yields. But despite taking a more conservative investment path last year, our average new money yields of 2.47% in 2013 was still slightly higher than 2012 results. As we enter 2014, we’re reviewing our asset allocation strategy related to Japan new money investments. Based on current capital position and market outlook we’ve resumed purchasing U.S dollar securities for Aflac Japan’s portfolio within ranges consistent with our asset and strategic allocation plans and product needs. We will continue to evaluate the allocation strategy based on investment market dynamics and capital and make tactical changes consistent with our outlook. Turning to Aflac Incorporated, our consolidated financial performance was strong for the quarter. Excluding the impact from foreign currency, operating earnings per diluted share rose 6.8% for the quarter and 5.2% for the year. This result puts us slightly ahead of our annual expectation of a 5% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of foreign currency. While policyholders are top of mind, we also strive to enhance shareholder value through repurchasing our shares and increasing the cash dividend. We believe these are important – the most attractive uses of capital and those are the avenues we will continue to pursue. For the full year, we purchased $800 million of shares which greatly exceeds our original target we set at the beginning of the year of $400 million to $600 million. As we said in the third quarter, we expect share repurchase in 2014 to increase over 2013 levels to be in the range of $800 million to $1 billion. Our advice for 2014 is to frontload our purchases as such we expect to purchase $400 million to $500 million of our shares in the first quarter. I'm also pleased that we increased our cash dividend to shareholders last year. 2013 marked our 31st consecutive year in which we've increased the dividend to shareholders. Our objective is to grow the cash dividend at a rate generally in line with our operating earnings before the impact of the yen. Finally, taking into account the headwinds and tailwinds we've covered, I want to reiterate our primary financial objective in 2014 which is to increase operating earnings per diluted share 2% to 5% on a currency neutral basis. We continue to believe that we are well positioned in the two best insurance markets in the world. We're fortunate that we have the privilege of providing financial protection for more than 50 million people worldwide who count on us to be there when they need us most. Now, I'll turn the program over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. I'd like to get through some fourth quarter and annual numbers this morning especially as related to the yen impact which was strong, and I'll start first with Aflac Japan. Beginning with the currency impact for the quarter and the year, during the quarter, the yen weakened against the dollar 19.5% and for the year, the yen weakened 18.2%. In reference to top line in yen terms, revenues as reported were up 4.1% for the quarter. Excluding the impact of currency, revenues were up 2.6%. Investment income as reported increased 15.7%. Excluding the weaker yen in the quarter, Aflac Japan dollar denominator and investment income, net income rose 5.5%. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total revenues declined over last year going from 63.9 to 61.2 in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact from the reinsurance agreement initiated in the third quarter, the benefit ratio for the quarter would have been 60.8%. Additionally, if you exclude the impact of the weaker yen, the benefit ratio for the quarter would be 62.1%. Now looking at the expense ratio, it was up 18.9%, up from 18.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012. This increase reflected additional spending in line with our expectations. Reflecting the improvement in the benefit ratio, the pretax margin increased during the quarter going from 17.7% to 19.9%. Excluding the impact on currency, the pretax profit margin for the quarter increased 18.8%. With the expansion of the margin, pretax earnings increased 16.9% in yen terms. Excluding the impact of the yen, pretax earnings in the quarter increased 9.3%. The reinsurance agreement from the third quarter had approximately an $8.2 million pretax income on earnings and a $5.4 million impact on an after-tax basis. Now let me turn to Aflac U.S., total revenues rose 1.4% for the quarter. Persistency for the year was 76.8% compared to 77.1% a year ago. Looking at the operating ratios, the benefit ratio for the quarter was 52.7% compared to 50.8%. This reflected various reserve adjustments made in the fourth quarter. The operating expense ratio improved going from 34.6% to 33.1% reflecting less than anticipated spending in the quarter. The profit margin was 14.2% compared to 14.6% a year-ago. Reflecting the increase in the benefit ratio in the quarter, pretax operating earnings decreased 1.3%. Now turning to investment activities for the quarter, let me first start with Aflac Japan. Approximately 94% of new cash flow was invested in JGBs for an average yield of 1.37%. As a result, the total new money yield in Japan for the quarter was 1.5% down 48 basis points from September 30 and down 121 basis points from a year ago. Portfolio yield was 2.8% at the end of December, down 18 basis points from the end of September and 7 basis points lower than a year ago. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 4.32%, a decline of 19 basis points from September 30. The yield on the portfolio at the end of December was 6.01%, down 5 basis points from September 30. Turning to a few other items in the quarter, non-insurance interest expense was 51 million compared with 50 million a year ago. Parent company and other expenses was 17 million compared to 6 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. On an operating basis, the tax rate was 34.4% compared to 34.1% a year ago. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share declined 5.4% to $1.40. The significantly weaker yen decreased operating earnings by $0.18 per diluted share for the quarter. Excluding the impact of the yen, operating earnings per share for the quarter would have increased 6.8%. Lastly, let me comment and reiterate some of the statements that Dan's already made. We have reaffirmed our objective for 2014 in the 2% to 5% increase in operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of the yen. This year, we estimate that 1 yen move on the average annual exchange rate will equal approximately $0.03 to $0.0325 per diluted share. Assuming the yen dollar exchange rate remains at the 2013 full year average rate of 97.54, we would then expect 2014 objective of a 2% to 5% growth to be in the range of $6.31 per diluted share to $6.49 per diluted share. Now we're ready to take your questions, but first let me remind you to be fair to everyone, limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up question that relates to your initial question. Now, we're ready to take the first call. Do we have a caller on the line?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from Chris Giovanni from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: First question just around the outlook for third sector sales in Japan and I guess I'm wondering why the target isn't higher given the momentum you've seen with the medical product, and how underpenetrated that younger age cohort is? And then really no benefit at all to-date from cancer and my understanding is you should the post specific product kind of on-boarded here in the second half of the year?
Paul Amos: This is Paul. I'll tell you, first of all, we do expect strong momentum in the first quarter and the second quarter and that will be a continuity coming from the EVER launch in the second half of last year that drove extremely strong third and fourth quarter third sector sales. It's because of that strong third and fourth quarter that we’re up against difficult comparisons of course, medical product is going to sell in a higher level than the cancer plan in general, as well as the market is growing at a faster pace. That being said, we remain confident about our Japan Post partnership and are continuing ability to grow that. As we said, it is a long partnership that is focused on growing it steadily. We have continued to expand the number of post offices, but doing so slowly and it really been a later half of the year before we see a significant number of post offices begin to come online. As you stated, the cancer plan is something we are focused on revising at this point pending approval from the government and focused on selling that plan with a specific plan for the Japan Post system. At this point, however, we’re still in the process of developing that plan with Japan Post. I can’t go over the specifics of that, but we feel very optimistic about it. That being -- all of that being said, all of that is modeled in the 2% to 7%. And we’re -- I think that's where we’re and I think we’re confident about the numbers and what we're going to see for this coming year.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then maybe one for Eric. Can you talk about the decision kind of to get back into the U.S securities asset class and then how we should be thinking about with rates kind of back down here managing the volatility of the SMR when rates should rise again, since this -- clearly isn’t eligible for that PRM category?
Eric Kirsch: Sure. My pleasure. Well, going back in the last couple of quarters when the volatility hit last year and we change the asset allocation, you will recollect I had said that we were going to spend significant time on recalibrating our SMR given the reinsurance, how the capital position went up to the risk factors we’re exposed to, in particular, in the AFS category. And those risk factors being yen interest rate, dollar interest rate, currency and credit spread. So a great body of work has been completed on that, which was our goal during the fourth quarter, so that we could go into the year with a much clear path. And given the higher capital levels that we’ve and all of our modeling, we can sustain if rate should increase that negative impact to SMR, of credit spread should rise, yen yield should rise. So we could still be within the SMR levels that management wants us to be in. So SMR is now at a comfortable level where when those things happen in the market, we can absorb an SMR, that those impacts from unrealized gains and losses. The other thing I would comment on as well, there is a correlation effect between these factors. So when U.S rates are going up suggesting a strong economic growth here, the dollar is strengthening, the yen is weakening. But we’ve currency exposure in our SMR. So those are risk factors that kind of offset each other. So with all of that modeling and our view of that capital market, that allowed us to go into the year with a view that we can get back on our path of the original strategic asset allocation from Goldman. However, we’re going to be much more tactical on how we implement that. So the second part of your question is as we’re looking at the year, a few things with respect to our U.S allocation that are based on today's outlook and the capital position. One, we’ve turned on the program. Secondly, we’re not going to think of it just as corporate bonds. It’s a bucket of U.S assets and we will use our discretion within my investment group to swap, if you will, between maybe U.S treasury securities and corporate securities based on typical relative value analysis. So as an example as you all know in the corporate world, the fundamentals are very rich. On corporate they’re very healthy, but credit spreads are at their tightest, almost at all-time lows. So we’re not expecting a lot of tightening. We're also not expecting this year given our economic outlook for the U.S., the credit spreads are going to (indiscernible) a lot. But I don't really want to overweigh the corporate allocation when corporate spreads are so tight, but I like the yield differential between U.S rates and Japan rates. So within that U.S bucket throughout the year, we will use our discretion from a relative value standpoint on how to allocate within the U.S bucket. And the other thing I should mention as well, the U.S program last year was targeting more or less at 10-year duration. We’re targeting a lower duration now in light of the fact that our view is throughout the year, rates will rise and certainly in January we saw rates come down quite a lot because of the volatility in the emerging markets. But by putting any new money into a shorter duration bucket of U.S assets, we’re in essence building up protection for the event that rates rise, so our unrealized losses won’t be as great. But over the long-term from an economic perspective, we’re very bullish that these are very positive to the long-term health of our balance sheet and our earnings stream.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks for the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Hi, everybody. Dan, I think you briefly mentioned progress on the Everwell platform and on to broker exchanges in the U.S. I was wondering A, if you could give us a little more color on the Everwell progress? I think on the last call you talked about it has been 68. So where does that stand today? And then on the broker exchanges, I think you had mentioned being on 60 today, which seems significantly greater than where you were a quarter ago. So if you can give us any thoughts on both?
Dan Amos: Let me make a couple of statements and then I will have Ken talk a little bit more detail as we’re all working together to do this. The one thing I think is important that all of you understand is we introduced a major change with our field force. As you know we’re probably the only Company out there that is concentrated so heavily on accounts of 100 or less. It’s always been our bread and butter; it’s always worked very well for us. Our agents have also rolled the accounts of 100 or more. But what we’ve seen here as we’ve seen those accounts of a 100 or more shift more to dealing with brokers. So as we started several years ago, we started seeing the brokers coming in and we started to put them in our market to some degree.
 : Now we’re not saying you can’t do it, we’re just paying to move you that way. We’re then working with the agents to where these agents will work with brokers to try to enroll what I would call the local brokers more and they end through our plans with Aflac group, we’re doing the national brokers. So this is a major shift that all occurred in the fourth quarter. And at the same time we’re now getting ready as you talked about to move to Everwell with the small businesses, which especially will be 50 and less. And of course we got the delay with the Obamacare that now it won’t go into effect till next year. So all those things kind of hit at the same time, which I think accounted for part being our problem, part being that we arrive more small business, but all in all, unacceptable numbers in my case. So I will let Ken talk a little bit about specifically your Everwell and what we're doing there and then if Teresa wants to follow-up with any comments she is welcome to. Ken.
Ken Janke: Yes. Let me start on the Everwell exchange. We’re right in the middle of the pilot. We had orchestrated an extended pilot from October 1st through the end of March of this year. It's actually in three states, one of which we’ve our appointed agents in that area have access to not only our products, but major medical as well as vision, dental and life and then the other two test states right now. They’re limited to all the products -- they’ve all the products, but not a major medical, because it is such a sweeping change in how we maybe enrolling the small businesses in the future, we wanted to take a very pragmatic and conservative approach to this. So we’ll evaluate after we finish the pilot in March. We’ll evaluate our rollout plans. We currently anticipate that we’ll be rolling the platform out to the majority of our states throughout the balance of this year, but the exact timing of that rollout is going to be dictated by our assessment of the pilot and we're not quite done or in a position to make that assessment. I can say that generally we're pleased with what we've seen so far. We have seen higher penetration rates than we've seen in our traditional business for accounts of the same size which was one of the success metrics that we're focused on. Over the longer term, we'll focus on things retention of accounts as well as distributors. But we do expect that it will go well and that we will be a position to rollout. That said, we don't expect for it to have much of an impact on sales in 2014. But if our rollout plans meet expectations and we're able to roll it out as we currently anticipate, we should start to see an impact in '15 and beyond. With respect to the benefit administration or exchange platforms that you referenced, we've actually had those in place for some time now but they're basically, I'd call it one-off arrangements with distributors and accounts and their overall impact to sales last year was not really material. But in thinking through our exchange strategy for the larger case market, that's something that you'll largely see come out of the core broker and then our large national broker efforts through Aflac Group in Columbia, South Carolina. The first step of which and our major focus right now is to build out distribution in Aflac Group. We're in the process of expanding the number of employed sales people that we have that will bring relationships to us with brokers or establish relationships with brokers so that they can convince those national brokers on the case for voluntary products and more specifically that we should be the provider of choice for those voluntary products. And then we'd look at the most efficient way to enroll those clients and that would likely be through an electronic platform, like an exchange. But the first step right now we're really focused on building out the sales capacity at Aflac Group so that we are in a better position to reach the brokers and then get on those exchanges.
Dan Amos: And Ken is concentrating of course on combining the two both Aflac Group and Aflac Columbus, but Teresa maybe want to make a couple of comments on Columbus because that's still 90% of our sales. And so Teresa, you have any comment.
Teresa White: I'll just echo what Ken said with regard to Everwell. Currently, we have a couple of other platforms that we use today; our SmartApp unit that you all are familiar with. The majority of our activity is basically driving the multi distribution strategy, handing the sales operating guidelines, making sure that we have all of the alignment with compensation and sales targets so that we can migrate everybody to this new Everwell exchange.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: It does. And one quick follow-up on that, if I could. On the national exchanges, with the national brokers, do you think that the investments you're now making in sales and in the platform will be ready to bear some fruit for 2015 enrollment; come in, in October, November of this year?
Dan Amos: Well, we're really positioning this for better growth out of the large case markets for group products in '15. This is really a build-out year of sorts. Again, we're increasing our ability to reach those broker distributors. As you know, there's a very long lead time to large cases, so we're really positioning this for – while we would hope expect there'd be much growth in the group platform in 2015.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mr. Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning. On the U.S. business maybe if you could talk about just recruiting and growth in the producing agent count because it's been weak for a while and I'm not sure if that's just lack of finding good candidates or are people not willing to give up unemployment insurance or what's going on that you're having a difficult time finding recruits in the U.S.? And then there was a question earlier on – new money investments in Japan. I don't know if you mentioned how much of your new money you're intending to deploy in the U.S. securities, whether it's corporate or treasuries?
Ken Janke: Jimmy, let me start on the recruiting. We are really focused as Dan suggested in his comments. We're focused on a few very basic activities for our traditional sales force this year. We really want them to focus the majority of their efforts under 100 accounts size. We're also focusing on what we referred to as core brokers, it's really the local and regional brokers that Dan has mentioned, we're focused on asset management which is a fancy way of saying we want our career sales force to make sure they're getting the most out of their book of business, so that in effect they're not leaving business on the table by really calling on their accounts and managing their business properly. And then the other one is recruiting. Recruiting has always been a core component of how we build our sales force. Newer agents tend to be the ones that bring us the newer accounts where we have opportunities to really grow the business. I think one of the things that we've not only focused the activities squarely on recruiting but also on the type of individuals we'd like our sales force to recruit, because I do believe that there was some effort on our sales force that rather than recruiting the career agent that we typically built this business on, there were trying to recruit brokers instead. So we've really refocused their activities this year. On referral recruiting, nominations and getting the type of sales associates that have long been known to build this business. We have seen a bit of a turn. I think it's too early to comment with certainty but so far this year with that new focus, we're pleased on the kind of recruiting activity that we've seen. It's still down year-over-year but at a significantly lower rate of decline than what we'd seen throughout 2013. So we are focused on that. By focusing on that and also the training and getting those new agents to focus on the small business area, the accounts fewer than hundreds lives, we think we'll also be successful in pulling up the numbers of producing agents.
Robin Wilkey: I'll just follow-up with three areas of focus. One area of focus really trying to make sure that our people who are recruiting in our career channel that those folks don't compete with trying to recruit brokers as well, so we basically focused the career recruit channel on really recruiting people for that career channel and then we moved a lot of the market, the people who were recruiting for brokers into a core broker channel which really supports the distribution channel or the channel segmentation and it also supports how the market has shifted as well. The other thing that we're doing is recruiting ads and you'll see some of those recruiting ads, there were very successful in the past for us with really getting interest for Aflac and with regard to recruiting. And so we decided to bring those back. The last thing is making sure that all of our goals for recruiting are aligned within the hierarchy. So any contest, any compensation is aligned across the hierarchy with regard to recruiting as opposed to one or two people holding the goal for recruiting. The comp is tied to it.
Eric Kirsch: It's Eric to answer the second part of your question around the percentage allocation of new money. Just a couple of factors that go into that allocation. One is, when we discussed new money what we're discussing is cash flow from operations and maturities and interest from existing assets. But we also consider sort of the target balance of our asset classes at year end which ties back to the strategic asset allocation work. So, with regards to U.S. assets if you will as a target not necessarily meaning we're going to get there, 25% of the Japan assets would be our target for U.S. assets at the end of the year. When we calibrate what I discussed earlier, the new money statistics that we expect, SMR, we would currently expect no less than about 40% of our cash flows to be in U.S. dollars but again that would depend on market factors, SMR. And one other factor is during the year, which has already happened this year we may dispose of some securities like you know about Israel Electric, for instance. Those proceeds came in January, were invested into the U.S. program but that's not counted as new money but it would count towards our year-end target. So there's a variety of factors that go into that. And then finally I would remind you, I can give you some of these estimates, but as I said earlier, we will be more dynamic with respect to the risk factors in the market, what's happening with spreads, what's happening with rates. So, I think you’ll see us be more opportunistic as well as conservative from a safety standpoint depending on what's happening in the market, but certainly we’ll report throughout the year on how it all panned out relative to our expectation.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And the U.S. investments, those don’t qualify for policy reserves matching accounting treatment rate?
Eric Kirsch: That’s correct. Those go into AFS.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Good. Thank you.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me point out that on a U.S. statutory basis the assets are held at amortized cost as opposed to mark-to-market, so it's not a big factor in RBC.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: It's more the SMR’s would have changed though, right?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, the SMR for Japan is sensitive to fair value.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Got you. Thank you.
Kriss Cloninger: All AFS securities, but in the U.S. we’re not on RBC for the U.S. operations.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Nadel of Sterne Agee. Sir, your line is open.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hi, good morning everybody. Just a quick follow up on the investment side. I don’t remember the exact amount out of Japan in terms of the new money investments in total from 2013. If memory serves it was effectively an all time record given the very strong sales in the first sector channel. How much is that overall new money investment going to decline in 2014 given the continued shrinkage of the first sector, the fact that third sector sales clearly require less from the perspective of investment income?
Eric Kirsch: It's Eric. I can give you the numbers from last year and the projections this year in total cash flows and then perhaps one of my colleagues wants to discuss at that second level between sales. But to your comment earlier, last years cash flows were 1,118,000,000,000 yen, but that’s cash flow from operations, maturities and interests from the portfolio. So, there’s a lot of attribution within it. For this year again in total the projections are 771 billion yen.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Got it, okay. And then, I think the only other real question I have is, as you’ve done all this work around SMR sensitivity in calibrating especially post the shift to the PRM classification; can you give us some sense for how much the sensitivity of the SMR has come down especially relative to changes in interest rates?
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss; let me say that we have done a lot of work on that, we intent to go into that in some depth at the FAB meeting. I didn’t want to do it on this call. But let me just say that with our SMR at its current level in the mid 700’s, we believe that we’re well protected against the fall below the 500% to 600% which is kind of our overall low level operating objective. The way I am looking at SMR right now is that we don’t want to broach our fallback position which I’ll say is 500% to 600%. We clear like about staying at about 750% in today's market environment. There are very few scenarios where we’re going to pierce below 500% to 600% for changes in U.S. interest rates, changes in Japan interest rates, changes in currency rates. So, what we’ve done is to insulate ourselves against the low side of the SMR exposure due to volatility in those macro factors. And we believe that enhances our ability to give the investment team flexibility to pursue their plans without significant concern and it just gives us more assurance that we’ll be able to manage SMR levels in a way that will allow us to achieve our plans for profit repatriation, policy holder security and the like. So, we feel like the work we did between the third quarter and fourth quarter last year has well positioned us to manage in a very flexible way in response to significant changes in macro conditions.
Eric Kirsch: I mean one our main objectives here is to never act like we had to do one time on share repurchase, to constantly be increasing it every year. And by having this bottom set we feel comfortable that we can continue to increase it unless something just unheard of happens.
Ken Janke: Hey, John this is Ken. Let me just add, if you just look at the SMR sensitivity to yen interest rates, our -- as Kriss said we will talk more about it in our analyst meeting. It is significantly less than it would have been a year-ago for a couple of reasons. Number one is implementing the PRM category which insulated us from some yen rate risk. The other is that, now we’ve more dollar assets [proportionately] [ph]. So what does that mean, while as we’ve got more exposure to dollar rate risk? So and we’ve taken some actions to try and mitigate that risk on SMR as well. When you think of the market risks that influence SMR we’re exposed to yen rate risk, dollar rate risk, credit spread risk and currency risk. And the problem is those are somewhat correlated. You can’t just aggregate one risk on top of the other to come up with an overall sensitivity and that’s why we’re doing a little more work on it to give you a better indication of what kind of buffer we feel we should be maintaining to accommodate those risks.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Perfect, that’s really helpful. If I can sneak one last one in because it's related, it's just -- have you done any incremental hedging particularly around yen versus dollar as you look out to 2014 and beyond to insulate your expected profit repatriation from potential currency moves?
Ken Janke: Yes, let me update you on that. Our current expectation is to repatriate about 97 billion yen. The last time we spoke we had hedged 47.5 billion yen at a little over 100 yen to the dollar. We have added incrementally another 5 billion yen. So we have roughly 52.5 billion yen hedged again a little over 100 yen to the dollar. We’ve elected to take -- use our yen cash flow from repatriation this year to service the 34.2 billion yen debt that we have maturing. And so what that does is that frees up about $400 million that we had on the balance sheet that we had previously year marked for share repurchase. So, when you look at the 52.5 billion yen plus the 34.2 you’re roughly 10 billion yen or so that it remains un-hedged. And I think it's unlikely that we’ll do much more for this year but we have already started thinking about ‘15 and taking actions to insulate against currency risk on that repatriation.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Perfect. Thank you so much for everything.
Ken Janke: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James. Sir, your line is now open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Thank you. Good morning everybody. I guess this all ties in, but I do want to ask about what is going on, or what can possibly be done in reinsurance. I know, I mean you kind of started it in -- I think it was May at the FAB meeting, Kriss stated that he thought that the FSA was really against doing enforced block types of transactions to free of capital. But you’re sitting there with an SMR of 750, you’ve got PRM and you’re doing some interest rate hedging. There’s a lot of protection there. The reserves are way, way overstated in Japan relative to the U.S. which is probably overstated relative to reality anyway. You’ve got one competitor that’s done -- an American competitor that announced that they did a deal. RGA is saying that they’re seeing a lot of companies do this. I’m wondering Kriss, if you thought more about this or looked at this more?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, we’re continuing to evaluate Steven. I don’t necessarily agree with all your comments you leashed, maybe I do but maybe not in order of magnitude. But let me just say that the -- the reinsurance we did at the end of September allowed us to achieve our objective of increasing the solvency margin substantially. We don’t feel like we need to do additional reinsurance to accomplish that. Right now we've got it in reserve in case we ever need to do it. What I do have my team exploring is the notion of doing a continuous program of reinsurance of this nature to alleviate to some extent the surplus drain we experienced relative to new business. And what I think that would do – what it will do is to minimize the volatility of FSA earnings in responses to changes in production levels. And it would also allow us to monetize to some extent some of the differences between the economic reserves which is how I'd characterize what you're trying to get to and regulatory reserves. Keep in mind though that reinsurance of the nature we did, those have a cost. You are selling a block of business in exchange for a premium and it does have a cost and I've quantified the cost for reinsurance in 2014 at about a nickel a share, about $30 million or so after tax. So it's not like it's free. Now let me say that relative to other companies, we don't have an internal reinsurance subsidiary where we can do this program on an intra-company basis. We've never been a reinsurance user to any great extent, we haven't needed to, we don't have a reinsurance subsidiary that deals on an arm's length basis with other companies which many companies do. So that's kind of negative for us. That being said, we do recognize the possibility that we could establish captive reinsurer and that's one thing that we're going to look at. That's not a short-term thing, something that's easily achievable in three months but it could be a cost effective or cost efficient way to do some reinsurance and we're going to investigate that further. So let me just say we intend to evaluate the use of reinsurance. We can do more. We're going to use it to, again, protect – probably repay for any addition and the like and there will be more to come on that. But we're not just ignoring it, Steven. We're going to be using it effectively.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: All right, great. And then as follow-up to – on the very, very large cases, I want to try to get a handle on what's changed here in the U.S. with the exchanges you see around the platforms but you've been on the platforms for a while. I mean my understanding has been at least for a year, maybe two years, all the big alphabet houses you've been with them, but the issue seems to have been then getting their people to use you. Is this really just the same situation, they may be selling it in a different way but it's still the issue of getting the rep at Aon or Marsh & Mc [ph] to use you, is that still the issue?
Teresa White: This is Teresa White. Really the issue is making sure that we build out, as Ken said that W-2 sales force that Dan Lebish is responsible for. We're building out because most of these large broker channels which you may know, they really go to market differently and it's not a product sale, it's really understanding how they go to market. And so the importance of those relationships is to really understand how each broker channel deals with the market and then how Aflac fits within the context of that. And so the initial relationship or the initial interaction is more us understanding, Aflac understanding their go-to-market strategy, understanding and educating many of the brokers on voluntary product and then there's a process of selling. What Ken referred to a while ago was a lot of the plumbing that was built for the six-year or so exchanges our platforms that we have today, there were specific cases that wanted Aflac. They asked for Aflac and they happened to have brokers involved. Now that's some of it but others are really where brokers have brought us in and utilized us against other competitors. So, right now that's why Ken is saying right now what we've got to do is establish that – work that sales force at Aflac Group so that we can ensure that – and we call those sales people BDEs, broker development executives, and they'll be regional vice presidents managing that process. But at the end of the day, the relationship is what's important and Aflac understanding their go-to-market strategy and how Aflac product fits.
Dan Amos: The one thing I would say that's very important here is it was somewhat murky in our organization of how brokers and agents and the new things we're all bidding together. Now, what we did in October is we defined exactly the direction we wanted everyone to go. And we cut out certain things like for example these big brokers. They don't want our agents calling directly on them. That irritates them and they control the account and we've defined that better to stop that from happening. So these are things that are major in terms of how we handle it in terms of emotional and trying to motivate our existing field force and we've done that through more commissions and shifting them. And so all of this is just part of something that's unfolding right now that I'll ultimately think will enhance our sales. I think we're going to be much stronger. I think anyone that thinks that we're not going to be strong in the small market is mistaken because we've done so well. I think anyone things that with the big brand we've got, which everyone knows us in the supplemental industry in the United States will be mistaken when it comes to how well we're going to do with the brokers going forward. We just got to let them know that we understand their needs and we're going to fit products accordingly and that's where South Carolina will come into play with our new president over there, our new executive vice president over there and how he handles it. And Ken will be coordinating those two efforts.
Ken Janke: Steven, I’d actually argue. I think the exchange part is the easy part because that's enrolling the business. The hard part what we have to work on is we have to have the relationships, we have to demonstrate to those large national brokers the value proposition for supplemental products, again why we should be the provider of choice and how we can effectively enroll that business and service that business and get them paid quickly, to have a pain-free experience. So, the enrollment itself through an exchange I don't see that daunting. It's everything that's leading up to the enrollment that we really are working on.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. All right, thank you guys.
Robin Wilkey: Steven, one other thing I want to comment on since we're talking about this new distribution strategy as Dan referred to it, we're going to do a spreadsheet and try to outline the various aspects of this. It will be available online just like we have other spreadsheets out there on investments and the such to help you better understand the market segments, the channels, the products within those channels that they'll be offering, enrolling conditions, et cetera. So that should be available on the website sometime this afternoon, we'll have that up there and I think it will help everyone understand better this new strategy in the U.S.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: All right, I'll take a look. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mr. Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse. Sir, your line is open.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Kriss, I wanted to come back to the comments you were making about exploring captive re and I think the comments you used were to potentially stabilize J-GAP earnings and then dividend repatriation. Should we be thinking about this whole evaluation more as making sure you have stability or would there be a significant enhancement opportunity? For instance, the 1.3 billion to 1.4 billion or J-GAP earnings that you guys are run rating right now. I mean, if there is the possibility from this kind of transaction that you could increase that 50%, if you structured it the right way or is that not the right way to think about this. Is this more of a stability exercise than an enhancement exercise?
Ken Janke: No there’s an opportunity for enhancement, Tom. I think you have to be measured in thinking about how much enhancement we’re going to have to balance cost and the overall results, and we always manage the business for the long-term as opposed to the sort term. So, I’m not looking for a quick pop on profit repatriation and a quick pop on share repurchase. I’m more interested in what we can sustain over the longer term. But there is an opportunity for enhancement and that’s one of our objectives.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. But we shouldn’t be thinking about as you said …
Ken Janke: (Indiscernible).
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Yes. Okay, got it. So more of a measured enhancement?
Ken Janke: Yes, if we got a 50% it wouldn’t be achievable year-to-year. If we went up 50% it would probably have to stay at that level, assuming we could even get there which it might be achievable, but I doubt that I’m going to go that far.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then, just a follow-up for Eric. Your comment that you were positioning into shorter duration, securities I guess. I think that was just related on the USD allocations, not sure if that also applies to what you’re doing on the JGB side. My follow-up on that point though is, should we be thinking about this more a short-term tactical because ultimately you have to match your liability and you have very long duration liability. So if you’re shortening the duration today, how long would you be willing to deal with tolerance of the mismatch?
Eric Kirsch: Sure. Now thank you, good questions, and to your first one, yes. That was with respect to the U.S. securities not our JGBs which are long -- the JGBs are longer in duration and more closely matched to the liabilities. The second part of your question, yes. This is more tactical and keep in mind that shorter duration is for the new money to the existing portfolio which is quite large particularly when you take the U.S. corporate program that we started as we called it, and what we used to call the Japan dollar portfolio. We’re now thinking of that as one big bucket. So that big bucket, is it approximately a 10 year duration? And we’re not changing the duration of that bucket, but the incremental new money is going in tactically the shorter duration which will bring the overall duration slightly down, but we certainly have to have that focus on ALM and matching assets and liabilities. So it is more tactical for this year at this point in time.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Robin Wilkey: Well, we’ve reached the top of the hour. If anybody has any follow-up calls, David and I will be in the office. So please give us a call. Otherwise we look forward to seeing everyone at our FAB meeting. The information is out there for you to register and thank you so much for joining us this morning.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger - President and Chief Financial Officer Paul Amos - President, Aflac Ken Janke - President, Aflac U.S, Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Aflac Incorporated Eric Kirsch - Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan 
Analysts:  John Nadel - Sterne Agee Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar - JPMC Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates  
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma’am, you may begin. 
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Ken Janke, President of Aflac U.S, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. And from Japan we have Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan joining us. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and the operations in Japan. Dan and Kriss will join us and provide further details about our activities and 2013 and 2014 EPS guidance. Dan? 
Dan Amos: Okay, thank you Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am pleased that we met and in many cases exceeded our financial targets for the third quarter. Notably, we believe we are well positioned to increase operating earnings per share about 5% for the year before the effect of currency. At that time, we anticipate operating return on equity will be strong in the range of 22% to 25% for the year before the impact of the yen. We will spend some time talking about our financial and earning guidance this morning, but let me take a few minutes to give you a high level perspective on the operations and how I view our business. I will start with Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. We continue to enhance our distribution opportunities and product offerings in Japan. I’m very pleased with expansion of Aflac Japan’s last agreement which pays and post which commenced in October. This agreement ranks together the Japan the most the largest nationwide distribution network in Japan and Aflac Japan the industry leader in cancer insurance. Both companies will be able to maximize numerous synergies by working together. With respect to our products in Japan I’m pleased with our newest medical offering which successfully launched in August. We expect this product will continue to popular with consumers. The combination of Japan post and the new product we’re allowed is the strong indication of our focus on our higher return third sector products. In regard to Aflac U.S. the sales environment continues to be challenging. The U.S. consumer sentiment hitting it's lowest level in nearly a year. Our job is to be multi-dimensional in our distribution to create a presence where consumers want to purchase our products. We’re working to enhance our sales capabilities both through our traditional sales force and brokers who operate in local, regional and national markets. In addition we’re currently policing Aflac’s private exchange platform which we believe will provide us with even better access to smaller case market. We’re also creating products that respond to and anticipate the needs of consumers and businesses particularly in the current healthcare environment. With change comes opportunity and we’re positioning Aflac in a way that we should benefit from healthcare reform. Whether we’re talking about our operations in Japan or the United States as an insurance company our primary mission is to fulfill our obligations to the policy holders at the same time we’re listening to our shareholders and understand the importance of capital deployment. To enhance the predictability of that capital deployment we fortified the level of SMR and taken steps to insulate the capital ratio against factors that connectively impact in the future. Doing so gives us greater confidence in our ability to target and deliver our profit repay creation amounts from Japan to the United States. Once we know our customer obligations are satisfied our objective is to enhance shareholder value through share repurchase and a growing cash dividend. As we said for many years we believe those are the most attractive uses of capital and those are the avenues we will continue to pursue. In fact in 2013 we initially expected share repurchase to be in the range of $400 million to $600 million we now anticipate purchasing $800 million of shares this year. That means we will be purchasing more than 500 million of shares in the fourth quarter alone. Previously we have communicated our expectation of 2014 repurchase to be in the area of 600 million to 900 million for the year. We now anticipate next year’s range to be 800 million to a $1 billion. I’m also pleased with the action by the Board of Director’s to increase the quarterly cash dividend by 5.7% effectively for the fourth quarter 2013. This marks the 31st consecutive year of increasing our cash dividend. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate generally in-line with operating earnings before the impact again. Overall I’m pleased with Aflac’s position in Japan and the United States the two largest insurance markets in the world. But let me leave you with this thought [ph], you have all heard me say my job is to balance interest of all stakeholders. I think we did a good job for that this year just as we have in the past. I believe we’re going to do it again next year by protecting our policy holders with a strong SMR and returning significant capital through our owners. So now I will now turn the program over to Kriss. Kriss? 
Kriss Cloninger: Thank you Dan. I would like to follow-up with a few comments on how we delivered on those promises and what it cost. You may recall that in the second quarter conference call, I was asked if there was a sense of urgency to stabilize the SMR. My simple answer was yes. And today, I can tell you that we completed several actions during the third quarter to fortify and enhance our SMR as well as to protect FSA earnings and profit repatriation in the future. Let me take you back to the second quarter of this year. The U.S. Fed made comments that resulted in a spike in U.S. interest rates in May and June. Interest rates in Japan also increased. And by June 30 we have experienced a significant decline in the market value of Japan’s assets categorized as available-for-sale or AFS. As a matter, we went from a net unrealized gain position in the AFS portfolio at the end of the first quarter to a net unrealized loss position in the same category at the end of the second quarter. This mark-to-market decline was the primary factor, because our SMR to decline by 101 basis points to 585 at June 30. Now, while that SMR result was still within our targeted range, we were concerned that another spike in interest rates whether in the U.S. or Japan would further lower the SMR and make our share repurchase activities more uncertain. The first thing we did was to begin using the policy reserve matching our PRM accounting category in Japan. We used PRM to limit the mark-to-market risk on about $7 billion worth of our Japanese government bonds that were previously held in AFS. While using PRM did not materially increase the SMR during the third quarter, it does provide significant SMR protection against further increases in yen interest rates. In addition, we executed derivative transactions to reduce dollar interest rate risk. For the use of interest rate collars, we hedged approximately 25% of our total dollar exposure in Japan against the risk of rising interest rates. Then late in the quarter, we entered into a reinsurance agreement, excuse me, which generated an SMR increase of about 115 points and represented the majority of the SMR improvement in the third quarter. While the cost of the reinsurance agreement will lead to about an estimated nickel per share reduction of EPS in 2014 we believe that provided the most cost effective means to increase capital in Japan. Now, let me discuss some other factors primarily involving investments and other operating expenses that are affecting our 2014 guidance. These factors highlight the reasons why we expect our 2014 earnings growth rate to be somewhat lower than our 2013 growth rate. First, let me describe the investment headwinds. In the third quarter of 2013, we made a deliberate decision to move toward a more conservative asset allocation revising our asset allocation to emphasize yen denominated purchases. At present, we estimate that about 51% of our 2013 Japan cash flows will have been invested in yen with the balance allocated to the dollar denominated U.S. corporate bond program. Because we anticipate continued volatility in the financial markets for some time to come, we expect to allocate 80% to 90% of our estimated 2014 cash flow to yen denominated securities with the balance going to dollars. In addition, we continue to see very low investment yields in Japan. This change in investment allocation along with assumed investment yields and less new cash flow combines the negatively impact investment income growth by approximately JPY6.9 billion before taxes or about $0.11 in operating earnings per share. Expense headwinds included increase in commission expenses related to an increase in Japan’s consumption tax rate beginning April 2014, which is expected to cost us about JPY2 billion or $0.03 a share in 2014. In addition, we increased our commitment to a multi-year program we referred to as the corporate value enhancement program or CVEP as we may later refer to it which involves a major investment in our business systems and processes to strengthen our position as the leading provider of third quarter products. In total the increased expenses for Aflac Japan in 2014 excluding the cost of reinsurance agreement and consumption taxes on commissions will be about 8.5 billion yen before taxes or about $0.12 a share. Like Aflac Japan, Aflac U.S. is increasing it's spending to strengthen service levels for our distributors and customers. This initiative will begin with significant improvements through our enrollment and billing systems. The additional expenditure on this project will likely total that $7.3 million before taxes or about a penny a share. We do have some (indiscernible) wins as we offset some of these costs. We recently modified our U.S. pension plan and retiring medical benefit plans which reduces our liability and will result in lower expenses going forward. The change in both retiring medical and pension plans will lower expenses by about $24 million or about $0.03 per share in 2014. As Dan mentioned we have upwardly revised our expectations for share repurchase in 2013 and ’14 both of which will benefit EPS growth next year. Additional we expect the majority of our share repurchase activity in 2014 to occur earlier in the year. The incremental benefits our earnings from the expanded share repurchase program is about $0.12 per share in 2014. We understand that many of the activities we’re undertaking come at a price and the price is a slightly rate of EPS growth in 2014. Taking all of these factors into account of the yen average is 95 to a 100 yen to the dollar for the fourth quarter in 2013 and continues into 2014 we would expect 2014 EPS to be in a range of $6.28 a share diluted share to $6.52 which is a growth rate of approximately 2% to 5% on a currency neutral basis. It is important we think that perhaps [ph] all the items are discussed the 2014 EPS growth rate objective would have been comparable with the 2013 EPS growth rate we expect to achieve. More importantly as we look to the future we anticipate the headwinds we face in 2014 will diminish significantly in 2015. We believe all actions we plan for 2014 will ultimately serve not only to protect our policy holders but also benefit recurrence to shareholders. Now let me turn it back to Rob for some comments on the quarter. 
Rob Wilkey: Thank you Kriss. Before we begin with our Q&A this morning I want to take this opportunity to remind you all that we will be hosting our 2014 (inaudible) meeting in Tokyo, Japan on Tuesday, September the 16th but please mark your calendar and we hope to all see you there. We’re going today to go straight into the questioning and to be fair to everybody. Please remember to limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. Now we will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from John Nadel of Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I’ve two questions and I guess maybe more directed to Kriss or Dan. They center around the two bigger items that are headwinds for 2014, I guess you know the infrastructure projects that you’re talking about in particular for Japan for next year. I’m just wondering if you had any discussion internally about redirecting for example some of the incremental spending that you expect to do in the fourth quarter of ’13 around promotions spending that sort of thing toward may be getting a head start on the infrastructure projects instead. In particular, it seems like you have got similar tailwinds around Japan third sector sales growth in over the next one to two years maybe even longer given the medical product rollout and given the Japan cost arrangement. And given, there is also some increasing signs that the Japanese government may yet again adjust deductibles? 
Dan Amos: Well, let me – I will let Kriss answer this, but let me just say that it’s an accounting issue. We can’t prepay anything. We have – we can only do it as we actually have the contract working on it and it takes time, but I will let Kriss go into more detail. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well, as it relates to the so-called CVEP project, I will make a couple of comments and then I’d like Tohru Tonoike to make some additional comments on this. John, this is a multi-year project. It’s a significant long-term project that we have – we initiated several years ago. For the first couple of years, we were able to absorb the cost of the incremental cost that doing the project planning and some of the initial work within our operating expenses in Japan within the normal earnings increase to guidance. We have reached a point though in the project where we have to ramp up the expenditures for a couple of years to be – to really make solid progress on both the administrative, the marketing and the ITE aspects of this project. I have identified what the ramp up is for 2014. We expect to spend a similar amount in 2015, but that won’t incrementally affect earnings. So it’s not as simple as moving some promotional expenses in the fourth quarter of ‘13 to offset the anticipated expenses for the project in 2014, project simply too big. Tohru, would you like to make some additional comments on CVEP and then we probably need to come back to the sales question. 
Tohru Tonoike: Yes. As Kriss pointed out that we have been developing the program during the last couple of years, but OECs of the program, most of our jobs that are of – say what I call the planning and less implementation or a development of the program. But during the 2013, we have increased the level of the program development of the program and then best activity will be higher in the 2014 and then it will be plateaued for the rest of the several years. So yes and as Dan mentioned, the timing of incurring the expenses is tied to the volume the work we put into the program. So we discussed to move the timing, accelerate that work to the extent possible, but there aren’t too much say flexibility available to us on that. So this is as much as we could have done. 
Dan Amos: But let me say one other thing, one of the things that’s driving this project to cost more money is as you remember how you all complained about we were slow in putting in rate increases. Our systems couldn’t handle it. We now – this is part of this new project is it we can address that upfront and we are getting it done as quickly as we can for future not so much the past. We feel fine now what we have done in the past. But for the future and Paul is going to make some comments about sales, because he has been over there, he will be moving over there in January. 
Paul Amos: Yes. John really quickly I will say that obviously the additional promotion expense is around pushing our third sector products. We clearly deemphasized the first sector and emphasized the third sector. And we are trying to push those products where we fill the launch of our new EVER plan has done at or above expectation and we feel strongly about where we’re going to end up the fourth quarter on the third sector side. So overall I think the coordination of our communication and promotion is critical to the success of the sale and I feel very good about what we’re going to do in that marketplace. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And then my second question related to the outlook for investment for the investing of new cash flows, you know I understand that 80% to 90% in JGB is you know for 2014 and I’m guessing that’s obviously going to reduce the new money yield pretty dramatically given where rates are right now. But I’m just wondering you know you’re two years into this build-out of the new investment department with an eye toward a more balanced investment approach overtime. You know and you spend a lot of money on that and it appears the outcome and maybe this is more market driven I would appreciate your comments but it appears the outcome you know after all that spending and build out is that you’re still going to end up investing very similarly to the way you did a couple of years ago. 
Dan Amos: Well that is true right now for the short term but take into account all of the things that we have been doing so far. We have addressed the issues with Europe, we have done the colors [ph] we have sophistication now that we would not be able to handle have we not staffed up. If the staffing up for us to buy 80% - 90% of our business in JGB the answer is no. Our staff up is to have a diversified portfolio but we have to take what we’re dealt at the time we have been dealt and we felt the most important thing is to you know again hearing it loud and clear from all of you make sure you get the profits out of Japan and we have had to firm that SMR which cuts down the volatility with the JCB but don’t take this that we like that. We would much rather be much more diversified, we would much rather being doing the things that we told you we’re setting up for but I promise you that this new department that we have setup has capabilities in monitoring that we have to have in place before we can take on some of these. So I’m going to let Eric talk about it but I didn’t feel it was fair for Eric to have to depend what I’m responsible for originally setting up and while we set it up. 
Eric Kirsch: Yeah I would just add to that thank you Dan. When you think about the investment in the group, it just simply can’t boil down to as you return higher than it used to because Dan went over so many critical issues that were important to the health and the future of our balance sheet that we were able to address through these investment but I have also add when you look at these returns is a long term right? It's not what you did this quarter, this six months it's the long term. So I would offer to you since the build-out of the team the fact is we have instituted parts not all but parts of our strategic asset allocation. We have $11.5 billion in what we call the hedged corporate bond program that was not there before and it's not for the build-out. We probably would have had that money primarily NJGBs [ph]. So if you just look at that bucket and I will give you just a net estimate on annualized basis, if you look at the incremental yield of those hedge corporate bonds taking out the price repaid for the forwards the incremental expense of the investment team which again is spread out over many different things, we’re just focusing it on this. We’re looking at a net of about a 125 million or so an annuity stream of income and that’s just after two years of building out not that I have got here and started with the 50 extra people, we had to hire them. We’re in the middle of instituting a new technology platform and throughout that period we have addressed and reacted to things that have happened in the market that are critical for the overall company. So I would offer, we have accomplished a lot for that investment and there is more to come. So from a taxable [ph] standpoint we will always be careful to the markets and the needs of the organization. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And Eric fair to say that you know the market gives you some opportunities over the coming months to tactically adjust that allocation and you will respond I assume. 
Eric Kirsch: Absolutely. The teams are thinking about the markets and our different options all the time. And one last comment as well and Dan touched on this, it shouldn’t be lost that the reduction in our private placements, which is the biggest risk that we have is significant. I think when I got here we were close to 50%. We are now just under 30% of the overall portfolio. And that docket of privates is in much better shape than it’s ever been which helps us to have confidence in the future health of the balance sheet. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: No question. Thank you very much for the full response. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Deutsche Bank. 
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody. You touched upon the Japan post-deal again this quarter and I want to dig into that a little further if I could. In maybe better understand the opportunity there and I understand that there are 20,000 branches that you now have access to, but at the same time this is potential product has roughly 15%, 16% penetration in Japan already, you have a 50% market share of new sales. So how does that opportunity really play out over the next few years if you could add some color to that? 
Paul Amos: Yes, I am going to turn it over to Tohru here in just a second to talk to his perspective on Japan Post, this is Paul, but I will tell you that as Dan called it at the last conference call a game changer, we want to make sure you understand that everything that happens in Japan happens at a methodical and very pragmatic pace. We have amounts that we are opening up a 1,000 additional post office locations beginning in October. And we believe that through the middle to end of next year, we will potentially be looking at products and how we will enhance our cancer plans effectively sell through the Japan Post channel, but we believe over time that product and that will be pushed through that channel in a highly effective manner and we believe it’s something they can be a benefit. We are not ready to commit to any particular numbers based on what are continuing and ongoing negotiations with Japan Post about how that will both be rolled out in terms of the number of branches as well as what the sales targets will be, but Tohru, if there are any additional comments you want to make, we just continue to believe that this is a significant deal for the company and we will have a material impact on our cancer sales. 
Tohru Tonoike: Yes, Paul, thank you. And one thing I would like to point out is that the Japan Post network is a huge network and that network happens to have the least say overlap with our existing distribution network. In other words, we have been very good after the promotion of the business in the large metropolitan areas, but relatively not so good in the rural areas. On the contrary, Japan Post network is spread all over the Japan including very rural areas. So we are hoping that having the Japan Post network will help us increase the sales in the areas, which we have not been so strong in. 
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And I have one follow-up on that if I could. Looking at the guidance for 2014, basically you are saying without the specific headwinds that you discussed earnings growth itself having the mid-single-digit range. And I guess I was a little surprised to see that that earnings would not have come in stronger than that given the new emphasis on third sector sales and maybe ACA being less of a headwind next year. And just want to hear your thoughts on that? 
Dan Amos: Let’s repeat that again, please. 
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So if I look at the guidance for 2014, my understanding is that without the specific headwinds that you detailed earnings or EPS growth would have been the 4% to 7% range. And my question is why wouldn’t it have been higher again without the headwinds given the fact that you are emphasizing the more profitable third sector products in Japan and maybe ACA becomes less of a headwind next year as well? Why wouldn’t we see earnings come in a little higher than that? 
Dan Amos: Well, it would have been in closer to 4% to 7% if not slightly higher than that. As I pointed out last year, it takes a little bit of time for the effect of the first sector products to earn their way through the financials even though we are writing about 60% to 70% less ways in the last three quarters of 2013 then we wrote in 2012. We still wrote a fair amount in the first quarter of 2013 and we’re still writing a fair amount even though the percentage reduction is high as a percentage reduction is. It's still a larger volume of business than the third sector products. In addition you’ve got some persistency differences between the first sector products, many of which were paid for with the so called discounted advance premium program and when people pay all the premium upfront they don’t tend to laugh because they don’t have to make any more payments but you still get premium earning out so that persistency on that first sector of business is better than still very strong persistency on the third sector business. Fundamentally the guidance I gave that they will be meeting for margins and benefit ratios both between first sector and third sector is holding up well based on our experience so far and it's just a bit too early, you’ve seen the change in margin toward the higher margin third sector products. So it just takes it a while to play out the long answer to a good question but the 4% to 7% was kind of in-line with the 2013 initial guidance. Again our guidance is usually on the conservative side historically and we have usually done a little bit better than that so I’m not guaranteeing that but I’m just saying that’s historically being a factor in our guidance. 
Dan Amos: I would like to say one other thing about the life product sales. We’re revisiting caps on the sales because it's interest rates have gone down. We think it's something we need to consider and we will know more about it but we’re certainly considering it for 2014 and we will let you know more at the time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Quick follow-up on the assistance cost. I think a lot of investors are wondering why the CVP cost weren’t incorporated into your comments back at Investor Day. If you can bring development in this program now for several years, did you expect those cost that to be absorbed in the regular budget and you’re giving that more precise and how much is it going to cost, any color there would be very helpful and also just on another question on the U.S. I understand your private exchange is in test mode but perhaps if you can also discuss a little longer term you plan to perhaps get your product on some other positive changes like that which say break us into steps. Thank you. 
Dan Amos: Nigel I will make some comments on the CVP project as I said initially we’ve been trying to observe the cost of that into our general operating expense for as long as we could. During the early to middle part of 2013 we basically finalized a plan that have been through a couple of iterations both with the project administrators and executors that were using as well as with outside consultants that were used in this program. We finalized that plan pretty much during the middle part of 2013 and got a much better handle on the plan we’re going to use to proceed and so we had a more certain estimate of cost after we completed the plan and actually that was our replan that we went through. So we have been doing a lot of work on this, we have been doing a lot of internal cross examination to make sure we have the value proposition correct and that we’re committed to go on forward with it and now we’re at the point where we do believe we have a value proposition correct. We do have good cost estimates going forward. Let me see if Tohru wants to add anything to that but essentially that’s it from my perspective. 
Paul Amos:  Yes. The only thing is that during the basically the planning stage, we have been able to absorb the cost within our general expenses. And as Kriss mentioned, it was in the third quarter of this year when we finalized the plan for the whole program at which time we became able to communicate our plans more clearly to the outside world. So yes, and so like I said that until 2013, we were able to absorb the cost within the general budget, but that asset the program going into the full implementation stage that is the amount of the cost to exceed the range we can absorb. 
Dan Amos: And Nigel, I would add this comment, we have constantly reassessed priorities and the ability to change the products and premium rates on the per sector products that became a much higher priority, one that we felt like have the economic impact to justify the increased expenditure going forward. So from an investment point of view, we thought okay, this is an investment we need to make to protect our future financial position. 
Ken Janke: Nigel, this is Ken. Let me comment briefly on your exchange related question. Dan has indicated that we are in the process of piloting the Aflac private exchange which referred to as Everwell. It actually just started last week. So we have had several cases built in a very limited number of markets, but we don’t have enrollments occurring yet. It was our decision when we began down this path to take a very conservative and pragmatic approach to the market with the rollout of the exchange. We want to make sure that it meets everyone’s expectations, the agent’s expectations, the expectations of the employer as well as the employee and also us internally. So we prefer to go a bit slower as we launch this. So we are piloting in three states. If all goes well, we would expect a schedule rollout next year, but the purpose right now is really for the 50 and under case size market. So, it’s a very targeted market for the Aflac private exchange into – a couple of years from now to likely go up to a 100, but the private exchange will primarily be for the small case market. Your question about Aflac products appearing on other exchanges that is something that we are evaluating currently, but it’s really taking for right now at least a backseat to the efforts we are taking to get the AFLAC private exchange rolled out properly. 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: It’s great. 
Dan Amos: And those states Nigel are Texas, Georgia and Illinois. 
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMC. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMC: Hi. I had a question first on the reinsurance agreement that you singed in Japan, could you just discuss the mechanism of the contract how it works and I don’t think it affects FSA or GAAP results, but you could mention that as well? And then like you have the potential for more and under what circumstances you might consider additional contracts, the only other one I had was on the U.S. business and there has been a lot of talk about healthcare reform. How much do you – longer term, do you see this as more of an opportunity or a threat as it affects the supplemental products market in the U.S.? 
Dan Amos: I will take the first one. I have always believed that with change comes opportunity. What better example then we go back to 2001 with Japan and realized that everyone thought we were dead, we were in trouble. Cancer insurance was going to be taken away by the big life insurance companies. Three months after the initial deregulation, we were the number one seller of medical insurance and still hold that to this day and now have cancer insurance have continued to be number one. We are positioning ourselves that we will be – continue to be the number one insurer with supplemental health insurance products. I believe our ability to be able to do exchanges, our ability to be flexible because of relatively low price products, I believe it's going to stand out more because different plans that are being offered bronze, silver, gold and I think it's pretty clear the vast majority of people are going with the bronze plan it's going to be offered. That means it's going to be a very defined amount of out of pocket expenses to consumers which plays well with us. Also our brand our name recognition is now it's hit 94% no one that is in the market today even though there may be other companies that have reasonable brand awareness not to our level but they are not seeing as being “supplemental health products.” So I think we’re in a great position, I’m excited about it there is uncertainty make no doubt that’s out there today but that too will pass and when it passes we have to be ready and to go in a way that I think will accelerate growth for us and we’re counting on that. When and where and how it will do as I mentioned consumer confidence is down, that hurts us. Other areas people that want to procrastinate are always looking for excuses they can use right now. I want to wait till everything is finalized with national health plan but all in all I don’t think I would swap places with anyone in the industry in terms of being prepared for healthcare as we are right now. Now the other question, who wants to take that? 
Kriss Cloninger: I’ll take that, that’s all about the structure of the co-insurance agreement and some related questions. Jimmy the reinsurance agreement is co-insurance in nature with a third party reinsured that’s authorized for reinsurance in Japan. We co-insured portion of one of our more established predictable, profitable blocks of business. It's a no-cash transaction upfront going forward we will see the portion of the premium income from that block, net of an expense allowance we receive from the reinsurer and reinsurer will reimburse us for the proportionate share of the claims on the business. So it's a pretty straightforward agreement. But because the reinsurance is permanent in nature we’re allowed to take a reserve credit in say financials for the pro rata share of FSA reserves on the block and the amount of those reserves we get a credit for is approximately a 100 billion yen. You know based on the difference between the premium we pay and the claims we expect to receive there is a net cost associated with agreement and I indicated what that is, it's anticipated to be about a nickel a share in the 2014 GAAP financials. As far as U.S. statutory treatment the reinsurer is not an authorized reinsure in the U.S. so we will report our U.S. statutory earnings based on the co-insurance being an effective agreement in terms of stated premiums and claims but we will not admit the reserve credit. So we won't get any surplus relief on the U.S. statutory statement or the risk based capital measure but that didn’t trouble because our RBC is already strong enough and we didn’t feel like paying the extra cost of you know that it would take to get the reserves backed by letters of credit and authorized for you know surplus recognition in the U.S and on a GAAP basis nowhere I mean we’re releasing some reserves but we’re putting but a deferred profit liability amortizing the cost in accordance with the accounting requirements and you know again the net cost is what I indicated.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMC: Okay, thank you. 
Dan Amos: Going forward, you ask again about additional capacity, we believe we do have additional capacity, but I will say that I view this as a sale of a portion of our business and it’s not an action we would enter into lively compared to say a financial reinsurance transaction, where you are basically getting a loan and paying it back over a period of time. This is more of a permanent transaction and not something that I would enter into routinely. Regarding capacity, I think we do have additional capacity, but it’s not something we are going to look at quarterly and see where our SMR is and say okay, do we need another $2 billion reinsurance this quarter? That’s not what we are going to do. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMC: Got it, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Good morning. First question is Dan, did I hear you correctly that you said you were reconsidering the limits that you have on (indiscernible) sales, just wanted some clarification on what you had mentioned there 
Dan Amos: That is correct. What I have said is that with interest rates moving lower, we adjusted put limits last year and this year. We are looking at them again now for ‘14. So even though, our productions weigh down we still could have limits even more so. So we are monitoring that and seeing what we need to do. And we are not the only ones in the industry doing that. So it’s not limited as this does. Other companies are doing that as well. 
Ken Janke: Basically, this is Ken, the price increase that we implemented for first sector products in effect became a production cap, because they were the primary distributors moved out our products, but with interest rates declining again in Japan, we don’t want to repeat a 2011, where our other companies put in production caps and all of a sudden we have become more attractive product in the marketplace. And so you can still make this a good profit margin product investing in JGB, so I assume the pricing has been dramatically altered then. 
Dan Amos: Well, it was dramatically altered April 1 when we increased the pricing of the product to recognize the 1% standard valuation interest rate in Japan, we basically re-priced first sector products at 1.25%, but still even at that level though we have got profits in it, we are trying to minimize the low margin products emphasizing the higher margin third sector products. 
Kriss Cloninger : And since April the deals in Japan have declined further. 
Dan Amos: That’s correct. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Great. And just one question related to your capital return program, Kriss when we think about the I guess what annualized you are almost at a $700 million level for common dividends and the buyback for next year expected to be $800 million to $1 billion, should we think about that being a level as you move forward into ‘15/16. Is that just based on the way you have optimized things? Is that – should that be a fairly consistent amount of capital return? Do you think that’s going to go up materially or you are kind of overspending, how – can you frame how we should think about what you have done now and what that would mean more prospectively? 
Kriss Cloninger: I wouldn’t say it’s overspending at all Tom. We are not pulling down additional capital from Japan to invest in share repurchase. You know that historically our profit repatriation from Japan has been somewhat highly correlated with the FSA basis earnings and we have been trying to make sure that we achieve some stability in those FSA basis earnings. On average, probably over the last 10 years, we have taken out about 80% of our FSA basis earnings as profit repatriation and lot of that gets allocated to the share repurchase activity. In various specific years, we have gone around 50% or 60% of FSA earnings. And in one year, we took out 100%, but in general, there is going to be high correlation between profit repay creation and FSA basis earnings and our guidance is based on the notion that we’re going to be able to stabilize FSA earnings and the increased repay creation would kind of be a normal increase associated with recognized FSA earnings you know and then the common dividend and the share repurchase it roughly you know approaching 2 billion a year is what I would consider kind of a normalized run-rate not excessive or not supplemented in anyway but other than normal earnings. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: So approaching 2 billion meaning you could have another 500 million or so of upside as you think about it going forward? 
Kriss Cloninger: Well we have given the 2014 guidance but you know as you said you know thinking about round numbers I mean we’re between a 1 billion and a 1.5 billion and what comes next which in my mind is 2 billion so as I think about 2015, 2016 you’re probably heading in that direction. 
Dan Amos: And let’s be clear, no one has to make it clear to us that that’s what our shareholders want us to do. We got the message and that’s what we’re doing. We’re moving that way and that’s why this call and these things that we’re doing. This is our number one priority because that’s what our shareholders believe will ultimately enhance the value of our shares. 
Operator: Our next question is from Joanne Smith of Scotia Capital. 
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: I just wanted to ask if you could just clarify the last statement that you made Kriss in terms of the profit repay creation. Did you just say that you were moving towards 2 billion? 
Kriss Cloninger: Not all profit repay creation by itself but I was including the payout to shareholders including common dividend which is approaching 700 million and you know a $1 billion say of share repurchase in 2014 which be expected to increase somewhat over the next several years. And we should have said the number but in my mind it's kind of in the range of where I’m shooting for. 
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Next question on the U.S. sales and Japan sales I guess, in the 2014 guidance there was no guidance for what you’re looking for in terms of sales growth and either the U.S. or Japan. With the weak sales in the U.S. in the third quarter I was somewhat surprised that you did not change the 0% to 5% target for the full year and with the pick-up in sales in the third quarter in Japan I’m little bit surprised that you haven't gotten more comfortable providing guidance for 2014. So can you just address those issues please? 
Dan Amos: I will let Paul do Japan then I’ll cover the U.S. 
Paul Amos: Overall you know obviously we don’t know where we’re going to finish this year with the strong momentum that we have in the third sector due to the new product launch in the middle of August. It's hard for us to tell exactly how we’re going to finish the end of this year. However we do believe it's going to be at the high end of the range that we have given 0 to 5 but at this point as Dan mentioned there are quite a few factors going on all the sales projects for next year whether we put in caps on first sector products whether we you know what products we’re going to launch in terms of next year and having in the third sector. We do feel third sector is going to be continue to be the emphasis but at this point we just can’t give you a strong range, what we will do though is in the fourth quarter at least give you those numbers and that’s what we have traditionally done even though we have given you the earnings release previously we have given you the sales projection at the end of the fourth quarter and that’s exactly what we plan to do to remain consistent with years passed. 
Dan Amos: And as far as the U.S. goes I never like to say we’re not going to achieve an objective but I think the headwinds that we have had regarding uncertainty in this fourth quarter gives me pause [ph]. So I would not say that I’m optimistic but I do believe once this calms down that again where there is change is opportunity and I believe that we’re going to get it together. The main thing I’m trying to do right now is to concentrate on getting it right for healthcare reform. And Teresa, who is our Chief Operating Officer at Columbus and Dan Lebish who we put as the Chief Operating Officer of Columbia with group insurance and Ken overseeing all of it. We are coordinating to make sure we do these things right to handle and be ready. And so that has been my emphasis for the remaining of this year. Our director sales, their quotas are still based on the numbers that we set. There is no lowering or anything. So they are all pushing as hard as they can, but as I said, I am not as optimistic we will achieve that, but I am going to say never till the end, because with group insurance and other things, big things can come through, so we will watch it and see. 
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Okay. And then just one last final question and that is on the deductible in Japan, what level of confidence do you have that there is going to be structural changes that occur in Japan and that would include an increase in deducting the deductible on the national healthcare programs? And what kind of timing would you be looking at? 
Dan Amos: Well, you remember that I said it was going to 50% 10 years ago. I said, well if it went to 0% to 10% to 20% to 30%, I didn’t see any reason it wouldn’t eventually go to 50%. Well, my answer is I am already behind, because I thought it would have happened by now on some of it. Now Paul is over there and maybe to (indiscernible) comment on. 
Paul Amos: I would just say that obviously it’s the third pillar of (indiscernible), he has had great success in some of the implementations thus far. And I think it’s difficult to ever predict what’s going to go through a political system whether it’s here in the United States or in Japan. The fact is however the population demographics continue to push in such a direction as well as the overall Japanese consumer sentiment about the healthcare program in general. And you have seen them already talking specifically about raising the co-pay for ages 70 to 74, I don’t know if Tohru wants to chime in on this, but I think in general, it’s very difficult to us to commit anything that’s outside of our control. Obviously if it were to shift to a 40% or 50%, it would be a positive tailwind for us. Tohru? 
Tohru Tonoike: Yes, this is Tohru. I think I agree with Paul about the prospects of the co-pay for the elderly people between 70 to 74. 
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Randy Binner of FBR Capital Markets. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, okay, thank you. I will keep it brief since we are at the top of the hour, but just on the buyback this quarter now is pretty significant at $500 million, so just want to clarify that you have not executed on any of that so far when the blackout period for that is over and if you have any special execution plans to get that done this quarter given the size? 
Ken Janke: Randy, this is Ken. We typically move out of the blackout period after in the afternoon of the daylight today after the conference call when we know all of the news has been properly disseminated. We have evaluated not only our capital position, but trading volumes and restrictions that we have for purchasing on a daily basis and we are confident that we can execute those purchases in the fourth quarter. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. 
Dan Amos: So we hadn’t bought any so far and after 12 o’clock today, 1 o’clock we can be in the market. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, great. Yes, that would be good. And then just one other quick one, just a follow-up on the reinsurance transaction, is it – when you say it’s prominent how prominent is that? I mean, can you get out of it or is this, I am just kind of curious what the definition of permanence is there? 
Dan Amos: Well, there is recapture provision in there. I suspect if we negotiated with assuming company we might be able to do something, but that’s not our intent. We intend to let it play out over time as I said albeit more as a sale of a block of business than I do shorter duration reinsurance arrangement that can be recaptured. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: And is this counterparty, can we take it as the Japanese insurance company? 
Dan Amos: It’s an international insurance company that operates in Japan. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And then one last one just detailed question, you outlined there is $0.05 of EPS cost for the reinsurance deal, where does the hedging piece such as the rate collars fit in, is that in that $0.05 or is that somewhere else? 
Dan Amos: I don’t have anything to do with that. This is strictly a claims reinsurance, didn’t have anything to do with interest rate hedges on assets. There is no asset transfers involved. We remain responsible for all the exchanges and the investment income on assets back in the block, it's strictly claims released and exchange for the payment of gross premium net of an expense allowance. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: I guess what I’m trying to say what is the callout then on the interest rate colors, is there a cost in the kind of the list of headwinds to ’14 EPS? 
Dan Amos: There is zero cost color but there are settlements depending on where rates move to. But the estimate is zero. 
Rob Wilkey: Okay Marianne as Randy pointed out we’re past the top of the hour. We’re going to take just one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James & Associates. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Can we revisit CVPs follow-up, CVP the $0.12 that you’re the increased $0.12, what is the total amount that you’re spending on this in ’13? 
Kriss Cloninger: Tohru might be able to answer but what we’re addressing here is the incremental cost over 2013. Actually you know the way you measure cost we have had a lot of discussions with Aflac Japan personnel and you know it's whether you go through a fully absorb cost and all that kind of thing and I don’t want to get into that on accomplished goal. So I will just say that EPS the guidance is the excess direct cost that we intend to invest in the CV program over what we invested in 2013, however that number was derived. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: A question on the reinsurance, in the long run does the historical ratio of the amount that you repay relative to FAS earnings, does that change it at all because of this? 
Kriss Cloninger: Well we’re not, we will get to count the reserve release as part of FAS earnings. However we are leaving the reserve release in Japan as part of our capital base. We’re not going to repay three any portion of the profits triggered by the reserve release associated with the reinsurance agreement. So if you just look at reported FAS profits, they will be significantly higher well by about a 100 billion yen than they would have been without the agreement and we don’t plan to take any of that out. We plan to generate capital with this transaction and we couldn’t achieve that purpose if we repay created that portion. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay how about in ’15 and ’16? 
Kriss Cloninger: I’m relying pretty much on routine FSA operating earnings which will not be benefited in any extraordinary way by the reinsurance agreement. There will be a routine cost in the FSA earnings approximately of the same amount that impacts U.S. GAAP earnings as I indicated. There will be a difference between the premiums net of allowance is paid and the benefits received, that will probably a net cost of reinsurance that will go through 2015 FSA earnings in addition to GAAP and staff [ph] but that’s not material compared to you know what we’re talking about on the initial reserve release associated with the transaction. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay and then one more if I may, with Paul moving to Japan what is the chain of command in Japan these days? 
Dan Amos: Well the operating will still be run by Tohru. He is still the Chief Operating Officer and in charge. Paul is not going to be living there for the rest of his life. He is just moving over there for a period of time, six months to a year whatever it ends up being just to better understanding, Paul speaks Japanese. He will just be over there learning the culture more, being associated with them, building relationships with them and giving him a better understanding of exactly how it works and they all get along very well and I am very pleased with how that’s going just as I am pleased with Ken and what’s going over there and the job that Teresa is doing. I think all-in-all, this has been a very smooth transition and just allows flexibility for you to understand our management team and let them be able to be able to do cross jobs and do different aspects up. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, thank you guys. 
Robin Wilkey: Marianne, thank you very much for about 15 after the hour, if anyone wants to follow-up after the call, please call Investor Relations and we appreciate your participation on the call. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President, Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger - President and CFO Paul Amos - President, Aflac Ken Janke - President, Aflac U.S, EVP and Deputy CFO, Aflac Incorporated Eric Kirsch - Executive Vice President and Global CIO Tohru Tonoike - President and COO, Aflac Japan Charles Lake - Chairman, Aflac Japan
Analysts: Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs John Nadel - Sterne Agee Mark Finkelstein - Evercore partners Jeff Schuman - KBW Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Suneet Kamath - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to, Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Ken Janke, President of Aflac U.S, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Global Chief Investment Officer. Also joining us today from Japan are Tohru Tonoike, President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan; and Charles Lake, Chairman of Aflac Japan. Now before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although, we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who’ll begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the United States. I’ll then follow up with a few financial highlights for the quarter and then we will take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased that we met and in many cases exceeded our financial target for the second quarter. Let me began with an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Pre-tax earnings in yen were up 20.1% for the quarter, primarily reflecting lower benefited expense ratios. Additionally, revenues continue to be strong growing by 10%. Given these results, we expect expense ratio to increase in the second half of the year when we step up our spending. With the new medical product launch in August we’ll be increasing advertising and promotional expenditures. Additionally, we anticipate increasing spending on projects that improve our business over the long run. Consistent with our expectation, Japan’s new annualized premium sales in the second quarter were down 43.1% to 30.3 billion yen with waste production down sharply in the quarter. We anticipated this decline for a couple of reasons. First, you recall, that at the beginning of the quarter, premium rates for the first sector products, including waste increased to reflect lower assumed interest rates. Second, improved investment returns prompted many of the customers at banks to [turn from wave] type insurance products to investment trust. As we’ve said, we expect the sales of the first sector products primarily wave, will continue to be down substantially for the reminder of the year. However I want to remind you that for this year our sales target is based on Aflac Japan’s third sector products which include cancer and medical insurance. Third sector sales were down 4.9 for the quarter, which was in line with our expectations and an improvement over the first quarter. Remaining, the leading provider of third sector products is important to us and is the foundation of our product portfolio. We believe consumers will respond favorably to the new medical product we’ll be introducing in mid-August. We expect this product will appeal especially to consumers in their twenties to forties, an area which we’re currently underpenetrated.  I believe our 2013 objective of flat to up 5% increase in third sector sales is reasonable and achievable. As we look ahead with regard to cancer insurance sales, I am pleased with new alliance agreement Aflac Japan signed Japan Post group last week. The new agreement will further expand our partnership with Japan Post, which was initially established in 2008, enabling each economy to maximize synergies in the insurance business.  Japan Post has a nationwide distribution network that has earned trust of Japanese consumers and Aflac Japan is the industry leader in cancer insurance. Through this alliance Japan and Post intends to expand the number of post offices that offer Aflac’s cancer products, gradually increasing from a 1000 post office outlets to 20,000. Also subject to regulatory approval Aflac Post insurance also known as Kampo will enter into an agency contract with Aflac Japan to begin distributing Aflac Japan’s cancer insurance products at all the Kampo’s seventy nine directly managed sale offices.  A firm consultation with Japan Post group, Aflac Japan will also consider developing an exclusive cancer product for both Japan Post and Kampo. This new alliance agreement enhances our distribution and allows us to reach new consumers with the cancer insurance products. I believe Japan Post can and will become a meaningful contributor to our sales over the next several years.  Let me remind you that cancer is the leading cause of death in Japan with an ageing population the average instant rate of cancer will only increase in the future and cancer is the most expensive illness to treat. We believe our products can be a part of the solution for people battling cancer and the related out of pocket expenses and this at last will help us reach more people.  Now, let me turn to the U.S. operation. Pre-tax earnings were up 9.9% reflecting an improved benefit ratio. Keep in mind we will increase spending in the second half of the year especially with the initiatives related to the preparation of the implementation of the affordable care act. Premium income rose 3.5% with policy persistence to remaining strong. Aflac US new sales increased 1.4% for the quarter and for the first half of the year they were down 1.9. As you’ve heard say many times before we don’t want anything to give between us and the customers. Our job is to be multi passage in our distribution to make sure we have a presence where consumers want to purchase our products. There are different distribution possibilities we continue to work on including creating profit exchange that will help employers, our field force and the brokerage community. While we’re busy laying the ground work for the future, we’re still working hard to achieve our annual sales target. Having covered operations, now let me turn to investments.  I’m very pleased that for the first six months our net investment income is ahead of plan. Our new money yield for the first half of the year in Japan was 3.02%, which is significantly higher than our new money yield of 2% in the first half of 2012. Currently we’re pursuing several strategies to accommodate the impact of the changing rate environment on the SMR, which we mentioned in our press release last night. Additionally, we are re-weighting the current asset allocation for new money investments in Japan. You’ll recall at the analyst meeting, we discussed that our plan was to designate two-thirds of our new money to U.S. corporate bonds and one-third to JGBs. Our investment team is revisiting our asset allocation for new money investments and expressed to allocate the majority of the third quarter cash flows to JGBs and underweight in the allocation of the U.S. corporate bond hedge. Just as the markets are fluid, we remain agile to respond properly, appropriately to the changing investment landscape. We will continue to consider diversification and liquidity as we approach various investment options. We also expect to come in close to our budget for the new money yield for the year. Turning to Aflac Incorporated, our consolidated financial performance was very strong for the quarter, excluding the impact of foreign currency, operating earnings per diluted share rose 14.3% for the quarter and 9.9% for the first six months of the year. While this puts us significantly ahead of the annual operating earnings per share objective, the comparison for the operating earnings per share in the third quarter will be difficult to the tax benefit of $0.10 per diluted share recognized last year in the third quarter. I also want to remind you of what I said earlier, we will increase spending in the second half of the year in both, Japan and the United States. As such, our target remains to increase operating earnings per share in the range of 4% to 7%, excluding the impact of the yen. Within that range though, we anticipate operating earnings to increase approximately 5% for the full year before the impact of foreign currency. As we’ve communicated, given our capital structure our ability to repurchase shares is largely tied to profit repatriation. Just last week, we repatriated 76.8 billion yen. You’ll recall that we entered into a hedging transaction with the vast majority of our anticipated repatriation at weighted-average exchange rate of 96.04 yens to the dollar. In dollar terms, this profit repatriation was $795 million. As we've said for many years, when it comes to deploying excess capital, we still believe that growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares are the most attractive means and those avenues, we will continue to pursue. Our objective remains to grow the dividend at the rate that is in line with our operating earnings per share growth before the impact of the yen. Aflac repurchased approximately $129 million or 2.3 million shares of its common stock in the second quarter. For the first half of the year, the company purchased $279 million or 5.3 million of its shares. We have a lot of flexibility at the parent company in terms of liquidity and it’s still our intention to repurchase $600 million of our shares for the full year. Additionally, our current plan remains to increase our share repurchase next year by repurchasing $600 million to $900 million of our shares. Generally, generating an industry leading return on equity, excluding the yen impact is also important. On an operating basis, our second quarter annualized ROE was 22.1%. Keep in mind, Aflac’s ROE is sensitive to current fluctuations because we are largely hedged our equity in dollars but not all of our earning. That means that when the yen weakens, our ROE declines. As the yen remained unchanged since the end of March, operating ROE would have been 26.4% in the second quarter. Based on our year-to-date returns, I expect to meet or exceed our ROE target of 20% to 25% excluding the impact of foreign currency for the full year. Overall I'm pleased with Aflac's position in Japan and the United States, the two largest insurance markets in the world. First and foremost, we are focused on protecting our policyholders and providing value to our investors. We are fortunate that we have the privilege of providing financial protection for more than 50 million people worldwide in the process. Now, I’ll turn it back -- the program back over to Robin. Robin? 
Robin Wilkey:  Thank you, Dan. Let me get through some brief numbers for the quarter starting Aflac Japan. Beginning with the currency impact, during the quarter, the yen weakened against the dollar 18.8%. For the first six months of the year the yen weakened against the dollar 16.4%. In terms of topline growth in yen terms, revenues as reported were up 10% for the quarter. Excluding the impact of currency, revenues were up in the quarter 8.6%. The annualized persistency rate excluding annuities in the quarter showed strong improvement at 95.1% compared to 94.7% last year.   Net investment income as reported increased 16.6% for the quarter. If you exclude the benefit of the weaker yen in the quarter on Aflac Japan’s dollar-denominated investment income, our net investment income rose 6.8%. In terms of the quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio as total revenues declined over last year, going from 62.0% a year ago to 61.5% in the second quarter. Excluding the impacts of the weaker yen, the benefit ratio for the quarter was 62.3%.  The expense ratios for the quarter were 17% down from 18.4% a year ago. As a result of the lower expense ratio, pre-tax earnings increased 20.1% in the quarter. Excluding the impacts of the yen, pre-tax earnings in the quarter increased 13.5%.  Now let me turn to a few highlights for Aflac U.S. The benefit ratio to total revenue decreased over last year, going from 51.1% to 49.1% in the second quarter. This was primarily the results of a favorable industry-wide healthcare usage trend during the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the first six months remained strong at 76.3%. The expense ratio for the quarter was 34. -- 31.4%, up from 30.6% a year ago. However it was slow compared with expectations for additional spending later in the year. The profit margin for the quarter increased to 19.5% compared to 18.3% a year ago. Turning to investment activity for the quarter, starting with Aflac Japan, for the quarter approximately $3 billion of Aflac Japan’s new cash flow was invested in our hedged U.S. corporate bond program for gross yield of 3.51% at an annualized hedge cost of 22 basis points. The yield net of hedging costs were 3.29%. This brings the year to date total cash flow invested in the U.S. corporate bond program to approximately $4.9 billion with a total yield on the corporate bond portfolio of 3.59% excluding hedged costs.  Since the inception of the program, the total cash flow invested in the U.S. corporate bond program is approximately $11.8 billion, which is with a total yield of 3.44% excluding hedged costs. This is in line with our annual allocation expectation for this program. Approximately 27% of new cash flow was invested in JGB’s in the second quarter with an average yield of 1.68%. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 3.70, an increase of one basis point from the first quarter. The yield on the portfolio at the end of June was 6.11%, down eight basis points from the first quarter and 43 basis points from a year ago.  Turning to some other items in the quarter, non-insurance expanse in the second quarter was $48 million compared to $45m a year ago. At the end of the quarter, cash and cash equivalents at the parent company level were $1.3 billion. On an operating basis, the tax rate decreased from 34.4%. Operating ROE as reported for the quarter was 22.1% and excluding the impact of the yen, operating ROE for the quarter was 26.3%. During the quarter, we also executed on a securities lending transaction of $1.2 billion. This was a short-term transaction that will mature in the third quarter. One of the strategies that we are pursuing to accommodate the impact of the changing rate environment on our SMR is policy reserve matching of PRM. The PRM investment strategy is gauge up accounting treatment that considers the financial characteristics of insurance company and is widely used in Japan by other companies. The PRM also promotes asset and liability management. This method provides better liquidity and is not subject to the mark-to-market accounting treatment of the available for sale. Lastly, let me comment on our earnings outlook for the remainder of 2013. You heard us affirm our annual objectives to increase operating EPS of 47% with the expectation of a 5% excluding the impact of the yen. If the yen averages 95 to 105 for the full year, we would expect to report operating earnings of $5.83 to $6.37 per diluted share for the full year. For the third quarter, using that same currency assumption we would expect operating earnings to be in a range of $1.41 to a $1.51 per diluted share. Now, we would be happy to take your questions. Let me remind you that to be fair to everyone, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up only that relates to that initial question. We’re ready to begin now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First question, Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Good morning everybody. I wanted to touch a little bit more on the Japan Post deal. And first of all understand if the 0.5% guidance refer to third-party fair growth in sales. Is that -- did that at all impacted by that deal?
Dan Amos: No. That does not include anything with Japan Post.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Dan Amos: But Charles Lake and Tohru on the line and the three of us were at the news conference on Friday. So let me see if they want to add any to that.
Tohru Tonoike: This is Tohru Tonoike. And that is correct. Our original expectation of 0.25% growth for the south sector does not include anything from the Japan Post. And at the same time, I have to remind you that we start our operations under the new agreement beginning October 1st this year. But we will start by adding not all of the 2,000 --20,000 offices, but just only a part of it because we want to make sure that we will -- half the Japan Post offices start selling our product. Also both Japan portion, we are comfortable that we have provided sufficient training to the employees regarding the features of our product and the new market conduct rules. So we will begin that operation rather smaller than increase over time.
Charles Lake: Let me make a couple of comments by Japan Post. Number one is, it is the largest insurance company in the world with over a trillion dollars in assets. It also has -- is the largest company in terms of employees and remember that the 79 agencies at the insurance company of Japan Post is never sold for us. And these agencies would be equivalent to mega agencies in the United States. So as I said on CNBC this morning, this is a game changer for us in terms of what can take place in the future. Charles you were very instrumental in this, any comments from you?
Charles Lake:  I think you outlined everything, but I think the important also is to talk about the fact that, this is a corporate group, Japan Post group, so just Aflac deal was not only with Japan Post, the network in Japan Post insurance, but Japan post group as a whole. Dan you signed that document with the CEO of the Japan Post group, so that makes the agreement even stronger in my view. Does it answer your question?
Operator:  Our next question comes from (inaudible) from JPMC.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, Good morning. Just a question on U.S. sales, Dan you mentioned you are still comfortable that sales will pick up in the second half of the year. I would have assumed that with the healthcare reform coming on, the smaller employers would be more pre-occupied with that and wouldn’t really want to put or enhance their offering and put on new products on the self.  So I just was wondering what gives you the comfort that sales in the U.S. won’t actually deteriorate in the second half, which has given all this uncertainty that health care reform is going to create.
Dan Amos:  Well, as I said, I still -- because right now we’re within 1% I think down, I think it’s a reasonable assessment that we can achieve it. I do not have the comfort level with the U.S. as I do with Japan in terms of achieving the objectives. I am very comfortable even though Japan looks like it’s coming further from behind because of this new product, that they are getting this month, I feel very good and Paul could relate more to that, because he has been more involved.  But with the U.S. Jimmy, I am concerned that because of the delays and the other things, it can have an impact. But we’ve got some things that we are working on like for example we have a toll free number that will go online affected the middle of August to where our agents can call in and ask questions. I think some of our agents are a little bit reluctant to go out and talk about healthcare reform with the fear that they won’t know all the answers, but will have this safety net of this watch of this toll free number I can call that will allow them to feel more comfortable calling on the employers, new and old, old for re-enrollment, new for -- to do that, that may help us in the second half.  So I am counting on that has been something that will help us. But your concern is something we too worry a little bit about.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just -- you had mentioned that you’ve already obviously you have started to edge capital repay creation and you (inaudible) amount for 2013, but what are your thoughts on capital [repay] creation for 2014 and whether you want to hedge that for currency most? 
Ken Janke: Jimmy, this is Ken, let me comment on that. As I’d mentioned at the Analyst meeting in May, we had begun to hedge a portion of our expected 2014 [repay] creation. You may recall that I talked about the possibility of about 96 to 97 billion Yen in repay creation next year. As of today, and we’ll probably hold with this for the time being, we’ve hedged 47 billion Yen and as far as what we ultimately pull out, the same commentary that we would have said a year ago applies to now. Maybe, we have to see how the macro market, macro environment changes between now and next June. And what the impact might on realized or unrealized gains in making the financial determination about how much we fall out, but that’s where we stand today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks so much. Good morning. I guess, I’m trying to better understand the investment strategy in kind of the capital interplay here. I mean, obviously the bond program was successful you have up to 150, 200 basis point pick up relative to JGB’s which I think you felt good about given the access liquidity that gave in the diversification. But now, with the move up in rates, shifting back to that JGB strategy, so just some additional commentary there? And then thoughts on kind of the BMR type strategy versus available for sale at health to maturity. I think others have looked at this, but what are some restrictions that, I think potentially things need to be sold and then re-bought, which you might not want to do kind of given the move up in rates. So, just any thoughts there on the interplay? Thanks.
Eric Kirsch: Sure. Hey, Chris. This is Eric. I’ll grab that one and then kind of Kriss might jump in on the SMR side. But to take a step back on the investment strategy, just to remind everybody. We did a very thorough strategic asset allocation project back in 2012, which took into account liabilities, assets, our surplus, and basically created our guide post in terms of an optimal portfolio. But economically over the long-term would help us grow the surplus with minimal volatility. But in FAS, as you know, there is a guide post that the long-term range plan, important in our investment decision is what we call tactical asset allocation. So just because we have the guide post, we have to sit down as investors in that group and think about the macro environment of the world, credit fundamentals and whether or not any particular day, month, quarter keep into that exact guide post make sense or making some adjustments. And I think we’ve already said, part of the build out of our investment function is to be more flexible, so that we’re not buying whole but rather buying manage and be able to adapt the different market environments. I think it’s no surprise to anybody on the phone that we have just gone through in the second quarter, one of the highest rates of volatility relative to rates that we have seen since 2008. So if you go back to the financial crisis and you look at treasury volatility options, you’ll see the greatest amount of volatility when the Fed came in and plunged trillions of dollars into the system and at that time you saw rates decline was their intent. We’re seeing the unwinding of that as we saw the Federal Reserve coming to the market in May or so and announced the potential for cap bringing the QE3 programs and that cause from peak to trough the 10-year treasury to go from $170 to $270. So in our view from a tactical standpoint we’re in a volatile interest rate environment and I should say, Japan as well, because of their Central Bank policies we saw deals on April 5th plum it and then come back up, and they think if Japan is successful there’ll be some pressure on their rates too. So with that in mind and with the growth of the corporate program which is grown on the trajectory we expected in fact it’s a little ahead of our projection, with the fact that from the standpoint, as Dan mentioned, our investments in sales, net investment income, we’re actually running ahead of budget. We made the tactical decision to sit on the sidelines for now, re-weight that allocation more heavier towards JGBs for the third quarter and let’s see what happens with the Federal Reserve in September. As you know, today, economic numbers on GDP were strong and treasury is backing up. Tomorrow, we may get some weak economic numbers. So our standpoint is rather stand on the sideline to the volatility because we’re performing in all -- on all of our metrics and even if we stayed at this new allocation, we still expect the range of the percentage allocations of the corporate program by the end of the year to be very close to our expect ranges because we are a little ahead in terms of the funding of that. So that’s all the background on the decision around the asset allocation. Now, let me turn to some of your questions on PRM, AFS, HTM and SMR. So historically here at Aflac, as you know, we’ve used HTM health to maturity both for big portion of our JGBs and historically, our private placements, a large percentage went in HTM. On the outlook that as you know, we have low liquidity needs. We don’t have a lot of liquidity needs and we really can’t afford to hold assets for a long time. Nevertheless, we did learn as we went through the financial crisis, particularly with non-JGBs, HTM is very difficult because if you do need to make credit adjustments, the accountants really put colors on you in terms of your ability to get it out of HTM and make an adjustment. So the corporate program really was designed to be an AFS so we can buy and manage it, not have that on us going forward. Where SMR is today in the large rate rise that we saw, U.S. rates and rates rising in Japan in terms of the impact to SMR, we fully anticipated with that kind of rate rise, we would say our SMR dropped to where it is today, but as Dan mentioned and Kriss as well it’s within the range we expected 5% to 600%.  Nevertheless, our sensitive now to, kind of, rates continue to go up as higher from our standpoint and the sensitivity to our available for sale portfolio feeds into the SMR calculations going forward. So in that respect, we are pursuing a couple of hedging strategies if I could call it that, so that if ratio continue to raise whether in Japan or the US we have some built in protections to the portfolio, which will directly impact and benefit the SMR, so specifically Robin has talked about PRM, Policy Reserved Matching. Now, PRM for most of our Japan peers is the more commonly used method as opposed to HTM. PRM is favorable in that. Unlike HTM, we do get the favorable atomic treatment that we have in asset, JGB’s, in PRM we don’t have to mark them to market for purposes of SMR. However, we’re allowed to trade those JGB’s for asset liability management purposes. That’s a valuable tool task. Our liability can change as rates go up and down, so that gives us more flexibility than HTM. So to mitigate interest rate risk to the end market, it is our plan to move a number of JGB’s from the existing AFS into PRM and that will help mitigate interest risk. That will happen over the next few months as we certainly want to be cognizant in our transaction costs.  With respect to US rates, we are exploring interest rate hedging strategies, we can’t really put US corporate assets and PRM that’s not an appropriate place where PRM was built and the rules are around JGB’s. So we’re looking at more interest rate in hedging strategies and it’s all of you collected tab, I talked about currency hedging strategies, which we’re now moving into our pilot program and colors and different operations that stay in concept as what we’re applying to interest rates. So we’re working carefully with our management and team in Japan, our management here in the U.S. to collaborate the sensitive of SMR if you will the changes in these different risk factors yen rates and US rates primarily to come up with the right percentages of these hedging techniques. Once (inaudible) PRM hedging strategies for US will be more economic if you will that give us the flexibility of rates raised, will have protection against declining values in the AFS security. So let me stop there and see if anybody wants to add anything or any other questions on that.
Ken Janke: This is, Ken. I think that’s a pretty thorough answer. The one thing I’d point out is not only are the dollar -- corporate dollar asset’s not an appropriate investment for PRM. It’s been our policy to historically to not put them in HTM as well. Our dollar assets are typically kept in AFS and that’s one of the reasons that the unusual spike in rates had the impact it did on SMR because we had more exposure to AFS.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Understood, very helpful and then just one follow up question here on the August product. I guess can you comment a little bit about maybe pricing changes there? Some of the presses report that I guess 30% declines in rates for maybe a younger consumer, which I think is maybe a bit more than we would have thought but consistent Dan comment said, the FAB meeting that maybe the [younger age probably] used to pay a little less and the older group needs to pay a little more. So just some pricing comments around the different age cohort would be helpful thanks?
Ken Janke: Tohru?
Tohru Tonoike: Yes, I think our -- that’s his [question], new product is focused on the relatively young aged customers. So we have chosen the characteristics which we think that would be -- would appeal to that age group. So there are some adjustments in the pricing that they are based on the (inaudible) stuff. Overall profitability are pretty much the same as before, so we do not expect any say sub essential trends in the -- on the overall profitability.
Kriss Cloninger: Now, this was Kriss, a second Tohru’s comments on that. I think what we’ve found is that relative to competition, we think we’ve perhaps overcharged the lower premium rate classifications and undercharged the higher premium rate classifications for expenses. You can spread expenses any number of ways but we found that we tend to be more competitive at the higher premium rates and less competitive at lower premium rates. We try to move toward a better balance between the higher and lower premium rate relative to our competition. So the lower rates went down some and higher rates went up some in the aggregate based on the distribution, we expect to sell, we all have about same profitability on the new product as you know.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Thank you. Good morning. Just in, real quick numbers question, so the 76.8 billion yen repatriation this month that were just shy of the $800 million, that seems like -- if I recall that’s a bit above where you were expecting that repatriation to come in. Can you just help us understand what drove the upside and then can you just level set where is parent company cash including the repatriation, is that $2.1 billion?
Dan Amos: John, this is Dan. First off, at the analyst meeting, we said then that we estimated repatriation would be 70 billion to 75 billion yen and…
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Dan Amos: …and that compensated 80% of estimated FSA earnings. So FSA earnings came on little bit better. I can’t point to any specific reason why but we retained the 80% remittance. That’s what drove it up to 76.8 billion.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. In the cash of the holding company then, I just add the $800 million to the 1.3 at the end of the quarter and we’re there?
Dan Amos: Well. It’s not all at the parent at this point. So right now if you look at on an operating basis, we had $576 million at the parent company at the end of June. Now, that excludes the net proceeds from the debt issuance we had because that’s basically pledged for debt servicing in future periods. The repatriation that we brought back $795 million right now is warehouse at Aflac and then on the quarterly basis as we dividend up for the parent company’s needs, it will be moved up to the parent company to support things like share repurchases and dividends. So it’s not all there right now.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Got it. That’s helpful. Then I guess, the second is if I just take a setback and think about this quarter and your delivering operationally I think on every single metric or exceeding on every single metric, maybe there is a little bit touch weakness on sales but seems like you’ve got confidence in the back half. So your stock is down and I think that’s all about the system. I mean, can you just help us understand, I know you just went through the strategy, there is PRM maybe a few other things, you’re considering on the U.S. sided that hedge against rate. How much urgency is there inside the company to get this done and help your investors be very confident that SMR is going to be stable at or near the upper end of your targeted range from here? 10-year treasury yields are up, eight basis points today just top of the GDP et cetera. So that’s moving quickly, I just wonder how quickly Aflac is moving?
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss. I’ll take a stand at that. It’s a little ironic to me, John, as I was reflecting on last quarter’s conference call, where you’ll all given me greek, the SMR was too high and we needed capital. How Japan this quarter as Eric summarized we have the significant spike in interest rates, so that drove the value of AFS assets down from the level it was at March 31. But I do want to point out that the fair value of the yen are nominated AFS assets are still right at par. We had a significant unrealized gain at the end of the first quarter, that basically went away in the second quarter and I try to tell the investment community on the first quarter call that we don’t tend to count on unrealized gains as a major source of capital. We know there are variably fluctuate. They go up and down, they went down this quarter. So instead of being way over the 500 to 600 target, which we were at the end of the first quarter, we’re down at the high-end of the 500 to 600 target. All that being said, we do feel some sense of urgency to protect our SMR levels from further deterioration associated with marking AFS assets to market. I will say, getting on a soap box a little bit, this is more of an accounting issued to me than a capital adequacy issue. If you look at our RBC ratio, little over 700% at June 30th.  Now I know you all are going to give me great through how can you lift RBC grow over 700% and it was SMR they on it. If RBC is up and the answer is it's all related to accounting for those AFS classified assets and marketing one group to market for FSA purposes and carrying the same group that amortized costs for U.S. statutory purposes. So, all that being said, we got to pay attention as tomorrow we’re doing it in addition to the accounting issues, not to let accounting grab economics, but I’ve got to be mindful that accounting is important. We are -- we’ve got multiple levers that were analyzing in terms of the cost benefit relationship of exercising some of our option to insulate SMR to any further significant declines beyond our target range. And what we are trying to do is get comfortable that we’re pursuing the most efficient approach from a cost to capital point of view. Some of the strategy has don’t cost anything that’s the PRM that Eric summarized the other strategies have some modest cost, but relatively, relatively immaterial and then some other strategies we would probably only look at if we felt pressed, so I say. So we’ve got a number of levers, we’re trying to evaluate… John and I know, you know that this what we’re paid to do. So we’re after it. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee:  And just, real quick, so if we fast forward to this time three months from now and we’re on the conference call, is it fair for us to assume that one or more of those levers would have involved? 
Dan Amos: Yes. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question, Mark Finkelstein from Evercore. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore partners: I guess maybe if we think about it this way, a 100 basis point movement rates is roughly 200 or some other points give or take? Based on these strategies that you are undertaking, how would you -- what is your target for that same sensitivity?
Dan Amos:  I think one of the things we are doing is working on what the people are calling risk appetite statements and I think within the framework of risk appetite statements, we will provide guidelines to our operating people regarding our target values -- minimum target values for items like SMR. And 500 to 600 range we’ve quoted it have been kind of an informal statement of risk appetite. So we’re just kind of I mean we’ve communicated a lot of financial targets in the past and that’s pretty much where we operate them. So, we’re going to try to stay in those zones. We obviously want to avoid concern on the part of the regulators. So that’s an overriding objective too. Ken, you got anything?
Ken Janke:  I don’t know that I can answer that.
Dan Amos:  Okay, Mark I don’t know that was responsive intake.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore partners:  Well I guess maybe just, if you don’t want to give a number, can we say that, that sensitivity will likely be substantially reduced when we look at kind of March 31st ?
Dan Amos:  That will be our objective, yeah that will be our objective. We use to reduce the sensitivity. But the overriding objective is to keep the SMR within the 500 to 600 target at various interest rate scenarios both yen and dollars, that’s what we are looking at. What keeps it in that range?
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore partners: Okay. And I think, I heard Kriss say that, the cost on the JGB side is nil and the cost to, I guess, execute the strategy on the corporate bond side is immaterial, I think, I heard you say that? I guess, the obvious question is, why haven’t we’ve been doing this all along then?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, we haven’t seen the volatility of interest rates. For example, I think, the thing we are looking at on the corporate bond strategy is probably interest rate hedging strategies that has cost associated with it depending on the level of risk and sensitivity, we want to retain or going through kind of cost effectiveness modeling exercise on that strategy. The PRM does have some cost to it, because we won’t have to do some JGB transactions, you can’t just reclassify accounting wise, you’ve got to classify when you acquire them, so we would have to sell some JGB’s and buy similar replacements and alike, get them reclassified. But the cost didn’t material, considering overall affect, I think it somewhat 1 to 2 basis points on the trade. Eric, do you have any other comments?
Eric Kirsch: Yeah. I’d like to add, Mark, just a couple of comments to put in context and we’ve been very, very open since I’ve been here around our transformation. So taking the step back, as you know, historically, before I got here, the investment strategy, we are just very focused on either JGB’s or private placement and HTM. The tools and the sophistication and the intellectual capital to do interest rate hedging strategies, which obviously encompassed doing derivative type strategies, modeling your portfolio, understanding these sensitivities are quite complex as you can all appreciate. Two years ago when I got here, we were just not equipped to do that, whether it would the systems, the technology, having the appropriate operation set up to do all that, the legal agreements with broker dealers of this, et cetera. But part of our transformation program, a big part is design, so we can do all the investment techniques in the market that are necessary to run a large balance sheet. The good news that I can tell you is, we do have that intellectual capital now. We have the systems capabilities to do the modeling and we are doing that with the highest priority which is what Kriss commented on before. But these are new for Aflac, so it has to go through the appropriate governance procedures. We have to ensure the appropriate operational capabilities to set up to hit that aspiration. And in all those things a good news is, we are well along in our transformation, where we can impact, we are working on these things. But we’ve got a little more to go before we can prepare to execute. But as Kriss said, by the time we have this call in the third quarter we’ll be able to tell you about the progress with PRM because that’s live and that’s moving along as we speak. And the analysis and ability to do the interest rate hedging on the U.S. portion is well along, and analysis and in the few weeks we’ll be able to move our ability to execute and do transactions to do that. So I think we’ll have good news for you by the end of the quarter, but that gives you the answer to why hasn’t it done before hopefully.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore partners: Okay. One very, very quick follow up, I know that on waste sales, you kind of gave a couple different reason, one of which was shift to kind of [trough]? I’m just actually curious, if you’ve seen any changes in surrender activity on the product you saw in ’11 and ’12, was just that kind of change in Japanese market?
Dan Amos: No. We haven’t, I think, it’s too early to see that, our products have significant surrender charges in them prior to the time they become paid out that really won’t occur until 2016, 2017?
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Schuman from KBW.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more big picture perspective on Japan Post. I think it’s pretty widely understood that Japan Post wanted to manufacture their own cancer product. I’m wondering if we should think of your arrangement is, maybe a temporary one until the IPO at which point they might reconsider competing against you with their own products or how should we think about it, the relationship in a longer term?
Dan Amos: I’m going to let Charles Lake to answer that.
Charles Lake:  This deal is structured as a long term relationship deal and it is deep down in that regard. It is an exclusive agreement that makes it very clear that Japan Post group including Japan Post Insurance will be offering Aflac to cancer products. And again I maybe repeating what Tohru and Dan talked about, but Japan Post group has Japan Post Insurance as well as Japan Posting Network Company. That network company has 20,000 post offices that has 100,000 licensed agents. As Tohru, talked about, we will be training them and so on, but there are already insurance agents that are trained. So they are going to be selling eventually when we reached 20,000 that is 100,000 agents gradually down the row Aflac Insurance and Aflac branded insurance that will gently develop within. The third component of this deal that was announced again makes that very clear that is, it is a long term relationship that we have structured here. This is a special product that we will work with them. Here are their views and then develop, but it is an Aflac branded product. So in many ways as Dan talked about this deal, it is a game changer. It is indeed a president setting. Other insurance companies have had some access to the channel. But we are making in many ways setting a president here in a way that makes this a very, very big deal in Japan. The media coverage in Japan, all the front page articles that appeared when these deal was announced with any indication, all prime time news covering this deal with any indication, but that kind of a deal is not going to be a two year or three year deal that only was structured for the IPO so. Hopefully, I’ve given you enough or some of the flavors of the nature of a deal in a way and why we believe it’s a long term.
Jeff Schuman - KBW:  Thanks, Charles. That’s all very helpful. Just to be crystal clear, so when you say exclusive, that clearly means they won't sell products and other third parties. But are they precluded from manufacturing their own product? Charles Lake  It is an exclusive deal that Japan Post Insurance will not be developing its own cancer product.
Operator:  Thank you. Next question is Steven Schwartz from Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James:  Probably a follow-up on that one, I guess two things. The original deal was structured in 2007. Obviously, this deal has more of the post hours. But I think the assumptions had been that you’re going to expand from the original amount. I guess my first question is, this didn’t really sell well the first time around. I guess -- what's different this time?
Dan Amos: I want to answer this. Charles Lake  Okay, Dan.
Dan Amos:  And then, you can Charles. If you remember when we announced, I specifically said, don’t get your hopes up too high on Japan Post. I specifically said that the banks would be much bigger than would be the post office. Everyone got real excited and our stock hit all highs at that time. I was always felt that we needed to temper it because we did not have the network or the group as we call it. We only had one part of it and the insurance company and these agencies were not a part of it. So we never knew exactly what would happen, would the post develop their own product, would they not. This is now totally different. Now I’m willing to say this is a big deal. So I’m very excited about that.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. Unless something else is going to trend in, back in 2007, if I remember correctly Dan, and I do remember, you’re talking about the banks versus the post office and banks being much bigger. But I do think that you were thinking at the time that the post office might be as big as Daiichi back in the day which was about 10 billion yen. Is that reasonable to think about?
Dan Amos:  We’re not going to make any comments on numbers at this point. We’re in too early stage, but as I’ve told, as said on CNBC, this is a game changer and I’m willing to make that comment, but I can’t quote numbers at this point. We’ve agreed to wait and see with Japan Post and so it would be improper at this time.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. I appreciate that. Thanks guys.
Robin Wilkey: We’ve got two minutes left. So we’ll take the last call, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today comes from Suneet Kamath from UBS.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Quick follow-up on Japan Post and then another one on the SMR, on the Post, it seems like another difference this time around is the 79 direct sales outlets that come with the deal. So what is your expectation that you’d start to sell-through those outlets?
Dan Amos: Charles?
Charles Lake: Yeah. Should I answer that?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes.
Dan Amos: Yeah.
Charles Lake: Yes. That's a arrangement, that would be an agency cont arrangement between two insurance companies and that just as it was the case with Dai-ichi it requires an approval from FSA. So we will be working on that. So pending approval for FSA, as soon as we receive that approval, we will begin that process. And again, I think, Dan, hit all the key points and maybe I’m repeating, what he said, but this deal was the entire group with the holding company that ultimately makes it an integrated deal, makes it special. So, it's not just the Japan Post agency, Japan Post Insurance agency, but the Japan Post network both combined in a coherent strategy to implement as a group in exclusive deals to sell Aflac Cancer product. That's what makes it a game changer
Dan Amos: Charles, you might mention about new management.
Charles Lake: Yes. That’s a very important point. Mr. Nishimuro, the new CEO of Japan Post Holdings, one of the most highly respected international business persons in Japan, former CEO of Toshiba and former CEO of Tokyo Stock Exchange and he has taken on this leadership role and he has expressed his vision for the IPO and working together with different companies and were one of the first companies to have structured the deal and made the announcement. He also made a very kind statement in the press release that we issued. So this is a private sector seal with demonstrated record of success in a global economy and Dan and Nishimuro had a wonderful meeting and we are looking forward to that strategic cooperation in that regard as well with this new management team. I also want to mention Mr. Ishii who is the President of Japan Post Insurance, Mr. Takashi from Japan Post Network Company, all are combined working together as a team with us. Tohru and I had a number of meetings with them and we are very much looking at this as a long term and working in a way that will make this a big success. So all of this is very positive in our view.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Okay. And I guess, maybe I’ll just follow-up on Japan Post. So when we went down this road with the banks, it turned out that the banks wanted a really different product than what you guys were selling through the other channels, both in terms of how the product was structured, I believe, also in terms of how they were paid commission wise. So, I guess that initially you are going to sell, I believe what you are going to sell through Japan Post is the same cancer product that you are selling today, but I guess as we think about Japan Post wanting to create their own product, also going public and wanting to be profitable, could we see something similar as we saw with the banks in terms of, maybe a modified product that may not be similar to the cancer insurance products that you guys have sold through other channels?
Dan Amos: No. It will be similar, but it will -- it will have Japan Post stamp on it, that is what they want. But it will be same profit margins and much similar -- it will still be a cancer policy. It's not like we are all of sudden going to in wait or somewhere else. This is going to be very similar, how you would view it from an analyst perspective.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Got it. So, same margins, same benefit ratio, all that stuff.
Dan Amos: Exactly.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Perfect. Okay. Thank you. 
Robin Wilkey: Hi. Thank you very much. I appreciate all of you joining us today. If you like to follow up with any question, I will be available. So thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining and all parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 09:20:00) =====
Executives:  Robin Wilkey – Senior Vice President - Investor Relations Dan Amos – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger – President and Chief Financial Officer Paul Amos –President of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of U.S. Operations Ken Janke – Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer Eric Kirsch – Executive Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer Tohru Tonoike – President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan
Analysts:  Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Jeffrey Schuman - KBW Eric Bass – Citigroup Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Aflac’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to, Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer; and Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan who is joining us from Tokyo. Before we start, let me remind you of some statements in this teleconference that are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who’ll begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the U.S. I will then follow up with a few financial highlights for the first quarter then we will be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am very pleased that we met and in many cases exceeded our financial and operational targets for first quarter. Let me began with an update of Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. New annualized premium sales in the first quarter were up 2.6% to ¥53.8 billion. Revenues grew 9.7% and pretax earnings were up 10.7% for the quarter. Sales for the first sector products including WAYS and (inaudible) came in better than expected in the first quarter. This was primarily driven by consumers who wanted to make insurance purchases of first sector products ahead of the rate increase on April 2. I had said that I would not be surprised if we saw WAYS sales down 40% to 60% following the rate increase. Based on early sales indications for April, that seems like a reasonable estimate. Banks also had a strong sales push in order to end their fiscal year with solid sales results. Additionally, we have seen consumer show interest in a variety of investment type products, especially with JGB yields at historic low rates and the Nikkei having risen considerably over the past several months. As such, we expect the sales of our first sector products, particularly WAYS to be down significantly for the remainder of the year.  With respect to total third sector products, combined cancer and medical insurance sales, were down 7.1% for the quarter which was in line with our expectations. However, remaining the leading provider of third sector products is important to us and is the foundation of our product portfolio. We anticipate focusing more on third sector product development now that the first sector rerating has been complete. We mentioned last year that we are currently under penetrated in the consumers who are in their 20s to 40s. I’m pleased to tell you that we’re working on getting approval of a new medical product with the FSA. As such we anticipate very strong second half sales. Taking all these factors into account, I believe that 2013 expectation that Aflac Japan third sector cancer and medical will be flat to up 5% is still reasonable.  Now let me turn to the U.S operations. As I mentioned last quarter, I wouldn’t be if sales were down slightly in the first quarter, considering our biggest percentage increase last year came in the first quarter. Our results were consistent with that expectation. Aflac U.S new annualized premium sales were down 5.2% for the quarter. We know that small employers are still guarded with respect to their business outlook. In addition some employees have been reluctant to make changes in their benefits in advance of the healthcare reform implementation.  In terms of relief of small businesses, if there is any recovery at all, it seems to be a jobless recovery. While there are several factors that we can’t control, we are driven to improve the factors that we can influence. We continue to expand our marketing activities to maximize our future growth. With brand recognition at 94%, we continue to leverage our popularity to capture the attention of the consumers with the ultimate goal of driving sales. I hope you’ve seen our new U.S commercials that portray the Aflac duck as a policy holder and claimant. They have been very popular. We want to continue to educate consumers about our products, while at the same time entertaining them. Additionally, we evaluate and enhance our products to ensure that we are in step with the needs of the consumers, particularly in this economic landscape. We’re also planning some aggressive new individual and group product launches. With a strong brand recognition and reputation for paying claims quickly and fairly, we believe consumers will be more receptive to purchasing our products. As you know, a lot of changes are taking place in the U.S healthcare environment and we expect these changes to impact how people choose to purchase insurance going forward. We are spending a great deal of time ensuring that we’re prepared to approach this change from a position of strength. Our job is to be multi-faceted in our distribution to make sure we have the presence where the consumer wants to purchase the products. There are different distribution possibilities we’re working on from creating a private exchange to expanding our reach through insurance brokers to empowering our individual agents.  One thing we know from nearly four decades in Japan is that even with national healthcare system, consumers have significant out of pocket expenses and our products continue to be relevant in their needs. Although there will be more competition, we believe the national healthcare system in the U.S actually presents Aflac with opportunities as consumers become more aware of financial protection Aflac products help provide. As I mentioned, first quarter sales comparisons are the most challenging of the year. We expect sales to be weighted more towards the latter half of the year. We believe it’s reasonable to expect Aflac U.S sales through our traditional and broker channels to be flat to up 5% for the year.  Having discussed our operations, let me give you an update on the investment function. We made excellent progress in the build out of our investment team and implementation of our investment strategy. I am pleased we did not have any major investment losses in the first quarter. While we still view Europe as an area of investment risk, I believe our portfolio is better positioned than ever to accommodate market volatility in the future. Also, we are optimistic in the future derisking of our portfolio including the sale of 25% of our Tunisian bondholders. As we have stated for many years, our greatest investment challenge has been to invest Aflac's significant cash flow at reasonable investment yields. The U.S. corporate bond program initiated in July of last year continues to an effective means for enhancing Aflac Japan's new money yield. In addition to the attractive returns, we are pleased with the positive impact to our overall portfolio of quality and liquidity. For the past two quarters we have invested roughly two-thirds of our investment cash flows in U.S. denominated, publicly traded corporate bonds and then hedged the currency risk. At March 31, this program represented 8.7% of our total portfolio which is well below our strategic asset allocation range. Additionally, as part of our investment strategy, we have said we would invest about one-third of our cash flow in JGBs. However, with 10-year JGB yields hitting historic lows, we want to be flexible in our asset allocation. We anticipate that the bank of Japan will keep interest rates low for the immediate future. Our investment team is carefully monitoring Japan's monetary and fiscal policy. As we have seen significant changes impacting financial markets including Japan interest rates and yen/dollar exchange rates. We are evaluating our investment options and looking for alternatives to lower our planned JGB new money investment allocation. We will consider diversification and liquidity as we approach these investment choices. As I mentioned that Aflac's consolidated financial performance was extremely strong for the quarter, excluding the impact from foreign currency, operating earnings per diluted share rose 5.7% for the quarter. I was also very pleased with the increasing strength of capital ratios which demonstrates our commitment to maintaining financial strength and flexibility on behalf of our policy holders, shareholders and bondholders. While we have not yet completed our statutory financial statements, we estimate our quarterly RBC ratio at March 31 was above our 2012 year-end ratio of 630%. We believe Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio in March 31 will also improve over the year-end 2012 level of 669%. As we have communicated, given the capital structure, our ability to repurchase share is largely tied to profit repatriation. In contemplating profit repatriation, our first consideration is the safety of the policyholders as measured by the SMR. Next we consider the needs of the parent company and consult with Japan's management in making the determination. We currently expect 2013 profit repatriation to be a bit higher than the ¥50 billion we communicated last quarter. This assumes we have no additional material investment losses between now and mid-June when we file Aflac Japan's FSA based financial statements. As we have said for many years, when it comes to deploying capital, we still believe that growing cash dividend and repurchasing our share, are the most attractive means and those are the avenues we will continue to pursue. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate that is in line with earnings per share growth before the impact of the yen. We have a lot of flexibility at the parent company in terms of liquidity. Given the liquidity and the strength of our capital ratios, we plan to purchase $400 million to $600 million of our shares in 2013. We are off to a great a start with our share repurchase plans for the year. In the first quarter we purchased approximately 3 million shares or about $150 million. I think this shows that we are even more comfortable with this rate. Additionally, we expect to accelerate our share repurchase in 2014. Maintaining strong capital levels remains a priority for us. At the same time generating an industry leading return on equity, excluding the Yen impact is also extremely important to us and to our owners. Accordingly, the compensation committee of the Aflac’s board of directors made a decision to include operating ROE as a component of the bonus structure for Aflac senior management effective this year.  On an operating basis, our first quarter ROE was 23.4%. Keep in mind our ROE is sensitive to currency fluctuations because we have largely hedged equity into dollars, but not all of our earnings. This means when the Yen weakens our ROE declines. Had the Yen remained unchanged since the end of the year, our operating ROE would have been 26.1%. So even with the weaker Yen I think it’s still reasonable to expect our operating ROE to range between 20% and 25% for 2013.  In yesterday’s release we reaffirmed our 2013 guidance of 4% to 7% increase in operating earnings per share, excluding the impact of currency. This range reflects the impact of investing significant cash flows at historically low interest rates. I would also remind you that our 2012 earnings were better than expected. Although the Yen is significantly weaker to the dollar, the fundamentals of our business and our operations are strong. Overall, I’m pleased with Aflac’s position in Japan and the United States, the two largest insurance markets in the world and first and foremost we are focused on protecting our policy holders and providing value to our investors. We’re fortunate that in the process of doing so, we have the privilege of providing financial protection to more than 50 million worldwide. Now I’ll turn the program over to Robin.
Robin Wilkey: Thanks Dan. Let me go through some first quarter numbers starting with Aflac Japan. Beginning with top line, revenues were up 9.7% for the quarter. Excluding the effect of the weaker Yen in the quarter, revenues were up 8.4%. The annualized persistency rate, excluding annuities in the quarter were strong at 95.0% compared with 94.5% last year. Net investment income increased 7.3%. Excluding the benefit of the weaker Yen in the quarter on Aflac Japan’s dollar denominated investment income, net investment income rose 1.2%. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total premiums increased over last year going from 71.5% a year ago to 72.4% in the first quarter, primarily caused by the growth of the net benefit reserves for our ordinary life line of products, most notably WAYS.  The expense ratio for the quarter was 17.1%, down from 18.1% a year ago. The expense ratio was impacted primarily by lower net commissions associated with the sales of the life products lines. As a result of the lower expense ratios, the pretax profit margin rose slightly from 21.3% to 21.5% in the quarter.  Turning to Aflac U.S., total revenues rose 3.9% in the first quarter. The benefit ratio to total premiums decreased over last year, going from 55.1% a year ago to 54% in the first quarter. This was generally in line with normal seasonality effects during the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the first three months was strong but stable at 74.7%. No change from last year’s results.  The expense ratio for the quarter was up 32.5%, up from 31.4% a year ago and is in line with normal first quarter activity. The profit margin for the quarter was relatively unchanged at 19.5% compared to 19.6% a year ago. Turning to some investment activity for the quarter, starting with Aflac Japan, approximately $1.8 billion of Aflac Japan’s new cash flow was invested in the corporate bond program for growth yield of 3.72% and an annualized hedge cost of 30 basis points. The yield net of hedging cost was 3.42%. This brings the total cash flow invested in the corporate bond program to approximately $8.8 billion with a total yield on the corporate bond program of 3.41% excluding hedge costs. Approximately 30% of our new cash flow for the quarter was invested in JGBs with an average yield of 1.53%. The new money yield for the quarter all in was 3.03%, an increase of 30 basis points from the fourth quarter and up 100 basis points from a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of March was up 3.01%, up 14 basis points from the fourth quarter and 17 basis points lower than a year ago. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 3.69%, an increase of 17 basis points from the fourth quarter. And the yield on portfolio at the end of March was 6.19%, down 16 basis points from the fourth quarter and 42 basis points from a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. Non-insurance interest expense was $48 million compared to 44 million a year ago. On an operating basis, the tax rate decreased from 34.7% a year ago to 34.4%. The weaker yen decreased the operating earnings by $0.15 per diluted share for the quarter. Excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per diluted share increased 5.7% for the quarter. Operating ROEs reported for the quarter was 23.4%. Excluding the impact of the yen, operating ROE for the quarter was 26.1%. As you heard Dan mention earlier, we plan to repatriate more than ¥50 billion in 2013 in anticipation of our profit repatriation this year and considering the tough market conditions. We have entered into derivative contracts to hedge the majority of our profit repatriation this year against the potential further weakening of the yen. Also, it's part of a continual refinement in our pricing methodology for our investment portfolio, where we have a large number of privately issued securities, we have elected move from an internal modeling method for assessment and valuation of these securities to an outside vendor. As a result of this change in market conditions during the quarter, shareholders equity declined by approximately $582 million from December 31. Lastly, let me comment on our earnings outlook for 2013 and our upcoming analyst meeting. You heard us affirm our objective to increase operating EPS 4% to 7% this year excluding the impact of the yen. If the yen averages 95 to 100 for the full year, we would expect to report operating EPS of $5.99 to $6.37 per diluted share for the full year. For the second quarter, using the same currency assumptions, we would expect operating earnings to be in the range of $1.41 to $1.56 per diluted share. Now let me take a few moments to remind you that our analyst meeting will be held in New York on May 22. We have given careful consideration and thought to our policy of providing earnings guidance at the analyst meeting. As we look at our disclosure practices, we have made a modification to the way we will discuss our earnings targets. We concluded that it is in the best interests of our company and our shareholders to provide earnings guidance in the third quarter for the following year, rather than projecting earnings a year and half out as we have previously done over the past several years. We do not expect earnings growth to be materially different than what we see for 2013. We simply feel it is better for us to take the additional five months to gather more data that influences our business before we put out an estimate. This will also more closely align our financial modeling with our budgeting process. So at the analyst meeting next month, we won't comment on 2014 earnings expectations. However, we will discuss our operations in great detail and update you on opportunities to grow our business in 2014 and beyond. Please don’t forget to register if you’d like to attend and now we’ll get back to this quarter and we’d be happy to take your questions. To be fair to everybody, please remember to limit yourselves to one initial question and only one follow-up that closely relates to your initial question. We may begin.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chris Giovanni of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: I guess first question obviously with currency and the impact of the Yen moving all over the place. Have you guys given consideration to hedging the earnings of the company and just the thought process around that?
Ken Janke: Chris, this is Ken. Let me start with that. This has been an issue as long as we’ve been in Japan as Japan has grown to be a larger portion of our business that obviously has affected the sensitivity of earnings to currency changes. But the one thing that I would remind you is that there is a distinct difference between foreign currency transactions and foreign currency translation. We are certainly interested as Robin indicated in hedging economic events like capital being remitted from Japan to the United States. But we don’t think it makes sense to enter into an economic contract to hedge a financial reporting event. Largely Japan is a yen denominated entity that’s self-funded. We collect premiums in Yen. We pay benefits and expenses in Yen. We back our Yen liabilities with Yen assets, but to the degree that this year’s Yen rate differs from last year’s influences how those Yen get reported in dollars. So again when we think about hedging, we’re really focused on the economics of the business as opposed to financial reporting of the business.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: And then one question maybe for Paul. I guess the healthcare reform opportunity that you guys are pointing to a bit here doesn’t take shape by the end of the year. That 0% to 5% sales growth target, where would that possibly shift to?
Paul Amos: Well, there have obviously been certain things that have been delayed within the healthcare reform package. There are questions about when the exchange implementation will occur, whether it will be in 2014 or 2015. Obviously being the proceeding fourth quarter open enrollment period to either of those dates that would have the largest effect. That said Chris, one of the things that we’ve been highly focused on is work within the broker market continuing to have our field force work with brokers, continuing to succeed at the upper end of the broker market and growing that business. One of the reasons that we knew that we would see sales be weaker in the first half of the year was not just the comparisons, but it was also the continued work within that market where we expect to see more fourth quarter enrolments with or without healthcare reform.  So my overall assessment at this point is that even given the current environment and the information that we are knowledgeable about today that we still believe we will be within that 0% to 5% growth target for 2013. That said, issues and things continue to arise and we cannot predict what those are going to be. We watch HHS and other groups as well as what’s happening at 50 different state governments on a daily and weekly basis about what they’re doing to implement healthcare reform. Our sales force continues to be out focused on opening new groups and continuing to try to enroll in the marketplace. But as Dan said with a somewhat jobless recovery, there have been minor headwinds. So all of those different factors play into everything that we’re trying to do while we’re simultaneously also implementing our new training system which in effect had a downturn in our recruiting in Q1 which was planned by us. So in reality I think that we are headed towards 0% to 5%, but there are a lot of things that we’re having to balance at this point.
Operator: Our next question does come from Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Just one quick follow up on the hedging and then an earnings question. Ken, just to follow up on that question. So I think you’ve hedged probably using three months currency type of hedge, because you mentioned that June repatriation amount has been hedged. Have you guys considered, especially given Dan's comments about accelerating buybacks in 2014, has there been consideration to hedging expected repatriation amount for next year as well or beyond.
Dan Amos: Yes, we have. Again, we have entered into a series of contracts. Our anticipated profit transfer for 2013 will really be towards the later part of July, right around the time we released second quarter earnings. We should be able to give you a better idea of what that number is in a few weeks when we conduct the analyst meeting. But again, we have undertaken a series of transactions to hedge a significant portion of this year's anticipated repatriation. And we are looking at what is available to our disposal and what makes economic sense for us for '14. And we are fine tuning those estimates and we would hope to give you a range of estimates at the analyst meeting about what repatriation in '14 would look like as well.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, Dan, just a question about the decision to push out 2014 earnings guidance. Should we be reading into that partly driven by the uncertainty with a very large decline in WAYS sales? I guess my main question is, does the change in what you expect in WAYS, do you think that’s going to have a potential impact on what I think you have been saying previously leading up to this point. You would expect a slow steady earnings growth recovery trajectory over the next several years.
Dan Amos: Okay. Kriss just poked me and he said he wants to answer, but let me say one thing. One of the reasons that I want to do it next year is because I don’t think it's going to be significant. You know I want to do something in a year when it's uneventful. And I think what we have given you guidance for hasn’t changed that dramatically.
Kriss Cloninger: Yeah, Tom, let me just follow up on that. It's not that we are not going to give you guidance. We are going to give you guidance relative to the key components of the model you guys independently develop to estimate our EPS. That is, we are going to give you long-term outlooks, two to three year outlooks for Japan ratios, Japan margins, U.S. ratios, U.S. margins. And that will give you a good basis for populating your models for the operating results. What we are trying to avoid is some of the noise. The favorable or unfavorable tax settlements that might impact the change in EPS and things like that, that we have a hard time seeing 18 to 20 months in advance. So partly, we have been talking about this for several years on the advice of SEC Counsel and what you do in terms of going on the line for long-term projections. And so what we have decided is to focus more on giving you solid guidance what we can best predict and let you reach your own conclusions about some of the things that are not quite as predictable. So I am going to show you what I told you last year in Feb relative to Japan operating ratios and reconcile them to our actual results and update them for another year or so. And so you will get that kind of guidance but you are just not going to get the specific EPS prediction.
Dan Amos: And, Tom, to be specific, last year at this time we didn’t know we were going to have those additional profits that would come in. All of a sudden they came in, we did better than what we thought. In 2012 we have also given you guidance for '13 which ramped up the pressure on us in 2013. So we like to be able to see it. So that it was the positive things that happened last year that really drove this to want us to wait a little bit longer in doing it and then the SEC attorneys as well.
Operator: Our next question does come from Mark Finkelstein of Evercore Partners. Your line is open.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: I have got a couple of questions. I guess just firstly, can you just talk a little bit about the philosophy of repatriation going forward. I mean obviously, historically you’ve looked at FSA earnings, maybe 80% of those. Now you’re in a situation where the Yen has weakened considerably that has capital impacts. How should we think about the interplay of FSA earnings capital levels of similar ratios and repatriation?
Ken Janke: Mark, this is Ken. Let me start with this and I think Dan or Kriss and maybe even Tohru might want to jump in and add something. But the basis thought process is this. Clearly we’re in the business of making commitments to customers and foremost on our mind is that we can fulfill those obligations to our policy holders. We have to protect their interests. So in that regard their protection really is measured by Japan’s capital requirements, in other words the solvency margin ratio is critical. So we do a lot of work around the solvency margin ratio itself, projecting the ratio, stress testing the ratio and both relatively mild scenarios as well as very extreme scenarios to understand what risks there are to those ratios. And as we’ve discussed in the past, unlike the RBC ratio, we also have interest rate risk to the SMR in Japan because the portion portfolio is mark-to-market for FSA reporting whereas RBC does not do that. In both ratios, SMR as well there’s currency risk because we have a fairly significant un-hedged dollar position in the dollar portfolio that we’ve had for more than 20 years.  So really analysis is around making sure that our SMR is healthy enough to protect our customers and accommodate risks. Once we have comfort with that we do look at our FSA based earnings as a guide and as you point out, generally we have looked at a rule of thumb of pulling out 80% of FSA earnings and that would be FSA net income to include operating results as well as realized investment gains or losses. And then we’ll simply look at what the parent company’s needs are, liquidity needs and we will deliberate internally as well with our management in Japan and come up with a recommendation and agreement on what we’ll repatriate. And that’s basically how we’ve done it for some time. And again we’ll give you more insight into the exact numbers in just a few weeks, but that’s really the process. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: And then just on the Japan margin which was I think stronger than most people had expected, how should we think about that going forward? How would you characterize what we saw in the quarter particularly in the expense side?
Kriss Cloninger: I’ll handle that. I’ll say our margins have been typically a bit higher in the first quarter than the latter part of year, partly because on the Japan side and to the U.S side to some extent, late in the year we have some benefit through ups and stuff like that on accounting adjustments that we’re committed to because of our [socks] process. The first quarter is usually both a favorable morbidity quarter and a lack of extraneous adjustments. So over the last several years our Japan margin has been higher in the first quarter than it has been throughout the year. the other thing is we tend to be heavily oriented toward expenses being incurred in the latter part of the year and we usually start the year somewhat cautiously on expenses and as we gain confidence that we’re achieving the plans we loosen the reins on expenses to the extent we can. So expense ratios tend to be a bit lower in the first quarter than the latter part of the year.  So I’m just saying overall our margins tend to be a little bit higher in the first part of the year than the latter part of the year. But part of that is management oriented. I’d say my take on this quarter was it was a favorable quarter, meaning that it was in line with expectations. As I mentioned in an earlier response I’m going to give you a reconciliation of FAB. The guidance we gave you on ratios as far as benefits and expenses and the like last May and tell you how that came out in 2012. And then in the first quarter of 2013, I will say on Japan our benefit ratio was maybe on the high end of the forecast because we produced more ways relative to third sector, health, in the latter part of 2012 and 2013. So the benefit ratios were a bit higher than my forecast but the expense margins were a bit lower and the profit margin came in right in the middle of the range. So I consider that to be a favorable outcome.
Operator: Our next question does come from Jay Gelb of Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: First I just want to follow-up on the 2014 outlook. I want to clarify Robin's comments. It seems as if you said that pace of earnings growth in 2014 could be similar to that of 2013. So I am assuming that there is 4% to 7% excluding the impact of the yen?
Ken Janke: This is Ken, Jay. We are not going to go that far. But I know you see this in your model. The vast majority of our revenues are known at January 1 of each year, given the significant persistency of Japan's enforce block, the stable and recently improving persistency of the U.S. block, the investment income combined with the predictability of our expenses and benefits. It's not a catalyst type of story. You see fairly consistent results emerge over long periods of time and I think that’s really what Robin was referring to. Again, we don’t want to get into a specific range but I think her comment really suggests that we don’t expect a material change either upward or downward in the earning trajectory for next year. We are just going to give ourselves a bit more time to fine tune those estimates for '14.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: I see. Okay. And then on the Japan sales, if WAYS sales starting 2Q down 40% to 60%, I just have a little trouble getting to flat to up 5%...?
Dan Amos: Flat to up was only dealing with third sector. And remember, the down 40% to 60% is just for April but I think that trend may improve a little bit because always April is going to be your -- with that rate increase going in into effect. But the flat to up 5% was only for third sector.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. And the down 46%...?
Dan Amos: Tohru, you want to make a comment?
Tohru Tonoike: Not really. What Dan is right. We are trying to achieve the [2%] to 5% to increase in the third sub-sector that (inaudible) and America combined. And at this point we expect a significant decline in the sales of the WAYS and going forward not as much the degrees in April. Because April is the month right after the rate increase so many people came to us trying to buy this product before the rate increase in March. So as a reflection, reaction to that we will see a very quiet April. But later in the year that situation will be improved a little bit but still we expect a difficult year of income to the sales of the WAYS product.
Dan Amos: Paul and I heard the presentation on the new advertising campaign we are holding towards the end of the third quarter and fourth quarter. And I think, you are going to see sales results more in line with '09 where we came on very strong in the fourth quarter. And so I am very excited about what Aflac Japan shows both of us. So that’s very encouraging.
Kriss Cloninger: I want to further add that just because the sale of WAYS is off, doesn’t necessarily translate into profits. Actually it could result in some profit improvement. I have talked to a little bit on the last couple of calls about the impact of selling a higher volume of business at a lower margin, the converse is true too. If you sell a lower volume half margin business, it tends to offset and then you’ve got the impact of higher level non-deferrable costs both on U.S GAAP basis as well as on a regulatory basis and that improves our regulatory financial results profit wise. So lower volumes of WAYS is not necessarily negative for profit expectations. 
Ken Janke: Profit repatriation.
Kriss Cloninger: Right.
Operator: Our next question does come from Jeff Schuman of KBW. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Just wanted to come back to the issue of I guess capital builds, repatriation and if you could give a little bit of perspective from a different angle. Granted you have to be sensitive to SMR and the FSA earnings, but so I think to look at the statutory capital, your statutory operating earnings were I think $2.9 billion in 2011, 43.3 billion in 2012 and then I have to assume in 2013 given that the business is bigger and you may have less capital strain on some new business that that number just continues to go up. I think you need to probably retain about $0.5 billion a year to fund growth. It just seems like you’re destined to have this enormous statutory capital build. I’m wondering if that’s inevitable and you continue to be governed by the FSA constraints in the next few years or how we think about what appears to be the destiny for enormous statutory capital build.
Ken Janke: Jeff, it’s Ken again. It’s long been the case that the real source of our free cash flow is profit repatriation from Japan. And as we discussed last year at the Analyst meeting, the U.S has been saddled from a cash standpoint with additional tax payments to the U.S treasury because of the significant derisking that occurred in the Japanese portfolio which simply shifts the U.S export and as you know Aflac U.S as well. The U.S is responsible for all of the interest expense on the debt at the parent company level. So when you’re thinking about -- at least until we see more normalcy and I think we’re getting to that point because the losses have really been diminished recently to the extent that we don’t have realized investment losses in Japan you don’t see that tax burden hurting the U.S segment as much. So we’re starting to see more normalcy there. But it is fair that the constraint for cash flow largely as the SMR in Japan’s ability to repatriate capital.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Let’s say the case I think during the periods of extraordinary growth that you’ve just had, but at some point don’t all those accounting systems converge and does that different …?
Ken Janke: They do, but it takes time. If you close the block it would happen more quickly.
Dan Amos: I had that problem when I first became CEO. We had that issue. People -- we couldn’t get money out of Japan they thought, but it was because of the conservatism and the way they viewed it on an SMR basis, but once it hit the maximum it then took off. And the normalcy here is coming back and I think over the next few years you’re going to see it go back. Assuming we don’t have any more major losses and we don’t foresee them in the future, although we continue to be cautiously optimistic.
Operator: Our next question does come from Eric Bass of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Eric Bass – Citigroup: Just hoping, can you provide an update on expected margins on new sales by different products following the repricing given where you’re investing new money today?
Kriss Cloninger: It jumps the gun a little bit on our FAB presentation, but I anticipated that someone would ask the question about the margin on the repriced business. For the business we’re currently selling after the April 2 effective date on the repricing and with the discounted advance premium rate at 1% on business written with that. We anticipate that with a lifetime of the product, net investment yield rate of 2%, our profit margin as a percent of premium would be in the 15% to 20% range. Our ROE would be about 16%. If you say, okay, the net investment yield is going to be 2.5 life of the product kind of thing, you get up into the mid-20s. The range I am going to show you is probably close from 22 to 30 and ROE close to 22. So I will let you reach some conclusions about where the appropriate number for net investment yield over the life of the product is going to be. But those were the ranges I am going to show at the FAB meeting in May.
Eric Bass – Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, that’s helpful. And then just maybe one follow up on the new money yield. You did see it increase in Japan pretty dramatically from kind of the fourth quarter to the first. I am just wondering since you are investing sort of the same mix between JGBs in U.S. corporate, kind of what it was on the U.S. corporate side that allowed you to get higher new money yields and if you changed anything either in the duration of securities you are buying or the credit level?
Eric Kirsch: Hi, it's Eric Kirsch. Nothing really has changed about the guidelines of the program. It's a longer duration corporate bond portfolio about 10 to 12 years, typically we are about 11 years on average. I think if you look at the fourth quarter to the first quarter within the U.S. corporate bond markets, by and large yields have come down -- or yields had gone up during the first quarter, excuse me, though there was some spread compression. But there was this [peakness] to the credit curve, particularly in the fourth quarter. So we did pick up some additional spread because we are focused on the longer end, but by and large the yields we have invested in have been kind of in the area that we expected plus or minus 10 or so basis points. So we see a little bit of pickup in the first quarter just from the shape of the credit curve in general.
Operator: Our next question does come from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James & Associates. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Before I ask my own questions, I do want to follow up on one thing. Ken, at the beginning when Tom asked his question, I was unclear. Are you looking at hedging 2014 profit repatriation very early in the year?
Ken Janke: We are looking at our options to do so right now.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Then if I may, Kriss, looking at margins, could you give us a sense of maybe what the margin was on the first sector product that was sold in the first quarter, given that there was -- you got a higher rate through corporate debt program but you didn’t have the rate increases in yet?
Kriss Cloninger: That’s correct. It would probably be more in that 15% to 20% zone than in the higher numbers I quoted. But keep in mind that for the WAYS business with the discounted advanced premium, we did still have the 50 basis point rise in effect for that business, up through the April 1 switch date. So the initiatives we took to improve profitability on new business that we took during 2012 carried over into the first quarter of 2013. And I think it’s pretty conservative life of the block assumptions for net investment yield rates. You would get at least 15% to 20% on the first sector business you wrote.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Good point about that. And then for Paul, two things here. Paul, you talked about kind of alternative distribution maybe participate in private exchanges what have you. I didn’t hear anything about going over the internet, maybe going over portals like e-health, things like that, that maybe connecting to the exchanges. And I am also interested, you have through your sales force, probably an unparalleled look into the health spending plans of small employers. Are you hearing anything from your sales force to suggest that significant amounts of employers will be dumping their major medical plans and maybe in association with that, dumping their supplemental health plans as well? (Inaudible)
Paul Amos: There is a whole bunch in there. So let me get it started. First of all, we view the exchanges as an opportunity not to be necessarily an online enrolment tool where we’re selling directly over the internet, but instead we view it as a direct tool to enhance our sales force to go to market and allow them to further their strength in the small business market. We’re building our own private exchange where we’ll be partnering with certain companies which we believe is going to allow our sales force to really strengthen their hold on the accounts that they have as well as continue to grow their accounts in the small business market. So I believe the exchange is a win for our sales team as opposed to being an online sale. In terms of participating in online only enrolments, there are aspects we may test, but today there continues to be large adverse selection around that type of sale as well as with increased competition in that marketplace we know that there’s going to be a drive towards limited profitability and we want to do everything we can to maintain the margins on our profits and by selling through our own private exchange we believe we maximize the ability to sell with higher margins and maintain those ratios and at the same time obviously help our sales force. On the latter half of your question around healthcare cost increases, what I would say to you …
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Paul, it wasn’t healthcare cost increases. It was the idea that employers may take advantage of the existence of the exchanges to basically tell employees look, instead of me providing this, here’s some money, you go get it.
Paul Amos: I understand. I’m sorry about that. There is a technology that is going to allow us within our exchange called iFrame. Whether the employer chooses to or not to push their employees out to the exchange, we’ll be able to actually enroll at the worksite whether they do that or not. So we can actually pull up the state or federal exchange through our enrolment technology, through this technology called iFrame. Therefore we believe we can persuade the business to allow, even if they want to go push their people out in order to qualify for the subsidy, we can help them do that. At the same time we believe that the implementation of subsidies is going to go at a very slow manner. We believe that it’s going to happen on a state by state basis depending upon their current fiscal environment and we believe that there’s going to be a very inconsistent rollout of exchanges. That’s not a political view. It’s a straight financial view of what’s going to happen. And so we’re monitoring this with the knowledge that it is going to be a highly complex environment.  What’s happening in California versus Iowa versus Alabama may be drastically different and therefore we’ll have an impact on how those local businesses decide what percentage of their people to push out to the market. We do know that the only place in the United States where we have a test market about that is the State of Massachusetts. Today only 6% of businesses actually push their employees out to the open exchange as opposed to McKenzie who’s gone out and said it could be as much as 40%. We believe it’s going to be on the lower end. In America there continues to be a war on talent where we know that small businesses more than ever value their employees and not only recruiting them but retaining them. And in order to retain them, we believe that health benefits is something they’re going to continue to want to offer. So to the extent that we can help partner with America’s small businesses to both leverage the exchange, but also to bring Aflac products and other companies’ products to the table, we believe we can continue to do extremely well.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Hopefully we’ll hear about this iFrame next month.
Operator: Your next question does come from (inaudible) of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Can we talk a little bit about the individual independent agencies in Japan? It seems like the number of those agencies is coming down and your products at least going up. I was curious, has productivity increased simply due to weeding of the underperformers or is there more going on there?
Tohru Tonoike: I’ll take that question. The decline in the recruiting numbers of the individual agencies and independent agencies I would say is in accordance with our plan. As I told you in the past conference call, we have been shifting focus from recruiting large number of independent out of individual agents towards putting more resources to the training of the existing recruited agents. That’s part of it. And also particularly in the three large metropolitan areas, namely Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya, we have created a network of the Aflac consultants, the group of visiting sales force employed by Aflac. So instead of hiring large number of individuals in that area, we are hiring a selected number of Aflac consultants. More professionally trained people so that they can make sales more efficiently than the average new recruited individual. So, yes, the number of recruits have been decreased substantially. But again this is, I would say, in line with what we have planned.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then on the investment side. As you are exploring alternatives of the JGBs, could you maybe walk us through some of the alternatives you are thinking about or maybe the frame work that you are using in order to look at these alternatives?
Eric Kirsch: Sure, I would be happy to. First, I think it's important to put it in perspective. The JGB allocation for us is 25% to 30% or so of our new money. And while certainly on April 4th after the new BOJ policy came out, yields fell precipitously. They have also come back up pretty strongly as well. So they are certainly lower than they were at the beginning of the year. But even if we followed of our JGB allocation for the rest of the year, if you did the math relative to our new money yield objectives, it was impacted by about 5 basis points. So it's not a huge differential. Nevertheless, we do consider do we want to lockup 20 year or 30 year money at these low yields, given they are at historic lows. And our viewpoint is, that there is a good chance there will be success in Japan. So sometime in the future whether it's a year out or two, interest rates will eventually rise. So keep that framework in mind. So our objective is, within that 25% or so, is there some alternatives that we could be comfortable with. We will outperform those yields but not necessarily lock us up for 20 or 30 years. So as an example, we could take a look at a short term corporate bond program hedged back to yen, where we could take advantage of good quality corporate bonds in the U.S., shorter durations and maturities or probably pick up 40 to 50 basis points over those JGB yields. And because the duration of those corporate would be shorter, they will be subject to less price sensitivity than say our long corporate bonds. So over a year or two from now, JGB yield should go up and we think we need to adjust the asset allocation at that time, we will have some flexibility as well. So we haven’t reached any conclusions. We think it's critical we follow what's happening in the monetary and fiscal side in Japan and always reflect on that. But it's not going to be a huge difference ultimately to our yields for this year when you do the math and settle that down. So everything will be brought up in perspective.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you very much. We have reached the top of the hour. And if you have any further questions, please give us a call. Tom and myself will be in the office, and if not please make sure that you sign of for our FAB meeting and we look forward to seeing you there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Today's conference has ended. All participants may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey – Senior Vice President - Investor Relations Dan Amos – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger – President and Chief Financial Officer Paul Amos –President of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of U.S. Operations Ken Janke – Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer Eric Kirsch – Executive Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer Tohru Tonoike – President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan
Analysts:  Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Eric Bass – Citigroup John Nadel – Sterne, Agee 
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to, Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations. Ma’am you may begin.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you, and good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President, Global Chief Investment Officer; Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan who is joining us from Tokyo. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who’ll begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and year as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. I will then follow-up with a few financial highlights for the quarter and the year and then we will be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning and thank you for joining us. The final quarter of 2012 concluded another great year for Aflac. Let me start in more detail about the accomplishments in 2012 and our outlook for 2013 beginning with Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Following five straight quarters of record breaking production, Aflac Japan’s new annualized premium sales in the fourth quarter were up slightly. Sales were ¥49.3 billion, an increase of 1.5% over the fourth quarter of 2011. For the third consecutive year, Aflac Japan generated record sales results. Our full year sales results rose 30.8% to ¥210.6 billion. You’ll recall that in the third quarter we said that Aflac Japan sales would be challenging for the remainder of the year and that’s exactly what we saw three primary factors affected our results, two of which we discussed in the third quarter. The first and foremost factor was difficult comparisons to a year ago, which primarily reflected our expansion into the bank channel. Bank distribution has been a great benefit to us, because about 70% of the bank customers are new to Aflac. However, after selling through the banks for over last several years, we’ve already cycled through the first major pass, it selling products to a large portion of the bank customers particularly our higher premium WAYS product. Second, you’ll recall, we expected that the consumers interest in WAYS would decline in the fourth quarter as we lower the rate for the discount advanced premium from 1% to 0.5% in October. We believe the impact from the lower DAP which was essentially a premium increase was much larger than we originally anticipated. Third, over the last several months, we’re seeing some insurance companies and financial institutions are being more investment type products that compete with WAYS. We believe competition amongst various companies selling investment type products will not only continue, but we’ll actually intensifies we get closer to April 1, and the repricing of these type of products will be implemented. We anticipate repricing will suppress sales, however, it’s important to note that the pricing revisions will benefit us overall from a profitability standpoint. When thanking of repricing for our first sector products like WAYS, our objective is to balance profitability and competitiveness. Our profitability will be enhanced by higher premiums we will be charging. However, to remain competitive, we just announced that we will rise the DAP from the current 0.5% back up to the 1% effective April 1. After reprising the DAP change, we estimate the profitability of our WAYS product will range between 15% and 20%, which is an acceptable margin to us. We know the Aflac brand is strong throughout Japan and this enhances the appeal of our products, in particular our third sector cancer and medical had been and will continue to be our pillar products in the foundation of the product portfolio. In 2012, we maintained our position as the number one seller of third sector medical and cancer products in Japan. This number one status confirms the popularity of these products and also helps drive sales because consumers want to buy from the leading [flatter]. Let me be clear, remaining the number one seller of cancer and medical sales in Japan, is a top priority for me. We mentioned in May at the Analyst Briefing that we are currently underpenetrated with the consumers who are in their 20s to 40s, that’s the segment where we are going to focus our efforts on to increase sales of the third sector products. As you may know, banks have relationships with multiple insurance providers. This combined with the changes in the competitive product landscape make it more challenging than ever to accurately project future Aflac Japan sales through the banks. Clearly, bank channel sales will be challenging following fast rate quarters of record-breaking sales results. Keep in mind, we won’t gain insight into the bank strategies or 2013 product offerings until closer to the start of Japan’s fiscal year which is April 1. Hopefully, by that time, we release first quarter results we’ll be able to provide you with an update of what we’ve learned about bank plan to sell our products. On the other hand, we continue to have good visibility into the sales of our third sector cancer and medical products. Our traditional channels has historically been the primary driver of third sector sales. For 2013, we expect Aflac Japan sales of third sector cancer and medical products to be flat to up 5%. Achieving this target is a top priority for me and our management in Japan and it affects Aflac Japan’s bonus, as well as those in the corporate management. Now, let me turn to the U.S. operation. From a financial perspective, Aflac U.S. performed very well in 2012. I think we’ve done a good job in managing our U.S. operations, including budgets, people resources. Although new sales growth continued to be constraining our top line results had been consistently strong throughout the year, in part, reflecting an improved persistency. Aflac U.S. new annualized premium sales were in line with our most recent guidance flat for the year. We believe persistency has improved for a couple of reasons. First, we’ve enhanced our customer experience at critical touch points, which has resulted in better payroll retention. And second, with the economic uncertainty, we’ve seen over the last several years, many employees are less likely to switch [stops] and therefore are more likely to keep their current benefits. While there are external factors we can’t control, we are driven to improve the factors we can influence. First, we continue to improve the structure of our marketing and sales area to maximize our future growth and focus on our distribution channels. Within this new structure, we are working on new training initiatives, we believe will benefit our sales force and help them be more productive in the evolving environment. Second, with the brand recognition of 94%, we continue to leverage the strength to capture the attention of consumers with the ultimate goal of driving sales. We want to continue to educate consumers on our products while at the same time entertaining them. Third, we evaluate and enhance our products to ensure we are in staff with the needs of consumers, particularly on the economic landscape. In 2013, we are planning aggressive new individual and group product launches. With our strong brand recognition and reputation for paying clients quickly and fairly, we believe consumers are more receptive to our products and this can only benefit us in the future. Additionally, we will continue to evaluate other opportunities as it relates to the change in the current healthcare environment, specifically the Affordable Care Act. We do expect the changing healthcare environment to have an impact on how people choose to purchase insurance going forward. As such we are looking at ways that we can effectively operate within the environment of state and federal healthcare delivery system. One thing we note from our nearly four decades in Japan is that, even with the national healthcare system, consumers have significant out-of-pocket expenses and our products continue to be relevant to consumers. We believe the national healthcare actually present that life with opportunities as consumers become better aware of the financial protection at life’s products. However, there are still external factors in the microenvironment that affect our business, while some aspects of the U.S. economy has shown slight signs of improvement in 2012, we can continue to see the economic landscape and the U.S. is challenging, that’s especially true for small business segment, where more than 90% of our products are sold. In fact, the National Federal of Independent Businesses which focuses on small business owners reported this month that the small business optimism index in December was the second lowest since March of 2010. This means more small employers are still very guarded with respect to their business outlook, including their hiring plans. This is important, because gains or losses in employment impact our universe of potential policyholders. Before we can say we are optimistic about our sales opportunities, we need to seek sustained optimism particularly surrounding the employment level to smaller businesses. Taking all that into account for 2013, we expect Aflac U.S. sales through the traditional and broker channel to be flat to up 5%. I’ll point out that for the first quarter we won’t be surprised if sales down considering the first quarter of 2012 was our biggest percentage increase for the year. Having discussed our operations let me give you an update on the investment function. I remain pleased with continued progress in our global investment transformation. We continue to grow our investment team and we’ve made excellent progress in the build out that’s ultimately designed to improve the risk adjustment returns and the profile of our balance sheet. As we’ve stated for many years, our greatest investment challenge has been to invest Aflac Japan significant cash flows at reasonable investment yields. The U.S. corporate bond program was initiated in the third quarter continues to be an effective means for enhancing our new money yields in Japan. You’ll recall that our fourth quarter objective was to invest roughly two-thirds of our invested cash flow in U.S. dollar denominated publicly traded corporate bonds and then hedged the currency risk. This successful investment program enabled us to surpass our budgeted new money yield for 2012. It’s also provided greater liquidity, enhanced flexibility of our portfolio, and increased the opportunities to diversify beyond JGBs. At December 31, this program represented 6.2% of the total portfolio, which is well below our asset allocation target. In light of the success of the bond program with strong credit fundamentals of investment grade corporate credits, we intend to continue the program in 2013. Consistent with our asset allocation program, we will valid these investments with JGBs for diversification and liquidity as well as other investment opportunities as it may arise. As I mentioned, Aflac consolidated financial performance was strong for the quarter and for the year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, operating earnings per diluted share rose 4.8% for the quarter and 5.1% for the year. As the program progressed, operating earnings per diluted share were better-than-expected and we finish the year towards a high-end of the objective of the 3% to 6% increase before the impact of currency. I’m also very pleased with the strength of the capital ratios, which demonstrates our commitment to maintaining financial strength and flexibility on behalf of the policyholders to shareholders and bondholders through strong surplus growth and improved portfolio risk profile and a weaker yen, our capital ratios improved significantly in 2012. We previously conveyed that our goal in 2012 with an RBC in the range of 400 to 500. While we have not yet completed our statutory financial statements, we believe the RBC ratio at the year-end was significantly higher than our targets. Additionally, we expect that Aflac Japan’s solvency margin at the end improved over the solvency margin ratio at September 30 for 628%. That would put the year-end SMR well above our target range of 500% to 600%. As we have indicated, given our capital structure, our ability to repurchase shares is largely tied to profit repatriation. Contemplating profit repatriation, our first consideration is protection of the policyholders as measured by the SMR. Next, we give consideration to the needs of the parent company and consult with Japan’s management in making the determination. We now expect profit repatriation to be around ¥50 billion for 2013, which is a reasonable estimate assuming that we have no additional investment losses that would reduce Aflac Japan’s operating income. Profit repatriation in 2013 could provide us with the significant amount of capital that could be deployed for share repurchase. As we’ve said for many years, when it comes to deploying capital for the benefit of our shareholders, we still believe that growing the cash dividend and repurchasing our shares are the most attractive means and that is something that we will continue to pursue. Our capital strength enables us to increase cash dividend to the shareholders in the fourth quarter for the 30 consecutive year. Our objective is to grow the dividend and a rate that is in line with our earnings per share growth before the impact of the yen. Given the strength of our capital ratios and the parent company liquidity, we resume our share repurchase activities by buying approximately a $100 million for the shares in the fourth quarter of 2012. At our current plan to purchase 400 million to 600 million of our shares in 2013, understand unless there is extraordinary then occurs, we intend to purchase at least $400 million of our shares. Remember, we are driving the company for increased profitability, not sales. Sales are important in that, our management is bonused on them, but there is still just one component of earnings. Let me also say that we haven’t missed an earnings target because of lower sales nor do we expect that to happen. This year the other components that need into the profitability include persistency, investment income, claims management and expense controls. It’s often difficult to foresee the specifics of how these factors ultimately produce our earnings. Sometimes one aspect of the business might be a little stronger, and one might prove to be a little more challenging, but we anticipate these type of things in the budgeting process. Ultimately, the accomplishments of the fundamental facets of our business align and create another year in which we deliver on our financial growth objectives. I want to reiterate that objectives for 2013 have not changed. The increased operating earnings per diluted share 4% to 7%, this range reflects the impact of the portfolio of derisking and investing significant cash flows at low interest rates. I would also point out that we had a better year in 2012 than expected in large part due to the receipts of the deferred coupon in the first quarter and lower annual effective tax rate. This will make it a more challenging comparison to 2013, but we will achieve it. In addition to operating earnings growth, we’ve also focused on producing industry leading return on equity. On an operating basis, 2012 ROE was 24.6% and as we conveyed at our financial analyst briefing for 2013, we believe that it’s reasonable to see our operating ROE in the range of 22% to 26%. Overall, I am pleased with Aflac’s position in Japan and the U.S., the two largest insurance markets in the world. First and foremost, we are focused on protecting our policyholders in providing value to our investors. We are fortunate within the process of doing so; we have the privilege of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people worldwide. Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. Let me go through some fourth quarter numbers starting with Aflac Japan. Beginning with top line, in the interim revenues were up 10.5% for the quarter, investment income was up 5.2%. Excluding the effect of the weaker yen in the quarter on Aflac Japan’s dollar denominated investment income, net investment income rose 3.6%. The persistency rate improved in the quarter and the annualized rate excluding annuities for the year was 94.9% compared with 94.4% a year ago. In terms of quarterly operating ratio, the benefit ratio, the total premium increased over last year going from 72.9% a year go to 74.5% in this quarter. This is primarily due to the growth of the net benefit reserves for our ordinary line of business most notably our WAYS product. The expense ratio was 18.4%, down from 19.1% in the fourth quarter of 2011. The decrease reflected tight general expense control as well as lower commission cost associated with the sales of our first sector products, primarily the WAYS again. Pretax profit margin declined during the quarter going from 18.8% to 17.7%, with the contraction of the margin pretax earnings increased 4.1% in yen terms. Now, let me turn to Aflac U.S., total revenues rose 5.8% for the quarter, the annualized persistency rate for the year improved from 76.2% a year ago to 77.1%, and looking at the operating ratios for the quarter as the benefit ratio to total premium declined slightly from 57.7% a year ago to 57.4% in the quarter. The operating expense ratio increased slightly going from 34.2% a year ago to 34.6%. The profit margin for the quarter was unchanged from a year ago at 14.6%. Pretax operating earnings increased 5.9% for the quarter. Turning to the investment activity for the quarter starting with Aflac Japan for the quarter approximately $3.1 billion of Aflac Japan’s new cash flow was invested in the corporate bond program for the growth yield of 3.22% at an annualized hedge cost 41 bips, the yield net of hedge cost was 2.81%. Additionally, we invested $1.4 billion from the proceeds generated as the result of the booking activity. This brings the total cash flow invested in the corporate bond program for the year to approximately $7 billion with a total yield on the corporate bond program of 3.3%. Approximately, 35% of our new cash flow was invested in JGBs in the fourth quarter for an average yield of 1.77%. In Japan, the total new money yields for the quarter was 2.73%, down three basis points from September 30, and up 65 basis points from a year ago. The portfolio yield was 2.87% at the end of December or 3 basis points from end of September and 42 basis points lower than year ago. JGC yield saw some increase towards the end of December, as December the 31 full year JGB yield were 1.75%, 11 basis points increase from September 30. Ten-year JGB yield as of December 31 were 0.79%, a one dip increase from September 30. In terms of U.S. investments to new money yield for the quarter was 3.52%, a decline of 42 basis points from September 30 and 183 points from a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of December was 6.35%, down 16 basis points from September 30 and 37 basis points from a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter, non-insurance interest expense in the quarter was $50 million compared with $42 million a year ago. The higher interest expense primarily reflected increased borrowing during the year compared to a year ago. Total company pre-tax operating margins declined reflecting the increase of the benefit ratio in Japan caused by strong sales of ordinary line of business. Parent company and other expenses decreased from $20 million a year ago to $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. On operating basis, the tax rate is 34.1% compared with 34.6% a year ago. Consistent with what we said last quarter, going forward, we expect the effective tax rate throughout 2013 to be between 34% and 34.5%, excluding tax benefits recognized in 2012 and assuming FSA earned premiums on year-over-year, which is in line with Dan’s comments earlier. As Dan mentioned, we’ve taken several actions during the year to utilize capital loss that will expire in 2013 and only significantly reduce the losses that are scheduled to expire in 2014. We expect to continue the actions we have initiated to utilize the remaining capital loss carryforwards in managing our investment portfolio. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 2.1% to $1.48 in the quarter, which again decreased operating earnings by $0.04 per diluted share, excluding the yen impact operating earnings per share increased 4.8% for the quarter. Lastly, let me comment on the earnings outlook for 2013. As you’ve heard Dan say, we’ve affirmed our guidance for 2013 of 4% to 7% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen. To understand the significant our 2013 EPS objective over 2012 actual results winning to this perspective for you. In 2012, we received tax benefit from our tax exempt for the years 2008 and 2009, and we’ve made a revision for the full year impact of tax effective tax rate. The unusual benefits received in 2012 totaled approximately $38 or $0.08 per share. We also recovered a previously written-off coupon as part of the sales transaction executed during the year that resulted in a one-time benefit to operating earnings of $23 million, or $0.05 per share. If you exclude the impact of these benefits from the 2012 operating earnings note, operating earnings per diluted share in sale would have been $6.47. This year we estimate that a ¥1 move on the average annual exchange rate will equal approximately $4.3 for diluted share. Considering the weakening of the yen in recent months, if we achieve our objective of 47% increase in operating earnings per diluted share for the year at yen averages 90% for the full year, we would expect operating EPS to be in the range of $6.37 to $6.57 per diluted share. Now, we’re ready to take your questions. To be fair to everybody, please remember to limit yourselves to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to the initial question. Now, we’ll be happy to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you. Good morning, everyone. So we see Japan benefit ratio, clearly quite a large increase this quarter on a sequential basis. But at least historically, fourth quarter – did we have some reserve recalibrations? I’m hoping to get some color on how much reserve recalibrations impacted the ratio this quarter and with around back of the trends we’ve seen emerge whether we should be expecting a somewhat higher benefit ratio in 2013 than your previous year guidance back in Investor day? Thanks.
Kriss Cloninger III: Hey Nigel, it’s Kriss Cloninger, bit of a scratchy voice this time. But you’re correct that the fourth quarter benefit ratio was higher than those we experienced in the first three quarters partly because of (inaudible) reserve recalibrations. And we typically do in conjunction with reviews of primarily closed lots of business in Japan and U.S., where we look at the reserve balances that we forecasted. Relative to the interest rates you used in valuing those blocks in the prior year, our SOX procedure is required that we do this and the fourth quarter is kind of a routine thing. And this year we increased the benefit reserves on a Japanese block of business that we call Dementia. You’ve probably heard of it before. It’s similar to long-term care in the U.S. and that was approximately ¥3 billion reserve increase in the fourth quarter. I believe we had a similar adjustment in the fourth quarter of the prior year. And actually the fourth quarter of the prior year was up even more than the first three quarters. But that doesn’t indicate that that’s going to have a trend going forward, Nigel. The ratios excluding that reserve adjustment were right in the middle of the trends I’ve shown at the FAB meeting last May, or work out what the expected benefit expense ratios and profit margins were for the core health and other block and the ordinary block separately and then I aggregated on the total. And all of our ratios fell within those ranges that I guided to last May, and I believe that those ranges will continue to prevail throughout 2013. As I indicated last May, there are two year weighted-average ratio expected for 2012 and 2013, and so we’re still in good shape in that regard. As a matter of fact, our 2012 experienced profit margin came in right in the middle of the range 19.5%. Benefit ratio was a little bit higher. Expense ratio was a little bit lower. In the aggregate, because we produced more WAYS than we produced health benefits and so that affected the weighted-average. The final thing I’ll say is that I do caveat things last May saying okay, these are ratios that will prevail over the course of the two year period, but you’re going to see some seasonal fluctuations and I was thinking primarily of the fourth quarter adjustments that we made that you saw and pointed out. So I’ll conclude just by saying I believe everything is in line with what we had expected.
Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley: Very helpful. Thanks, Kriss.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. I had question on capital repatriation, just wondering how you think about or actually capital deployment? How do you think about the pick-up in RBC and the solvency margin given the weaker yen? Would you be willing to deploy the extra points for buybacks or something else or is that unlikely given that the currency can move around. And then related to that just maybe Dan if you could comment on or Kriss just the pace of buybacks expected for 2013, should it be more front-end loaded or would you do it either later through the year?
Kenneth S. Janke Jr.: Jimmy, this is Ken. Let me start out with the RBC SMR question. Clearly, we are benefitting from a weaker yen. ¥1 move probably adds about 3 to 4 points in the SMR, about 4, 5 points on the RBC. But what we’ll do is, we’ll have to evaluate it as we get a little bit closer especially with respect to repatriation. We’ve always discussed our RBC and SMR in terms of the yen sensitivity, so we do want to make sure that we provide for some kind of buffer if we see a reversal in the yen weakening, because strengthening the yen would penalize a little bit.
Daniel P. Amos: What was the other question I’ve got?
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: just the pace of buybacks?
Daniel P. Amos: I think, if there is an opportunity in the first quarter we’ll take advantage of it a little bit more so than we would in the second half, because it just ensures earnings growth and it benefits us.
Kenneth S. Janke Jr.: And I add to that Jimmy, we do have pretty good liquidity at the parent company. Our operating cash balance was about $770 million at the end of 2012. And clearly buying earlier in the year has a greater benefit to EPS for the year.
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: And you mentioned the $400 million at a minimum on buybacks, but the top end of your range is $600 million. How likely is $600 million given that, if you look at current exchange rates, your repatriation amounts actually implies some $500 million at current exchange rate?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, we have no problem with that additional capital at the corporate level if we need it to being able to do that. So, we are going to take it as it evolves, but I think the way you should do this is that, 400 million where we’re trying to, unless some cataclysmic event guarantee and we like to do more than that, and we’ll watch it as the year goes on and make a decision accordingly.
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Berg, RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. I apologize for the background noise. I’ll go on mute if necessary after asking my question. So you have your discounted advance premium and with a greater boom to sales, but then it sort of profitability, so you took it away. But that hurt sales terribly, so now you are bringing it back. Two questions, one, where does it leave you from a profitability point of view? In other words, you did you do this and where does this lead, why was this great decision to take it away and then bring it back. And don’t you on the risk of confusing customers and distributors by well flip flopping right a bit? Thank you.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, it’s actually not so much flip flopping, because we are only putting it in effect when the rate increase goes into effect. So in essence, we didn’t want to double rate increase to them. So what we’ve done is we put the rate increase in effect although the DAP going from 1 to 0.5 and then we are bringing it back because we’ve got another rate increase on top of that, and Kriss can talk about that, but the actual rate increase was more appropriate last year at this time with the declining interest rate and an increasing interest rate that we’re moving into right now. Kriss?
Kriss Cloninger III: Well, I just say Eric as we saw declining interest rates throughout 2012, we felt like we will be in pressure to own profitability from the MEMS popularity of the 1% DAP rate and the significant impact on production of WAYS. I mean we were getting extraordinary volumes and WAYS production and we felt like may be we were selling dollar bills for $0.50 kind of thing. So we felt like in order to project the margins going forward, we needed to diminish some of the perhaps above average appeal for the WAYS product by cutting the DAP rate to the level that most other companies were crediting, which was in the neighborhood of 0.5%. So we implemented that in October. We did several other things during the same period of time when interest rates were declining during 2012. We with some production caps on child endowment and we revisit the five WAYS and things like that. So we were trying to protect the profitability that the analyst community and we were concerned about. And so we try to protect our core profitability when we made those changes. Now, from April 1, we are going to reprise products given the change in the standard valuation interest rate down to 1% premium rates and the WAYS products are going to go up 15% to 20%, the margins are going to go up towards 20% as a percent of premium and we felt like we needed to restore some of the market appeal of the discount advanced premium rate, so we decided we could easily afford to change it back from 0.5% to 1% in order to better foster us competitively in the industry. So it’s not a flip-flop, it’s a reaction to changes and market conditions is how I will characterize it.
Daniel P. Amos: Let me say this Eric, we knew when we introduced cutting the DAP that this was a possibility we might do in April. So we told the bank that was always a possibility that it could happen.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: So here then is my follow-up. Let’s not call a foot path, that’s too harsh a word, it is what it is, you make one decision and as you’ve changed of course. By taking the tax as you have, I get some interest, it sounds like you will not be as well off from a profitability point of view, or March in point of view as would have been the case if you kept this DAP in place. But net-net where will all these actions leave you once you have and the outline is total dollar profit, not margins, right. It’s about total dollar profits and up-sell, not up margins but total dollar profit. So net-net, when you have the price increase in April, but you restore the full DAP, where will that leave you relative to what would have been the case if you were kept the DAP in place? Thank you.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, you are exactly right, Eric. It’s a question of the trade-off and volume versus margin. And that’s what I said when we went into WAYS in the first place relative to the third sector of health. We are going to ride a higher volume of products with a lower margin. We finally decided, okay, the margins got too low given the interest rate environment. So we took the repricing action of lowering the DAP in order to restore some margin. When we do that we knew we were going to loose some volume that which we did here in the fourth quarter. So that’s – but if you say the impact of total profitability, you can get as much profit with a lower volume of higher margin products and you end with a higher volume of lower margin products. That come April 1, we’re being forced by market changes to increase the base policy premium rates on the WAYS. But in order to stay competitive, we believe it is necessary to go ahead and increase the DAP rate, so that we don’t lose so much volume associated with being uncompetitive that we don’t achieve the margin. So you are right, if we maintain DAP at 0.5%, our margin would have been higher, but it would have been closer to 25% then say the high-teens to 20% that we expect after we rise the DAP back to 1%. And we think that, that will pass us in the market to be competitive, and will achieve a higher volume of production at a reasonable margin and enhance the overall profitability of company.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, I want to say one thing, this is not uncommon in the life insurance area when you are dealing with these type of issues. We knew it going in, we knew that when we decreased the DAP, we could raise it back, because of the other depending on what was happening. If we had been an environment where between October and now, we saw interest rates going down, we certainly would have kept it enforce. But it gives us flexibility to monitor and adjust, but there is nothing that our competitors are not doing too, and we are totally aware of it. Now from your standpoint, its new – in the third sector products we never had these issues. But we are very aware of it, we are on top of it, and we understand what we’re doing.
Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you for your very complete answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Giovanni, Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. I guess first question around the independent agency count in Japan, which showed a significant decline quarter-over-quarter and now down to I think levels seen in 2008. So just want to be curious, what’s going on there, is that really what you are kind of playing for and focusing on with the focus now on cancer and typical third sector product sales?
Daniel P. Amos: Tohru, you want to answer that?
Tohru Tonoike: Yes, thank you. Yes, let me say that the decline in the number of the recruits of the individual agents is something we intended to do, because we found that, in the past couple of years we found that recruiting too many agents and training them are not effective – efficient enough for us to do it. So instead we decided to shift some of our resources used for that purpose to other more productive areas including the bank channel development.
 : So we believe that decline was made up or more than made up by the growth in other areas to which we shifted our resources. If don’t tell how much will be increased by them. But we are confident that was – we did it on purpose and we are confident that we did the things right.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just my follow-up question, you obviously talked about rising the DAP now. You didn’t make a number of other changes to kind of restrict some sales in the bank channel. So curious if, now that Eric’s getting better new money ratio over there if you guys would consider loosening up any of those other changes as well if sales don’t come true?
Daniel P. Amos: We have loosened up the restrictions on the Charles Dalmon. We have put some production limits, employees that we’ve loosened up. We’re not changing the 5-pay WAYS decision. We feel like that was a good decision to put the emphasis more on the 10-pay WAYS. It has 10 years of inter-charge, so we’re not changing that, but we are staying with the whole life WAYS and making changes to the discounted advanced premium rate and of course, premium levels or WAYS in general. We’re also looking at sales incentives to certain banks and to address competitive situation for other companies that come in and given incentives and the like. So, the market response to competitive conditions is multifaceted should I say and we’re trying to stay on top of it all, because we have relationships with virtually all the banks in Japan. So we get feedbacks (inaudible) and we’re continuing to emphasis staying competitive.
Daniel P. Amos: But I think the message that I would give you is that the foundation that it build out life Japan which is cancer. And now medical is what we are concentrating on, because it was a somewhat of an anomaly the way it happened with the banks and our ability to write that first sector product specifically WAYS. We took it, because it was there and it was a great profit for us. But we’re now shifting money and resources back to the traditional channel, which where is we believe is, we want to stay number one in both medical and cancer. And that’s what we plan on doing going forward and that’s where the bonuses are tied and now we just get back to hit. But it was a strategic decision we’ve made at that time. We told you that we didn’t know how long it would last. We now see it coming more to an end and we see us concentrating on bank and the profit margins we discussed in the past and going back to doing that on the third sector.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Binner, FBR.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Great, thanks. Just want to pick up on the repatriation conversation from a different angle. I think Jimmy was asking about how the currency impacts, but I was more curious to kind of understand what the methodology was that led to these impairments this quarter on Tunisia and UniCredit. And just to clarify if those were impaired or sold, I guess what I’m trying to get to is to understand if there is other bonds that are still kind of in low mark-to-market positions if those could be at risk in the next couple of quarters and if that would work against potential repatriation.
Daniel P. Amos: Let me start by reminding everybody that the strategy throughout 2012 particularly after the first quarter when we did a very specific derisking program was to look at our portfolio throughout the year and be opportunistic with respect to when good opportunities presented themselves to improve the quality of the balance sheet that we would do that, but only do that but it represented good value for our policy and shareholders. We did not sell anything in a panic throughout the year. We’re very careful and we had a very successful year altogether reducing about $4.6 billion of multiple positions throughout Europe and the financial and we do not have a specific derisking strategy going forward. Having said that, we will always look for opportunities to improve the risk return profile this balance sheet for the long-term, and if we see something of value then of course we’ll take advantage of that. With respect to your two specific questions, with respect to UniCredit that’s a good example. That’s an example of a credit, it could have been comfortable holding but amongst our holdings we felt there were some respect to UniCredit itself and it’s not going to affect our particular holdings. I can tell you early in 2012, we saw values for those particular assets that did not represent good value for our shareholders or policyholders and we said thanks, but no thanks. In an improved market as we’ve had, we saw particularly good value and in fact that (inaudible) is associated with the sale of those securities. To measure on the other hand, it’s slightly different in terms of the risk that we see. As you may know in December I got downgraded by one of the agencies and in our view, the risk with Tunisia is more geopolitical risk as opposed to credit risk, but nevertheless because of the situation in the Middle East, the risk will cognizant enough. With those things in mind, we did decide to take an impairment reflecting our current views on Tunisia, which we thought that was the conservative thing to do. On a forward-looking basis, there is no specific derisking program. But of course, we will always look at our holdings, we will react to credit ratings, we will react to market conditions and take appropriate actions when we feel necessary. I think as you look over the next 12 months, Europe is still of course a concern, prior authorizations in Europe have decreased. As you look at that as a percentage of portfolio, it’s down from about a year ago 30% to 20%. And I have said as that bucket of assets continue to decrease, the quality of what we hold in Europe is actually increasing vis-à-vis the total bucket of what we had in Europe. I don’t expect Europe to become volatile as it did during 2011 and 2012, but you can’t rule that out. So assuming anything from a stable environment, we won’t expect much activity or impact to our holdings. Of course, Europe should become more volatile that would create for our holdings perhaps some rating pressures, but again the size of our assets in Europe, the financials have all been reduced substantially. So it’s much lower risk than we faced when I arrived a little over a year ago.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you for that. Those were very comprehensive. One quick follow-up just kind of from me – there is a little bit of overlap or timing issues with FSA year and then the way we look at the company. But just to clarify the risk to the repatriation would be whatever credit losses could happen in the first and second quarter of 2013. Is that correct?
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: This is Ken, Randy. Yeah, that’s correct. It’s really until we file our FSA financial statements, which is typically done at early mid-June.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Perfect, thanks.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: All the losses that we incurred through the fourth quarter of 2012 are reflected in our current outlook for FSA results.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Good morning. I guess for Dan or Kriss, if you are not able to give us WAYS sales guidance for 2013, how confident are you for 2013 EPS guidance? And just asking that obviously, because WAYS were about 45% of your sales in Japan last year.
Daniel P. Amos: I’m extremely confident. I’ve never missed earnings guidance since I’ve been CEO on 23 years. Saying that, it’s harder now that it used to be, but in my mind I have a number for what I think bank sales will be. But I will remind you that last year I told you would be down 10% on this call and we were up 30%. So to make a projection when there was that most volatility last year just seeing some – it would not be a realistic number. So I just want to wait, so I get a little closer and see what’s going to happen. But with all the things we have and going on in terms of persistency, the controls we’ve had over the budget, the claims and how they track exactly where we said we would, the new money rate on an upward trajectory, all those things made me confident that we will achieve it. But again it’s a little harder because of different things.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Yeah, Tom, this is Ken, let me add one thing, because you’ve seen this story before. You recall in early 2000s, we had sales pressures in Japan following the liberalization of their market. We had sales pressures in the United States following our duck bubble and sales hit done so well for a period of a few years. In all of those times, we didn’t miss earnings and largely that’s because the vast majority of our revenues and earnings come from a renewable source. When you consider the persistency rates, about 90% of Japan’s premium income comes from renewals and investment income is largely from a renewal source. So we have a pretty good idea right now what about 80% to 85% of our revenues are going to look like for 2013, and with the stability of the and predictability of the benefit and expense ratios, that’s what gives us visibility into earnings. So the bottom line is we have more visibility into the income statement than we do right now for the sales to the bank channel.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: That’s helpful. And just my follow-up is the 15% to 20% acceptable margin, I just want to make sure I understand the parameters of that and Kriss, that’s 15% to 20% versus premium or is that total revenues?
Kriss Cloninger III: It’s like present value profits to present value premiums, it’s kind of an actuarial thing, but it’s really representative of the GAAP profit margin as a percent of well it be revenues.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: And when you say present value, is there – are we going to see any accounting disconnect from that in the first year or two that those products come on the books, meaning, is it lower in the initial years, or where we see that level of profitability emerge from a GAAP accounting standpoint kind of right out of the gate?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, for all of our business we’ve got several calls at a non-referable that we expensed in the first year. But other than those non-referable expenses, the margins tend to be level for each year of the product life as a percent of revenue.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Got it. So for a year or two that’s when you see emerge year one the same.
Daniel P. Amos: Right, right.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Daniel P. Amos: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Bass, Citigroup.
Eric Bass – Citigroup: Hi, good morning. Robin touched a little bit on the deferred tax assets, and I was just hoping if you could provide a little bit more color on what you are doing and kind of what the cash tax benefit is to the company? And then I guess related if there is any potential to accelerate some of the tax assets that are maturing in future years?
Kenneth S. Janke: So Eric, this is Ken. We entered into series of transactions last year without getting a great detail, but that allowed us to offset all of the tax base losses that we incurred for 2012, as well as to eliminate the carryforwards, all of the carryforwards to 2013, which amounted to $214 million. In a substantial portion about 60% of the tax loss carryforwards that expire in 2014, about 60%. So we feel like we’re in pretty good shape. We’re going to continue to explore transactions like economic sense to the company first and foremost then that would benefit our operations and hopefully we’ll be able to address those in the process.
Eric Bass – Citigroup: Okay. And just remind that’s kind of what the aggregate amount of future potential deferred tax assets you have remaining?
Kriss Cloninger III: We’ve got about $2 billion remaining, little less than $2 billion. The most significant portion of which is $1.3 billion of losses that were generated in 2011 that would expire in 2016.
Eric Bass – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Robin Y. Wilkey:  Thank you, Eric. And we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from John Nadel, Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Thank you. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but maybe I’ll follow-up a little bit on WAYS. In the second half of 2012, your new money investment rate in Japan was considerably above the 2.50% level where I think in the past you’ve indicated, you need that level of investment rate to be able to hit that 17% to 21% targeted margin on your prior WAYS design. So we ignore Kriss the impact of those non-deferrable costs that you mentioned in the response to Tom, would you say that your WAYS sales in the second half of 2012 were achieving those targeted margins?
Kriss Cloninger III: Yes, I believe they were John, particularly with the higher investment yield and the like combined with the reduction in the discounted advance premium rate. Actually, if we could continue say the 2.5% that investment yield on new money, I wish we didn’t have to change anything as far as discounted advance premium and gross premium rates, which we didn’t have to go through this re-pricing activity. We’ve got to go through on April 1. So margins were good in my mind, so we have no choice relative to re-pricing April 1, because if we don’t re-price there is going to be significant regulatory surplus associated with the higher reserves associated with the 1% standard valuation rate. I was comfortable with the fourth quarter margin given the higher net investment yield and that’s why we feel confident that we can restore discounted advance premium rate from April 1.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And then just a quick follow-up. So if we then, if we are thinking about that hitting that targeted margin with the 2.5% or better investment yield, new money investment yield, in your one with taking into account to non-deferrable cost, how much does that cut into that margin in year one. I mean I’m thinking about it this way, you had massive WAYS sales in 2011, they more than doubled in 2012, I mean is it possible that with those non-deferrable cost behind you at least on those two big years of sales that the margin jumps in 2013?
Kriss Cloninger III: Certainly well on that block of business that’s for sure.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And I mean order of magnitude, Kriss, can you give us a sense for how much those non-deferrable cost drag that margin in year one?
Kriss Cloninger III:  Yeah let me think for just a second. I would say they could train at 20% to 30% of premium. So, we might be looking at flat virtually zero to slightly negative margin. In the actual reported in the first 12 months of the businesses in effect, actually it pretty much a course of the issue at the time of issue, because when the business goes on the books, we first put up the deferred acquisition cost and that’s an offset to the expenses incurred. But the asset we established is not as high as the actual expenses that we incur particularly into the new DAC standard that we have to implement recently. So that’s a bit of a drain, but it happens all the time and so we got a mixed year of second year business coming in with a higher margin and new business going on the books with lower. But you are right, the big volume of WAYS we put on the books depress the margin in particularly the third and fourth quarter.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And I’m sorry if I could sneak one more follow-up on it, because I think it’s important. I mean it sort of comes back to the question around expectation for sales of this product in 2013 if the year one margin is zero to slightly negative, but the year two margin can be mid-teens or higher, then it seems pretty important to understand, or to have some expectation as to whether WAYS sales are going to be down, up, or flat in 2013 versus 2012?
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Yeah. Well, you are right. And then we will relieve some of that strain associated with non-deferrable acquisition cost and the new business will come on in a higher margin. That’s what I was trying to get to back in Eric Bird’s question. If you ride up higher volume and lower margin business, you achieve one level of profit. Then subsequently if you ride a lower volume and higher margin business, you can be similar and in total profitability, I think that’s what you are getting at is that, even though sales are going to be down, profits are going to be down nearly as much and may impact the up.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Well, I mean in fact it seems based on your answers around the non-deferrable cost for instance, if we have sales R&D down year-over-year in 2013, that profits has to be up or else equal…
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: If you get to Ken’s point about, 90% of the profits being associated with renewal business. So…
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Plus the lack of the non-deferrable costs?
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Yeah. For all the margin, you are correct.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: All right. Thank you very much.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thanks. All right. Thank you very much. If you want to call later on the office in to ask any follow-up questions, please do so. If not, we have everything out on our website and we appreciate you attending the conference call. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for attending. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Kenneth S. Janke - Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chairman of Disclosure Committee Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company Eric M. Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President of Global Investments Toru Tonoike - President of Aflac Japan and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan Paul S. Amos - Chief Operating Officer of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer of Aflac U S Operations, President of American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus, President of Aflec and Director
Analysts: Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President, Chief Global and Investment Officer; and Toru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan, is joining us today from Tokyo. Before we begin, let me remind you that some statements in the teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of the federal securities law. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now, I'll turn to program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter in our operations in Japan and the United States. I will then follow up with a few financial highlights for the quarter in the first 9 months, and then we will be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos: Thank you, Robin. And good morning, everyone. Let me begin with a review of AFLAC Japan, our largest earnings contributor. We were again pleased with AFLAC Japan's strong financial performance and phenomenal sales momentum that continued into the third quarter. Following 2 years of tremendous sales growth, new annualized premiums, sales rose 31.7% to JPY 55.7 billion in the third quarter. These results significantly surpassed our expectations again, and marked the fifth straight quarter of record sales production. For the first 9 months of the year, AFLAC Japan's total annualized premium sales in yen rose 43.4%. Record sales growth, combined with continued strong persistency, contributed to AFLAC Japan's double-digit increase in premium income for the third quarter. Premium income increased 10.7% to JPY 346 billion. Revenue growth was also strong in the quarter, rising 10% to JPY 404 billion. Pretax earnings were JPY 78 billion, down 1.4%; and for the 9 months, pretax earnings were JPY 238 billion, up 1.4%. The bank channel generated JPY 26.9 billion in sales, which represented an increase of 85.3% over the third quarter of 2011. The bank channel accounted for 48.6% of AFLAC Japan's total new sales in the quarter. From a product perspective, WAYS, our unique hybrid whole-life product, continued as our top seller in the third quarter, generating an increase of 108% over 2011, and accounted for 50% of the total third quarter sales. Our sales management team has done an excellent job ensuring the transition from 5-pay WAYS to 10-pay WAYS has gone smoothly through all distribution channels. Additionally, sales of 10-pay WAYS in the quarter was much stronger than we originally anticipated. Sales for the medical category was also strong, rising 11.7% in the third quarter and benefiting from July's introduction of the revised nonstandard medical product. Given the current low interest rate environment, we continue to employ strategies to enhance the profitability of our child endowments and WAYS products. In the third quarter, all distribution channels stopped selling 5-pay WAYS. Beginning this week, we lowered the interest rate credit from 0.5% -- from 1% to 0.5% for discounted advance premium or DAP. This credit essentially increases the total premium paid. The profitability of WAYS and child endowment will be enhanced in April of 2013 when we lower the assumed interest rate for new product pricing. Considering AFLAC Japan's very strong sales results for the 9 months, we think sales could be challenged for the remainder of the year. We anticipate the additional sales growth hurdles in the fourth quarter will come from consumers' response to the lower credit given for the DAP. And as a result, we expect sales to be in the range of flat to up 15% for the quarter. Taking all that into account, we now expect 2012 Aflac Japan sales to rise 30% to 35% year-over-year. But let me say that even before the fourth quarter began, my mind had already shifted to 2013, and the challenges we faced following 5 straight quarters of record-breaking sales results. I want to point out that the bank channel represents a larger portion of our business, so projecting future sales results becomes more challenging. Also, we won't gain insight into 2013 bank sales strategies until closer to the start of AFLAC -- of Japan's fiscal year, which starts April 1. Although marketing plans for Aflac Japan are being finalized for 2013, we already see some challenges on the horizon. We know that Aflac's brand is strong throughout Japan, and this enhances the appeal for our products. For the last 2 years, as all of you know, our sales has been spectacular due to the WAYS and child endowment products, particularly through banks. During that time, investment yields have been lower, thus putting pressure on the profitability of these products. As I've said earlier, we started implementing adjustments to improve profitability, including the reduction in DAP that went into effect early this week. More importantly, in 2013 with the rate increase going into effect on new policies due to lower assumed interest rates, I think you're likely to see sales slow down, but generate higher profitability, which would create higher profit margins for Aflac Japan going forward. Now let me turn to the U.S. operations. From a financial perspective, Aflac U.S. continued to perform very well this year. Although new sales growth has been constrained, our top line growth has been consistently strong through the year, and large part reflecting an improved persistency with each quarter. We believe there are a couple of reasons for this improvement. First, with the economic uncertainty over the last several years, workers have been reluctant to switch jobs and people are more likely to keep the benefits they currently have. Secondly, we've enhanced communication with the policyholders at important touch points, and we know this has resulted in better policy retention. I also think we've done a good job in managing the U.S. operation, including budgets and people resources. Our benefit and expense ratios are lower than a year ago, resulting in stronger pretax operating earnings. Aflac U.S. revenues grew 5.2% for the quarter and 5.2% for the first 9 months. Pretax earnings were up 21.5% for the quarter and 11.5% for the first 9 months. Premium income increased 5.2% for the quarter and 5.3% for the first 9 months. Aflac U.S. annualized premium sales declined 1.5% for the quarter; however, for the 9 months of the year, sales growth was positive with total new annualized premium sales rising 1.5%. We continue to see the economic landscape in the U.S. as challenging, especially for small business segment, where more than 90% of our products are sold. Although the most recent government data shows that unemployment rates improved slightly, small business continue to hold back on hiring. The National Federation of Independent Businesses, which focuses on small business owners, reported this month that fewer jobs were created in September than in the 2 previous months. Additionally, the percentage of small business owners, who plan to create new jobs in the future, is historically at weak level. We have continued to make structural changes to our marketing and sales area to maximize our future growth. While these changes have been more disruptive in the short term than we originally anticipated, we believe this will enhance our long-term results. With the election less than 2 weeks away, many business owners are reluctant to make changes in their benefit programs until there is greater clarity in the U.S. economy outlook. With the uncertainty in 9 months of results, I think it's likely that Aflac sales for 2012 will be roughly flat. Having updated you on our operations, let me give you some details related to our Global Investment division. For the last several years, our primary focus has been on investment risk management while investing our significant cash flows in assets of relatively higher quality and liquidity. As you know, we made considerable progress in proactively derisking our portfolio over the last 4 years to enhance the strength of our balance sheet. In the process, we've significantly reduced our exposure to perpetual securities, peripheral European sovereign debt and financials, especially in Europe. In fact, we reduced our exposure in these categories by $1.4 billion during the quarter, and $3.8 billion year-to-date, which further improved the overall quality of the portfolio. Impairments were relatively small in the quarter; however, the European market still represents an area of potential risk and we remain cautious. But I am convinced we are much better positioned to accommodate that volatility as a result of the derisking efforts. As we have stated for many years, our greatest investment challenge has been to invest Aflac's significant cash flows at reasonable investment yields. Our recently employed U.S. corporate bond program has been effective means of enhancing our new money yields in Japan. You'll recall that our initial objective was to invest JPY 200 billion, or about $2.5 billion, in U.S. dollar denominated, publicly-traded corporate bonds and unhedged currency risk. We completed that pilot program in the third quarter and are very pleased with the results it generated. In the third quarter, the new money yield on the corporate bond program was 3.6%. Aflac Japan's total new money yield for the quarter was 2.76%. These yields do not reflect hedging cost for the program, which was 41 basis points. Based on the success of this program and market conditions, we plan to invest 2/3 of Aflac Japan's fourth quarter cash flow. This successful investment program allows Aflac Japan to surpass our budget in new money yield for 2012 of 2.05%. It also enhances the profitability of our more interest-sensitive products and benefits next year's investment income growth. Finally, I'm pleased with the continued progress in the transformation of our Global Investment division. We continue to grow our investment team, build new infrastructure support, develop new investment strategies with the elements of our recently completed strategic asset allocation projects. We believe these efforts will improve the risk return profile for our balance sheet and further our objective as a world-class investment operation. Now, I'll turn to Aflac's consolidated financial performance. Operating earnings per diluted share were better than expected, rising 7.3% to $1.77 for the quarter. There was no impact from foreign currency in the third quarter. It's important to note that even without a lower effective tax rate, operating earnings per share would have been right in line with our objective and guidance. For the 9 months, operating earnings per diluted share rose 5% before the effect of the yen. Net earnings in the third quarter of 2012 included after-tax realized investment gains of $186 million or $0.39 per diluted share compared with after-tax losses of $34 million or $0.08 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2011. I am pleased the investment strategies we've implemented have improved the quality of investment portfolio and benefited the bottom line. I'm also pleased that our capital ratios remain strong, which demonstrates our commitment to maintaining financial strength and flexibility. Although we've not yet finalized our statutory financial statements, we estimate that the RBC ratio was between 575 and 600 at the end of September. We expect Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio remain at the high-end or above our 500 to 600 target. Given the strength of our capital ratios and our parent company's liquidity, we believe we can allocate up to $100 million toward the purchase of our shares in the fourth quarter. Purchasing shares later this quarter won't have much impact on 2012 earnings per share growth, but it will benefit us in 2013. I'll also stress that we've been prudent. In any decision we make, we'll certainly taking into account challenges within the macroeconomic environment, especially as it relates to Europe. As we have frequently discussed, profit repatriation went into primary source for funding share repurchase. You may remember from our second quarter call in the Tokyo Analyst Meeting that we expect profit repatriation to be around JPY 65 billion for 2013. We still believe that's a reasonable estimate assuming that we have no additional investment losses that would reduce Aflac Japan's operating income. Next year's profit repatriation could provide us with significant amount of capital that could be deployed with share repurchase. I was very pleased that the Board of Directors approved the 6.1% increase in the quarterly cash dividend effective with the fourth quarter payment. This marks the 30th consecutive year we've increased cash dividend to the shareholders. We continue to believe that we are well-positioned to achieve our stated earnings objectives of 3% to 6% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of foreign currency. In the second quarter, we have guided toward the low end of the range. However, reflecting the lower annual effective tax rate, we now expect operating earnings for 2012 to be better. If the yen average is JPY 80 to the $1 for the last 3 months of the year, we expect reported operating earnings for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $1.46 to $1.51 per diluted share. Under the same exchange rate assumptions, we expect the full year operating earnings to be $6.58 to $6.63 per diluted share, which would be roughly a 4% to 5% increase on a currency-neutral basis. We believe this is reasonable and achievable. Importantly, we continue to believe that 2013's operating earnings per share will increase 4% to 7% on a currency-neutral basis. In addition to operating earnings growth, we also focused on producing industry-leading return on equities. On an operating basis, the third quarter ROE was 25.2%. For 2012 and 2013, we continue to believe it's reasonable to see operating ROE in the area of 22% to 26%. We remain focused on our vision of being the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the United States and the #1 provider of supplemental insurance in Japan. In both segments, I am confident in our brand, the fundamental needs of our products, and more importantly, the success of Aflac. Overall, I believe we had the best quarter since 2008. Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. Now let me start with a few financial highlights. First with Japan. Beginning with the top line in yen terms, revenues were up 10.0% for the quarter, which is the first time we've had double-digit growth in revenues since 1997. Investment income was up 3.7%, and the persistency rate improved in the quarter. The annualized rate including annuities for the first 9 months of 2011 was 94.8% compared with 94.4% a year ago. In terms of operating ratios for the quarter, the benefit ratio to total premiums increased over last year as a result of the impact of first sector products, primarily the WAYS product. It was 73.1% in the quarter compared to 70.0% a year ago. The expense ratio for the quarter was 18.1%, down from 18.8% in the third quarter of 2011, reflecting the lower commission cost associated with strong sales of first-sector products, primarily WAYS. Reflecting the higher benefit ratio, the pretax profit margin decreased from 21.6% to 19.3% in the quarter. Pretax earnings decreased 1.4% in yen terms for the quarter. Now let me turn to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 5.2% for the quarter. The persistency rate continued to improve in the quarter. Annualized rate for the 9 months was a record 76.9%, up from 75.9% a year ago. In looking at the operating ratios for the quarter, the benefit ratio to total premiums decreased over the last year, going from 56.8% in the quarter, compared to 59.1% a year ago. The lower benefit ratio for the quarter is largely the result of lower paid and incurred claims experienced during the quarter. The operating expense ratio decreased slightly going from 31.5% a year ago to 31.2%. Benefiting from lower benefits and expense ratios, the profit margin expanded to 18.4% compared to 16.0% a year ago. As a result, pretax operating margins increased 21.5% for the quarter. Now, let me turn to investment activity for the quarter, starting with Aflac Japan. For the third quarter, approximately $2.5 billion of new cash flow was invested in the corporate bond program for a gross yield of 3.6%, and a hedge cost of 41 basis points. The yield, net of hedge cost, was 3.19%. For the quarter, total new money cash flow invested in Japan was $5.2 billion. The gross total new money yield for that cash flow was 2.76%. The yield for the total new money, net of hedging, was 2.56%. That gives you the hedging cost for the total portfolio of 20 basis points. The weighted average duration of the forward contracts executed this quarter is 5 months and range from 3 to 6 months. During the quarter, approximately 55% of the corporate bond purchases have a maturity of 8 to 10 years, and 45% have a maturity of 18 to 30 years. Approximately 44% of new cash flow was invested in JGBs in the quarter for an average yield of 1.72%. The portfolio yield at the end of the quarter was 2.8%, down 26 basis points from the end of June, and 58 basis points lower than a year ago. According to Bloomberg, 20-year JGBs during the quarter were 78 basis points, a 6-basis points decrease from June. Additionally, to enhance our investment income, this quarter we executed on a 6-month securities lending program, involving approximately $6.5 billion of assets from the Japan portfolio. All of these assets were JGBs. Now let me turn to U.S. investments. The new money yields for the quarter was 3.94%, a decline of 43 basis points from June 30, and 183 basis points from a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of September was 6.51%, down 8 basis points from the second quarter, and 21 basis points from a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. Noninsurance interest expense in the third quarter was $45 million compared to $44 million a year ago. Total company pretax operating margins decreased, reflecting the increase of the benefit ratio in Japan caused by the increased sales of the ordinary line of business. Parent company and other expenses increased only slightly from $14 million to $15 million in the third quarter. Also in this quarter, the company revised its estimate of the full year effective tax rate, resulting in an increase of operating earnings of $17.5 million or $0.04 per diluted share. The company also recognized a tax benefit of $29.5 million or $0.06 per share, primarily from a favorable outcome of a routine tax exam for the years 2008 and '09. The total impact of these items was $47 or $0.10 per diluted share. Going forward, we expect the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year and 2013 to be somewhere between the range of 34.0% to 34.5%, assuming FSA earned premium is flat year-over-year. The pretax margin went from 19.4% to 18.2%, and on an operating basis, the tax rate was 31.3% compared to 32.6% a year ago. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $2.16 compared to $1.57 in 2011. Lastly, let me comment on our earnings outlook for '12. As you heard, we raised our outlook for '12 to increase operating earnings per diluted share. If operating earnings per share increased between 3% and 6% in the fourth quarter and the yen average is 80% for the remainder of the year, we would expect operating EPS to be between $1.46 and $1.51. That compares with current first-call estimates of $1.53. This estimate reflects our plans to substantially increase IT expenses and expenditures related to marketing and advertising in the fourth quarter. Additionally, if you back out the $0.10 operating earnings benefited from the tax items during the quarter, reported operating earnings per diluted share were at $1.67, which would be right in line with our guidance, as Dan said. Using the same foreign currency as such and we would expect full year operating earnings to be somewhere in the range of $6.58 to $6.63 per diluted share. Now, we're going to be glad to take your questions. To be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one question, and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. We're ready to begin, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question is on capital. With the JPY 65 billion repatriation estimate, are you expecting to retain any of that capital in your U.S. sub or should all of that make its way to the parent? Also, you discussed an initiative to monetize some of the deferred tax assets in the U.S. that you may have invested out, [ph] can we also get an update as to where you stand on that initiative?
Kenneth S. Janke: Nigel, this is Ken. Right now, as we've mentioned, the JPY 65 billion, we still believe, is a reasonable estimate for next year's profit repatriation. We currently anticipate returning to our normal dividend policy for Aflac U.S. up to the parent company to support the quarterly cash dividend payment and other parent company obligations. In terms of funding the share repurchase activities that we've anticipate for 2013, I think the combination of, and our ability to further dividend upstream, plus the liquidity that we have on hand, would enable us to do that. We were sitting at approximately $950 million of cash at the parent company level at the end of September after dividend payments and $100 million of repatriations in the fourth quarter -- or excuse me, repurchase in the fourth quarter, will probably around $785 million of cash at the end of the year. As far as the DTAs go, we have generated gains this year. Unfortunately, the gains that we've generated have gone against the taxable losses that we've incurred as part of the derisking activities and selling assets at a loss. We're still looking at, actually, a couple strategies that we think will help address the DTA issue going forward, but we still have a little more work to do on those.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Schuman of KBW.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could update us on the current marginal profitability of WAYS, because you changed the rate on DAP. You've implemented the new money strategy. You discontinued 5-pay WAYS. There's several things going under that should enhance the marginal profitability, but I was wondering if you could give us a read there, please.
Daniel P. Amos: It definitely has. I'm going to get Kriss to cover that.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. Jeff, I'd kind of lead you back to what we reviewed at the Analyst Meeting in September in Tokyo, the information we laid out on the presentation at that time showed what the impact on profitability would be on the current core products, with current core pricing -- current core product pricing, if we were able to achieve an increase in, say, interest assumption on investment assets from, say, 2% to -- 2% to 2.25% or 2.5%. And those charts showed that at 2% interest new money, we'd have a profit margin on WAYS that range from 8 to 12. If we achieved an increase to 2.25%, then I think we'd expect that margin to go up to 13 to 17. And if we could get 2.5%, we'd go up to 17 to 21 expected profit as a percent of premium over the life of the contract. So with the new investment program, we've had some real positive impact on our ability to enhance new money yields. That being said, for the short term, some of that increase in new money yields is going to be offset. And I mentioned this in Tokyo again to try moderate the excitement a little bit, some of that increase in new money yields is going to fund the increase in investment expenses for personnel and infrastructure, et cetera, associated with the new investment team, and that'll dampen things for, say, 6 months to a year a bit. But it is a long-term improvement in profitability, and that will be important. Now, we did, October 22, decrease the credit and interest rate on the discounted advance premium from 1% to 0.5%. That basically gives us an extra 50 basis points on the funds held under that program. And the funds held under that program basically represent half the total premium ever collected on the contract, because we collect total premiums due during the contract on day 1. And just for example, on the 10-pay WAYS, we'd collect first full 10 premiums. We would apply the first premium to the policy the day we collected it. So on balance, we'd have 9 premiums on deposit for the next 9 years; on average, we'd have 4.5 premiums on deposit and an extra 50 basis points, which gives us roughly an extra 2.25% of premium profit over the life of that particular contract. So things are headed in the right direction is all I can tell you.
Daniel P. Amos: And then in April, we'll have the --
Kriss Cloninger: You'll have the potential repricing when the standard interest rates decline to 1%, and we'll definitely have repricing activity. At that time, we'll try to watch what competition is doing. We don't want to give ourselves a competitive disadvantage in the market. But I believe that clearly, the premium rate changes associated with the decline and the assumed valuation interest rate in Japan for reserves will tend to increase premium rates, and that will take effect on April 1, 2013.
Daniel P. Amos: And I want to make one comment about our sales force. I am so impressed with Aflac Japan's sales force to -- especially the bank channel, to adapt to these things. To say, "Nu-uh, we're not going to take profit margins at these ranges. We want higher profit margins. And we're stopping 5-pay WAYS. We're doing discount advance premiums. " And of course, the sidebar is, what a great job our investment team has come up with the higher interest rates. And then also in April, we're going to see these things. It has been a wonderful job, on Toru's part and that management team, for what they've done to adapt. Because this is a change. We never used to have to do it like this, and now we're going to vary to make sure we make our profits and do the things we need to do.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's all helpful and obviously, the new money re-piece [ph] is kind of a moving target, dynamically. But kind of all in at this point, it sounds like maybe current margins are more kind of mid-teens up from more like 10% earlier, is that just kind of a fair return [ph]?
Kriss Cloninger: They are [indiscernible].
Daniel P. Amos: They are there before the investment expenses, they're there now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMC.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I had a question on the Japan new money yield. Obviously, it picked up a decent amount. I think it was around 1.97 last quarter, 2.76 in Japan this quarter. Assuming a stable environment from here, what's your expectation for the new money yield? Obviously, you're still shifting your investment allocation and that should help, but credit spreads have come in as well over the past few months. So just, like either more specific, or just directionally, do you expect it to improve from here or decline a little bit?
Eric M. Kirsch: If the...
Daniel P. Amos: This is Eric.
Eric M. Kirsch: If the market stays stable in terms of current interest rates in the U.S. and Japan, spread levels around where they are, on an absolute basis, we would expect our yields to go up. Because as we disclosed, our plans right now, subject to market conditions, are to invest about 2/3 of fourth quarter cash flow in a similarly-structured corporate bond program hedged back to yen. So because the proportion of our new money would go to that program, based on current market conditions, the yield would go up versus last quarter whose, of course, yields had gone up from the prior quarter because we're investing 1/3 in that corporate program. So by and large, we would expect it to go up. Current forecast would be about, and this after a hedging cost of around 2 60 or so. But again, market rates can change, spreads change. So that's just a rough estimate based on what we know today.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Finkelstein of Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I want to talk about just the core kind of Cancer and medical sales in Japan. Sales were down about 3% to 4% year-over-year, flattish sequentially. You did have the product introduction of Gentle EVER, which usually does provide some form of a sales surge. And I guess I'm just curious about what is the outlook for sales in those products? And can you give some background or color on the competitive landscape?
Daniel P. Amos: Toru, do you want to take that? Do you want me to? How do you want to do this?
Toru Tonoike: Yes, I'll take that. Yes, you're right. The sales of the Cancer and the medical combined is -- has declined during the third quarter a little bit. But this is better than the second quarter, you may have noticed. The second quarter, it was down by 8.7%. Now, the third quarter was down by 3.6%. This increase is because of the good -- very good sales of the new Gentle EVER, which we introduced this quarter. So with that very strong sales of this new product, and also that we are planning to introduce some promotion majors in the coming fourth quarter to enhance the sales of the both Cancer and medical. So we are rather hopeful that we would see the better sales of these 2 products combined in the fourth quarter.
Daniel P. Amos: And Gentle EVER accounted for 30% of EVER sales in the quarter.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess my follow-up would be, you're expecting sales to be flat to 15% in Japan. Is there any color you can give specifically on kind of the Cancer medical component? And whether you expect that to be up, flattish -- what's the outlook?
Daniel P. Amos: Toru?
Toru Tonoike: Yes. I think I cannot give you the specific numbers as to the -- our expected sales of the Cancer and the medical combined. But we are trying to move that sales up to the flat, or hopefully, positive into the fourth quarter, but it depends on how successful our promotion will be.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes. I want to remind you that one thing that gives you a harder picture to follow is just remembering that WAYS is 9x more than the price of the medical product -- than the medical products, and even endowment is 3x more. So the number of policy sales look better. And remember that our Cancer product is 20% cheaper than it was because the changes we had in it. So actual policy sales look a little better than the premium sales numbers do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath of UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just had a question, I guess for Eric, on the new investment strategy. I think the way that you described it in Tokyo was -- I'll simplify, to a bit of a trade-off between greater liquidity versus a higher rollover risk in terms of the hedges. So I guess I'm just curious, given that you're investing so far, 10 years plus, are you worried about this rollover risk on these currency forwards that are much shorter in duration?
Eric M. Kirsch: The way I would phrase it is it's a matter of risk management and a matter of having a macro view of the economy, short-term interest rates. So it is something that we have to look at very carefully, and there are variety of different hedging strategies we can employ over time. So today, am I worried? No. I don't think -- I think there is very little risk from a macro perspective, that U.S. interest rates go up any time or that Japan short-term interest rates change. Over the long term, those dynamics will change, and we will adjust our hedging strategies appropriately. And as you recollect in Japan, we talked about over time using forwards, cross-currency swaps. We could use longer rolling forwards. I'd also keep in mind that when we employ these strategies, we stress test them against our capital ratios and take a number of factors into account. I'd also say over time, we may not always buy in corporate hedge, we may buy other asset classes that are yen-denominated, et cetera. So it is absolutely something that's important, but it's another risk factor amongst many, and you'll see our program continue to develop and become more sophisticated as the amount of assets we deploy, and it continued to grow.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then, I guess my follow-up is just in terms of the accounting for this, I think you're taking the mark-to-market of the hedge through net income, so presumably, we might see some more volatility in realized investment gains and losses. So I just want to make sure that that is an accurate statement. And then I guess related, how does this impact your statutory results in terms of cash flow testing? Again, you're getting this cash, it's in dollars, and you have -- you're hedging the yen. But when you do your cash flow testing, how are you sort of factoring in potential changes and cost of hedges and those sorts of things?
Kriss Cloninger: I'll start out with it. The accounting that we will be utilizing, consistent with GAAP, will take the change in the fair value of the hedges through net realized gains and losses. And the cost of the hedging will be reflected in that line item of the financial statement. That being said, that will be the accounting presentation. The economic evaluation of the profitability of the business, in my mind, will have to be a net of the anticipated cost and the actual cost of the hedging. So I don't want you to get confused to say, "Well, these guys aren't looking at the economics or looking at the accounting. " Because I'm not going to worry about geography when I'm evaluating economic profitability, and I'll just say that. Now, we'll have to reflect the potential implication of the hedging activities and our cash flow analysis that we use for both the actuarial evaluation of reserve adequacy on both U.S. statutory and on an FSA reporting basis. And that will involve using the same type of stochastic processes that we currently use in evaluating cash flows, cash flow adequacy and the like. So all that will be baked into the normal cash flow testing process we go through, effective this year end.
Kenneth S. Janke: Suneet, I'd add just a couple of things. This is Ken. First, I think one of the ways you can think about this, in the way that we're hedging using forwards as opposed to cross-currency swaps is that the system looks similar to the reversible currency securities, you'll recall, that we had purchased for many years, meaning that we're not hedging the coupon. We're collecting the coupons in dollars and we'll have the flexibility to either reinvest in dollars, or convert those coupons to yen and reinvest in yen. What we're really hedging is the balance sheet risk. So that the securities, the book value of those securities, their marked value don't fluctuate with currency changes. They'll fluctuate with credit changes, interest rate changes, but we're protecting it from currency changes. And the reason we're doing that is really because of the solvency margin ratio in Japan. And interestingly enough, the treatment of these securities, on an FSA basis, is actually favorable compared with buying straight yen-denominated, privately-issued securities that we used to buy.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Understood. I get the focus on the economics. But just based on what Kriss was saying about the cost of the hedges being below the line, I mean, aren't you effectively overstating your operating earnings if you're getting the benefit of the strategy through net investment income, but you're carrying the cost of the hedge below the line?
Kenneth S. Janke: Well again, we're not hedging the coupons. We are hedging the balance sheet, really, not the coupons. But again, to your point, and as we discussed when we think about value -- to the extent that these securities are going to support policy liabilities -- in particular, WAYS -- we think economically. And when we run our cash flow test internally, we're going to consider the cost of the hedge.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just say, we recognize what the GAAP reporting requirements are, but we are also recognizing the operating earnings as we define them are a non-GAAP financial measure. And we may have some internal discussions about what the most appropriate presentation of hedging cost in relation to operating earnings is. For the current year, we've chosen not to change anything. But we may have some internal discussions, and we'll let you know what our conclusions are.
Robin Y. Wilkey: And Suneet, as we talked last night, we are looking -- with next quarter, the amount was not very meaningful this quarter, but breaking out those different derivatives by line item also seems to be exactly what the number was.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'm curious for a little bit more detail, perhaps, on the securities lending program that you've initiated. I understand you guys mentioned this $6.5 billion program, and you're lending entirely JGBs. I was just wondering what you're buying with the cash collateral. Any duration mismatch you might be taking since it's such a short-term program, I think you mentioned 6 months, and what tick up in yield that's providing?
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes. The collateral is actually matched from a maturity standpoint. So it's very short duration, it's also back at JGBs. It's a very small pickup. My recollection is around maybe 10 basis points or so -- 30 or so? I'm sorry, 30 or so on the whole program. So this is an opportunity for us. As you know, we've got a lot of JGBs, and a good portion of those sit in ultra [ph] maturity. So when we have opportunities to enhance income, by not really taking on much more risk, that's just extra gravy, if you will, for us. So this was a good opportunity and we're able utilize of those HTM JGBs in this fashion.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So just a quick follow-up, I'm not sure if I followed. What are you buying with the proceeds, Eric?
Eric M. Kirsch: Basically, short-term JGBs, with the collateral.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then just -- I don't want to belabor the point too much on the currency hedging. Just a quick question as to how much capacity do you think is out there. How big can your U.S. corporates investing, swapping into yen, how big can that program get over time?
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. Well, let me take that from 2 ways. As you recollect -- and I went over this in Japan -- we did a strategic asset allocation program with Goldman Sachs. And from an asset allocation perspective, and this program looked over a 3-year rolling period. So for the next 3 years, we could see the U.S. corporate program being -- and this includes growth of our -- assumes growth of our balance sheet -- being up to about 20% or 25% of total assets. From the standpoint of capacity of the forwards markets, that's really not an issue. The currency forwards market is the most liquid, largest market, one of the largest markets in the world. So there's more than adequate capacity. Of course, we also have to manage our counterparty risk. And in that regard, as you may recollect, we've initiated this program with 3 Japan mega banks as counterparties, but we're expanding our use of iz-biz [ph] so we can expand the list of counterparties as the program grows. So if there would be any limit, it would just be the credit quality of our counterparties. But we don't see that as being a problem over the next 3 years as the program grows, as long as we continue to grow all list of counterparties.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then if I could just sneak one last one in and real quick. Any interest in allocating investment dollars into high-yield or below investment grade securities? I noticed the impact, the pickup in below-investment grade this quarter, but it seems like that was all downgrade-driven. Anything you can provide there?
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. A couple of things on that. That's correct. Anything that lead -- that shows up as an increase in date was because of downgrades. Again, tying back to the asset allocation strategy, high-yield would be an asset class; that is part of our asset allocation strategy. So that would be buying the true high-yield asset class as opposed to downgrades. In the short-term, we're not planning on allocating to that asset class. As you recollect, we're still building our team and capability. We anticipate having that capability mid-year next year, but then we'll still have to make the decision tactically. We'll look at spreads in that market, whether or not it's a good time to allocate money to high-yield. So over time, the answer is yes. When exactly we would do it? That will be based on market conditions. And one other thing, just to mention for clarity, going back to the hedging. The cost, right now, of our hedging, which, as Dan mentioned, it was 41 basis points. That is a very, very low cost, which has primarily been driven by the low U.S. interest rates and the low Japan interest rates. We don't expect that cost to stay that low forever. We know historically it's been higher, so we're in the low point in cost, but it also makes it attractive to use these types of forwards at the same time. So over time, these costs will increase from an investment perspective. We're always going to look at all of our investment alternatives and we'll look at them net of hedging cost versus JGBs, versus high-yield or other asset classes. So it'll be a dynamic position over time based on market conditions, but I think it's worth pointing out that those hedging costs most likely will increase versus decrease over time, given that they're all at all time lows.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Is it fair to say that in historical periods, when those hedging costs are higher, that new money yields are also higher?
Eric M. Kirsch: Not necessarily, because the hedging cost per forwards is based on short-term rate differentials. And we don't go out and buy short-term paper; we but longer-term paper, 10 to 30 years. So it really depends on the shape of the yield curve. So we could be in an environment where short-term rates in the U.S. go up; that would cause the cost of the hedges to go up, but the long end of yield curve may not go up. So there's not necessarily a correlation between those 2 things.
Daniel P. Amos: But I think it's reasonable to say that we've been looking at hedging cost being 1% versus 41%. And if it doesn't make sense at 1%, then we're not looking at it at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger of Dowling & Partners.
Ryan Krueger - Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC: I was curious, now that you've successfully completed the initial dollar-denominated program, have you given any further consideration to extending this to some of your existing, available for sale JGB holdings? Because it seems, Eric, that you're not all that concerned about the capacity for hedges. And correct me if I'm wrong, but if seems like if you were to do this, it would create a number of desired outcomes, which I think would include increasing returns on the existing portfolio, as well as creating some gains in Japan, that I would think would increase your profit repatriation potential. So I was just curious if you had some update or thoughts on that?
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. Over time, yes. We would consider all of our assets that are available for sale and say, is there a better opportunity for them, whether it's JGBs or something else. Of course, we have to consider liquidity and duration and capital ratios when we do that. Relative to gains, we did, as you already know, manage during the quarter, because when we're sitting on large gains in our FSA JGBs, we did realize some of those gains as we tried to proactively manage our gains and losses. Nevertheless, we reinvested it to JGBs, primarily because during the quarter, we had put a cap in the third quarter on how much we were going to put into the corporate bond program. So we were already targeted to be at that cap. As we look at the fourth quarter, we have a pretty good target for the amount of corporates, and that's a healthy target and a healthy dose of higher yields for the program. So we don't feel compelled right now that we need to make that swap. But that's available to us, depending on market conditions, which we could do at some point in time, and that'll be a relative value decision. But right now, we're pretty happy with the amount of money we're going to target in the fourth quarter, so we don't see a need to target even more.
Kriss Cloninger: I don't know if Eric would totally agree with this, but let me just throw it out. And that is, from my perspective, we wouldn't allocate 75% of the cash flow of any quarter to this corporate bond program on a long-term basis. And the way I look at it is, we're repositioning a part of the current portfolio as part of that 75%, and even though we're not liquidating it, but let's just say, new money-wise, we're putting 30% in to the new program, and another 45% we're converting to corporates as kind of in lieu doing gains and losses, et cetera, and putting it in there. So as we just build the blocks, in my mind, I kind of look at it like we are repositioning a part of the current portfolio away from JGBs, even though it's all new money.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes. No, I think that's an excellent point, because as you all know, prior to the initiation of this program, if I could put in these terms, we overallocated to JGBs because we didn't really have many alternatives based on our old investment strategy, since we had stopped buying private placements almost entirely. So in essence, we overallocated to JGBs at the beginning of the year, but now that we have the flexibility to do the corporate program, there's just the higher percentage going in there as a way to fine tune the overall allocations. To Kriss's point as well, as we continue to build out our capabilities -- again, go back to the Japan presentation -- I've put on the board different asset classes we will buy over time. So you should expect to see, and I think it will probably start to even out second part of next year, certainly into 2014, where we'll be buying some JGBs, some investment-grade corporates hedge, some emerging markets high-yield, including some alternatives on the Board. So you'll see it even out over time, but right now, you're seeing those adjustments be disproportionate, in essence, because of the high amount to JGBs earlier this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Something completely different, if Paul is still around. U.S., probably the guidance that Dan alluded to for the fourth quarter, which was just flat. Dan also referenced some disruption in distribution. I'm assuming that Dan is talking about what you're trying to do in the large group market. I was hoping maybe you could fill that out and tell us what's going on there?
Paul S. Amos: Sure. As Dan mentioned and as I've mentioned, my goal is to manage this business for the long-term, not just for the short term. So while 13 weeks of business is important, I'm really trying to manage our growth for not only 2012, but '13, '14 and beyond. So in this past summer, the disruption that Dan is talking about is the combination of our sales and marketing strategy departments all into one, bringing in external leadership to help run sales, and then making sure our field force understands exactly what we're trying to do. Less so, about any disruption from the broker market and what specifically is happening in the broker market. And in terms of sales, we have seen, as we've stepped in the fourth quarter enrollments, specifically with our smaller accounts, more of a decline in sentiment and purchasing than we originally expected. When we came out in a recent release, and even Kriss's comments, at the mini FAB in Tokyo, we commented that we thought we would be still within the range. The reason decline has to do with what we expect sales to be based on what we're seeing come out of our small-business enrollments that Dan directly highlighted between small-business sentiment, as well as what we believe is apprehension around the election, taxes and a multitude of other items by small business owners. As I've said all along, we continue to build on our broker strategy to be a hedge against the small business, any negative downturn in small business and our ability to write business in there. While that market continues to grow and grow well for us, we are seeing -- still seeing great success with our broker market and broker growth. At this point, the size of our field force in our core market, which continues to be our key focus, is so grossly proportionately larger than just any downturn in that small-business market -- especially in the fourth quarter -- will have a negative effect on our ability to produce sales increases. So overall, I'm very optimistic for the long-term. We're putting in an incredible training program beginning in January. I think we're doing all the right things, from a management standpoint, to make sure that long-term sales go well. But in the short-term, we are seeing the adverse effect of both the economy, as well as apprehension in the small-business market.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if I may, when we see fourth quarter results, while we're going to see small -- your basic business down, we will see large group up year-over-year?
Paul S. Amos: I'm not focusing it on group versus individual, I'm focusing in on broker versus our core field [ph] [indiscernible]
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, [indiscernible]. Corporate versus [indiscernible].
Paul S. Amos: And the reason I do that is, I'm platform-agnostic. Whether an account chooses group products or individual products makes no difference to me. But what I am trying to do is manage our distinct distribution channels. And one thing I do want to point out too is we've seen great success with our field force partnering with brokers actually help them enroll their accounts. So I am very happy with our ability to succeed there, and yes, I do expect to see continued growth in the broker market. I expect to see some struggles with our career market. But as I said, based on the training program and the things we're putting in place, I expect us to be able to move forward in a positive manner throughout '13 and beyond.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Are you guys looking -- and this is -- I've heard some things. Are you guys looking at the individual market performance, and I'm talking about the true individual market you're selling to individuals as individuals. There has been some thought that supplemental health products could really, really shoot up in 2014 and beyond due to ObamaCare. I'm wondering if that's something you might look at?
Paul S. Amos: Yes. We've always had direct products. In fact, that's -- we've offered direct pricing in the United States for many years. Our agents have always found that the ability to sell at the worksite not only provides us a better actuarial risk, but it provide the ability for the agent to be more productive because they can sell to a larger volume of people in a shorter period of time. And as well, as I think Americans in general, are used to purchasing their products at the worksite. That said, we do expect the combination of both ObamaCare PAC or whatever you want to call it, as well as the millennial generation being 50% of the workforce by 2016, to have some impact on how people choose to purchase insurance. Yes, it's my job, as well as our sales and marketing teams to make sure that we're staying ahead and looking at all possible alternatives. But we still believe, Steven, that the best market for us is the worksite businesses with 100 employees or less. And all of the other alternatives, including the broker market as well as the direct market, represent places for us to get incremental growth. But again, for us, we are going to focus in on America's smallest businesses and the opportunity for us to be successful there.
Robin Y. Wilkey: We're at the top of the hour, so we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ken, I just wanted to come back to you on something you had mentioned before, I think, in response to Nigel's question. The -- so, if the plan for -- going forward here, is that dividends from the U.S. is going to fund the common dividend, is it safe to assume -- and you're still on track with $800 million or so in terms of U.S. dollars repatriation coming from Japan -- is it fair to say all or the vast majority of that would go toward the buyback? Is that the right way to think about that for '13?
Kenneth S. Janke: Well, I think we -- a couple of things. Number one, we've said that we anticipate funding our share repurchase activities with profit repatriation so that JPY 65 billion translates into a little over $800 million. We would expect to have more dividend capacity on a U.S. statutory basis next year than we had this year, just given where we are with realized investment losses on a statutory basis. So as we think about next year, again, we want to maintain some prudence and we're going to be very cognizant of the world around us if additional losses emerge. But assuming that we have a relatively benign environment, thinking that we can buy somewhere within that -- we've indicated $300 million to $900 million in Kriss's speech in May -- we'd be at the high-end of the range if we felt comfortable deploying all of that. But yes, that would be available if we felt that was the right thing to do. And again, in the meantime, we have ample liquidity at the parent company. You'll recall that we did not dividend from the life company to the parent company all this year. We really relied on parent company liquidity to meet our corporate needs.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's very clear. And then just a follow-up for Kriss on the Japan margins. So 17% to 20% -- 21% pretax margins on WAYS, if you get it 2.5% new money yield. And Kriss, those are without the price increases, either the October or the planned one for next year?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, that's right. They'd be, in order of magnitude, 8% to 10% higher under repricing.
Thomas G. Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So, okay. And then I know you had mentioned the 6 month -- or 6 to 12 months negative impact of the spend on the new investment structure. But if I think about that range that you've given out, and I look at the 19 3 margin that you had this quarter -- fair to say that if Eric keeps getting what he is getting, that we're actually going to see start to see a reversal and margins go up here. Or certainly, not going down. I just want to get some context. And then as a follow-up, the -- why is it only a 6 to 12-months spend? I thought most of the costs were going to be ongoing? Or is there some big onetime elements to those...
Kriss Cloninger: No, the cost will be ongoing, Tom. What I'm saying is that if I look at the incremental yield on the amount we invested, say, for the first 6 months of the program. Say, I get an extra 100 basis points on $5 billion to $6 billion, that's $50 million to $60 million. That probably meets or exceeds the cost of the build out. So the $50 million to $60 million of additional investment income on the investments we made over the last 3 months and the next 3 months are probably sufficient to fund the going forward, the extra infrastructure, personnel cost, et cetera, et cetera. So in my mind, the way I'm compartmentalizing it, I'm saying, "Well, if I don't count any in additional profit associated with the first 6 months of investment. Now, we're going forward, then I've covered the total cost of the program in the P&L, and any incremental yield I'd get after the first 6 months is going to go to the bottom line, et cetera, et cetera. " That may not be the way you or anybody else thinks about it, but that's the way I've compartmentalized it. I will point out though that the current margin is right in the middle of the range that I gave you at FAB in May. All the ratios are in line with those numbers I gave you. I'll say that the expense ratio for the third quarter was at the low-end of the range, the benefit ratio was at the high-end of the range, but we had a lot of WAYS sales in the third quarter or in the second quarter. So I might anticipate that those would have been a little higher. Year-to-date, we're right in the middle of things. 2012 year-to-date, the margin's 20.1, and I had estimated a range in margin of 18.5 to 20.5, so actually that's way above the middle of the range of 19.5. So I'm comfortable with the numbers we've quoted you, and the margins are moving in the right direction. I'm just trying to be conservative in saying, "Don't get too excited, overly excited." I've got some additional cost to cover out of these additional incremental yields. So don't just expect the EPS to explode in the next 3 months. But over the next year, yes, I think it's going to really help us and going forward is going to help us a lot. That, plus the repricing, plus the other marketing adjustments we've made in our profits, our product strategy. Dan, did you want to comment?
Daniel P. Amos: Yes. The only thing I would say is that if you take where we are today and look at where we were a year ago, it's a totally different -- a way of looking at what's going on. I mean, we are in a position where every day, profits -- margins and profits are going up. And I think we're well-positioned to have a great fourth quarter and 2013, and I couldn't be more excited about the future and what's really been an ability our company to withstanding what went on with the financial crisis and now move look forward and really see some growth going ahead.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Okay, thank you. And we're going to close it down now. If anybody wants to call with any further questions, Tom and Daniel, my colleague and I will be the office and we'll be glad to take your calls. And thank you, all, again, for joining us today. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations Daniel P. Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of AFLAC and Chief Executive Officer of AFLAC Eric M. Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer and First Senior Vice President Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company Kenneth S. Janke - Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chairman of Disclosure Committee Toru Tonoike - President of Aflac Japan and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan
Analysts: Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would like -- I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Eric Kirsch, First Senior Vice President, Chief Global Investment Officer. And joining us remotely this morning is Toru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan, who joins us from Tokyo. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in the teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities law. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly reports for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now I'll turn to program over this morning to Dan who will begin with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the United States. I'll then follow up with a few financial highlights for the second quarter, and then we'll be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin this morning with a review of Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. We were again pleased with Aflac Japan's strong financial performance and sales momentum that continued in the second quarter. Following 2 tremendous years and an impressive first quarter, new annualized premium sales rose 47.4% to JPY 53.2 billion in the second quarter. These results, again, greatly surpassed our expectations and set a production record for the fourth straight quarter. For the first half of the year, Aflac Japan's totaled new annualized premiums in yen rose 50.5%. Aflac Japan's revenues grew by 9.2% for the quarter and 8.5% for the first 6 months. Pretax earnings for the quarter were JPY 77 billion, up 2.4%; and for the 6 months, pretax earnings were JPY 160 billion, up 2.8%. Premium income increased 9.7% for the quarter and 8.8% for the 6 months, benefiting from the stronger sales of our WAYS product. I would also note that persistency remained strong. The bank channel generated JPY 24.7 billion in sales, which represents an increase of 224% over the second quarter of 2011. The bank channel accounted for 46.5% of Aflac Japan's total sales and the traditional accounted for 51.9%. From a product perspective, WAYS, our unique hybrid whole-life product, continued as the top seller in the second quarter, generating an increase of 259% over 2011 and accounting for 45% of the total second quarter sales. Our cancer and medical insurance accounted for 13.4% and 16.9% of total sales in the quarter, respectively. I would point out that we expect our new nonstandard medical product introduced this week to benefit medical sales in the second half of the year. You may recall that we started selling the 5-pay version of WAYS product through the banks in June of 2011. As we've previously discussed, we have taken action to limit the production of the 5-pay version of WAYS to address the possibility of disintermediation risk in the event of interest rates increase significantly. Now, virtually all banks have reached their sales cap by 5-pay WAYS for the year. Our traditional sales channels will stop sales of all 5-pay WAYS on August 1. Except for a little spillover business, we don't expect the contribution of 5-pay WAYS to impact third quarter sales. Banks have a very strong distribution outlook for Aflac Japan. Compared with the U.S. banks, Japanese banks interact with the customers and consumers through more touch points offering a broader scope of transaction. As such, consumers in Japan tend to have more face-to-face interaction with the banks, often developing strong loyalties. This is true from the smallest villages to the largest cities. The bank channel networks of about 20,000 branches gives us a far-reaching access to consumers we've never had the chance to do business with otherwise. The bank channel helps expand our customer base. Today about 80% of the bank channel sales are new customers. Over the past 6 years, we've invested significant efforts in the developing relationship with banks. I will remind you that we secured agreements with more than 90% of the banks in Japan, a number we believe is significantly greater than any of our competitors. Selling WAYS appeals to banks because this product, is significantly higher premium, generates attractive commissions. Consumers like the WAYS product because it provides a safe and more appealing alternative to bank accounts that pay less than 10 basis points. From Aflac's view, as I've said before, WAYS gave us the opportunity to generate about a 10% profit margin for life insurance while providing a new distribution channel. If there was a choice, I'd prefer to sell more profitable third-sector products over the first-sector products like WAYS. But let me remind you, swapping out first-sector sales with third-sector sales simply isn't an option. However, we have tremendous access through the bank channel and that gives us an opportunity to cross-sell our more profitable medical and cancer products. We're also employing our strategies to enhance the profitability of child endowment in WAYS product. This is especially important in the current low interest-rate environment. Starting in October, the discounted advance premium rate, or DAP purchase option, available for both products will be reduced. While we're in the process of communicating with the FSA, our plan is to reduce the rate by 50%, going from 1% to 0.5% credit. You'll recall that the DAP is the interest we credit to the policyholders when they choose to pay their premium upfront. Additionally, as we told you at the Analyst Meeting, we will lower the assumed interest rate on pricing for the sales of WAYS in child endowment products starting in April of 2013. I would add that the second half of 2012 sales results will be impacted by several factors: first, we will stop the sale of 5-pay WAYS, which, of course, will hurt sales; second, the tough sales comparison from the second half of 2011 will make the latter half of 2012 challenging; and third, it's important to note that even with the headwinds I've just mentioned, the popularity of the products and the broad selection, especially with WAYS, continues to appeal to consumers. As such, we believe new annualized premium sales in the second half of the year will be flat to up 5%. However, combining the second half sales expectation with the tremendous sales growth we produced in the first half of the year, we are revising our numbers upward in terms of the sales target to 22% to 25%. Now let me turn to the U.S. operation. Aflac U.S. revenues grew by 5.2%, both for the quarter and for the 6 months. Pretax earnings were up 6.3% for the quarter and 7.2% for the 6 months. Premium income increased 5.5% for the quarter and 5.3% for the 6 months. I would also note that policy persistency remained very strong. We believe there are several reasons for this including some factors that we have control over and some we don't. One, with the economic uncertainty over the last several years, workers have been more reluctant to switch jobs. Additionally, we enhanced communication with our policyholders at critical decision-making times, which we believe has contributed to make an improvement in the policyholder retention rate. We believe these efforts have contributed to better persistency both for the policyholders and the payroll accounts. Aflac U.S. new annualized premium rose 1.5% for the quarter. For the first half of the year, total new sales rose 3%, which is in line with the annual sales target of 3% to 8% increase. Keep in mind with the majority of the enrollments occurring in the fourth quarter, we expect sales results to improve. Sales for our group products remained strong. Our veteran associates continue to benefit from the ability to offer group and individual products. While some aspects of the U.S. economy have shown slight signs of improvement this year, we continue to see the economic landscape is challenging. Given that our products are primarily sold at small businesses, gains in employment increased our universe of potential policyholders. Until we see sustained growth in employment levels, we remain cautious. While we can't control the challenging economic climate in the U.S., we certainly can position our business to maximize the potential for success in the current environment. That's exactly what we've done over the last several years and we are closely monitoring the proposed changes in the U.S. health care delivery system. Health care reform was never intended to address voluntary or supplemental insurance. Therefore, the Supreme Court's decision last month does not directly impact our business or the need for our products. However, we believe that it can have an indirect impact. It could present with opportunities for continued growth in this market. For Aflac, voluntary insurance sold at the work site, large and small, remains our primary focus. As we've seen in Japan, a system of national health care, actually enhances the awareness in the need of our product such as ours. Our competitive advantage as the market leader in the U.S. gives us new opportunities. For example, many brokers are looking to Aflac's supplemental of voluntary insurance for solutions for a couple of levels: first, we're seeking to replace lost commissions from declining major medical business; second, employers that are subject to Affordable Care Act have been asking brokers for ways to help control their health care costs. Whether the answer is to shift more costs to the employees, reduce benefits or both, we believe Aflac can be a big part of the solution for employers and their employees. With our strong brand, we believe consumers will be more receptive to hearing how Aflac products can help. This opens up greater possibilities for traditional sales force and the broker channel alike. Having updated you on the operational side of the business, let me give you some details about our Global Investment division. For the last several years, our primary focus has been on investment risk management while investing our significant cash flows and assets that are relatively higher quality and liquidity. As you know, we have made significant progress into proactively derisking our portfolio over the last 3 years to enhance the strength of our balance sheet. In the process, we've been reducing our exposure to riskier asset classes including perpetual, [indiscernible] and financials especially in Europe. You've heard us say many times before that we expect to see volatility in Europe, and that's exactly what we've seen in the second quarter. Our second quarter net after-tax realized investment losses were $272 million. These losses are primarily attributable to the decision to impair 2 Spanish holdings. In addition, we experienced further declines in the value of several securities we've previously impaired in the fourth quarter of 2011 related to the intent to sell. Although our total realized losses in the second quarter were higher than the first quarter of this year, they are significantly lower than the second quarter of last year. We still view Europe as an area of potential risk. As always, we closely monitor and reevaluate our portfolio with the eye for credit issues that may emerge. However, I believe our portfolio is better positioned now to accommodate market volatility. Now I'd like to share with you the progress that we've made on various initiatives related to transforming our investment management organization. As you'll recall, we engaged McKinsey to conduct a strategic global review of our people, infrastructure, technology and processes. We are in the process of implementing some of those recommendations in the second quarter. One recommendation relates to the organizational structure. Our new framework encompasses the Global Investment group led by executive management team of seasoned professionals and key investment functions. Recruiting talented investment and business professionals is a top priority we've made significant progress on. We hired a global chief operating officer for investments along with the chief operating officer for U.S. investments, a head of global credit and a head of trading. We also hired a number of other professionals in various support roles in both Japan and the United States. We will continue to build out our staff with talent and expertise to complement our investment strategy going forward. But let me just say that I am extremely impressed with the caliber of investment veterans Eric Kirsch has hired. They represent an enormous amount of Wall Street's experience and [indiscernible]. As we move into the third quarter, we will be addressing traditional recommend -- additional recommendations such as work stream and technology. We also engaged Goldman Sachs Asset Management, or GSAM, to conduct a comprehensive asset allocation review. This review identified asset allocations that allow us to improve our overall risk return profile by maximizing diversification while accommodating the various constraints to our portfolio such as the RBC and SMR ratios. GSAM is wrapping up phase 1 of the project this month, making it too early to discuss specific asset allocation details today. However, I can highlight several of the findings. Currently about 99% of the holdings are fixed maturity category, primarily invested in JGBs and privately issued securities. As I've suggested prior to the GSAM engagement, we will be looking to invest in a more liquid public securities while still supporting our yen liability. This week, we began investing in dollar-denominated public fixed income securities diversified by the sector and we'll purchase currency hedged to the yen. This strategy will provide greater liquidity over flexibility of the portfolio. Further, it will help provide opportunities to diversify the investment of significant cash flows beyond JGBs with the objective of producing higher returns. Our strategic asset allocation will be reviewed on an annual basis, and we will make tactical asset allocations continually to reflect current market and business conditions. Now, I'll turn to Aflac's consolidated financial performance. Operating earnings per share rose 3.9% to $1.61 for the quarter. Excluding the benefit of the stronger yen, operating earnings per diluted share rose 3.2% for the quarter. We had another strong quarter with respect to capital position. The strength of our capital ratio demonstrates our commitment to maintaining financial strength on behalf of our policyholders and bondholders, as well as shareholders. As we've communicated over the past several years, a strong risk-based capital ratio remains a priority to us. Although we have not finalized our statutory financial statements, we estimate our RBC ratio was between 560% and 600% at the end of June, which is up from the year-end number of 493%. The significant increase in the ratio from year end is due to the first quarter 2012 implementation of the new statutory accounting standards for income taxes. As you know, our capital adequacy in Japan is principally measured by the solvency margin ratio. We expect that Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio will remain at the high end of the 500% to 600% target. As we've indicated, given our capital structure, our ability to repurchase shares is largely tied to profit repatriation. Our 2012 profit repatriation was a bit higher than our estimates at JPY 37 billion, but we continue to be cautious about deploying capital. I'll remind you that we don't need to repurchase any shares to achieve our 2012 operating earnings objective. Given the ongoing European debt and related market volatility, we believe it's prudent to be cautious about deploying capital. However, it's still possible that we will repurchase shares in the fourth quarter. Furthermore, we still expect to have significant capacity for profit repatriation and share repurchase in 2013 if we incur no material losses between now and the end of the FSA fiscal year. I believe we've done a good job in protecting our policyholders' interests while also being mindful of shareholders' needs. We increased our cash dividend to shareholders in 2011 for the 29th consecutive year. Our objective is to grow the dividend at the rate in line with the earnings per share growth before the impact of the yen. I believe dividends are an important component for the value we provide investors. I am confident that the fourth quarter, we will extend the consecutive annual dividend increases to 30 years. I also believe we've done a very good job in managing our operation including expense control. However, with investments as one of the highest priorities, we remain committed to building a world-class investment function. This transformation requires additional financial resources, primarily for personnel, improved processes and investment systems. Fortunately, because the first quarter receipt of the deferred coupon, we were able to accelerate the funding of this critical global initiative while still achieving our operating earnings per share objectives. I want to affirm that even with the historically low interest rates, excluding currency, we expect to achieve our 2012 operating earnings per share of a 3% to 6% increase although toward the end of the low range. We believe it is reasonable. Looking ahead, I also want to reaffirm 2013 target we gave you at the analyst meeting. We expect operating per diluted share to increase 4% to 7% in 2013 on a currency-neutral basis. This earnings objective assumes no significant impact on investment income from losses and no further meaningful decline in interest rates. We remain focused on our vision to be the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the United States and the #1 provider of supplemental insurance in Japan. I have confidence in our business model, the fundamental need for our products, and most importantly, the future success of Aflac. Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thanks, Dan. Let me get through some second quarter numbers, starting with Aflac Japan. Beginning with the top line in yen terms, revenues were up strongly at 9.2% for the quarter and investment income was up 6.9%. The annualized persistency rate, excluding annuities for the first half of the year, was 94.7% compared with 94.3% a year ago. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total premiums increased over the last year, going from 69.9% a year ago to 72.2% in the second quarter. This was caused primarily by the growth of the net benefit reserves for our ordinary life line of products, most notably our WAYS product. The expense ratio for the quarter was 18.4%, down from 19.4% a year ago. The expense ratio was primarily impacted by the lower net commissions associated with the increase in sales of our life products. As a result, the higher benefit ratio with the pretax profit margin declining from 20.9% to 19.6% in the quarter. For investments for the quarter, our cash flows were invested in yen securities at 1.80%, and including dollars, the blended rate was 1.97%. The portfolio yield was 3.1% at the end of June, which is 8 basis points lower than the end of March and 41 basis points lower than a year ago. 10-year JGBs at the end of June 30 were 0.84%, a 15 basis points decrease from March 31. 20-year JGB yields as of June 30 were 1.67%, a 9 basis points decrease from March 31. And 30-year JGB yields as of June 30 were 1.89%, a 5 basis points decrease from March 31. Now turning to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 5.2% in the second quarter. The benefit ratio to total premiums increased slightly to 57.5% compared with 57.0% a year ago. The operating expense ratio decreased from 31.3% to 30.6%. Reflecting the decrease in the operating expense ratio, the profit margin for the quarter was 18.3% compared to 18.1% a year ago. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 4.37% versus 5.72% a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of June was 6.59%, down 7 basis points from the first quarter and 17 basis points from the year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. Noninsurance interest expense in the second quarter was $45 million compared to $41 million a year ago. The increase in interest expense was primarily impacted by the increased borrowings during 2011 and in the first quarter of this year. Parent company and other expenses increased to $18 million compared to $16 million in the second quarter of 2011. This increase was caused by several items, primarily general operating expenses increase with personnel projects and also other special projects. Total company operating margins decreased, reflecting the increase of the benefit ratio in Japan. Also our pretax operating margin decreased from 19.3% to 18.3%. After-tax operating margin decreased from 12.6% to 11.9%. On an operating basis, the tax rate remained relatively unchanged at 34.8%. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $1.03 -- $1.03 compared with $0.58 in 2011. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 3.9% to $1.61. The stronger yen increased earnings by $0.01 per diluted share for the quarter. Excluding the yen's impact, our operating earnings per share increased 3.2% for the quarter. Lastly, let me comment on the earnings outlook for the remainder of 2012. As we mentioned at our analyst meeting and also as Dan reiterated a while ago, given the continued low interest rate environment especially in Japan along with the ongoing volatility seen in Europe in the second quarter, we expect to see an increase in operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of the yen this year toward the low end of the range of 3% to 6%. Assuming the low end of 3% to 6% range in operating earnings growth, we would expect to earn $6.45 to $6.52 if the yen averages JPY 80 for the year. With the same exchange rate assumption of JPY 80 to the dollar for the third quarter, we would therefore expect operating earnings to be $1.64 to $1.69 per diluted share. Now I'll be glad to take your questions. And to be fair to everybody, please make sure you limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up. We're now ready for the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: With the strategy of investing in the U.S. and swapping back to Japan, can you discuss how much incremental yield you expect to pick up from that strategy? And if rates remain unchanged from current levels, what type of Japan new money yields do you expect to achieve in the back half of the year?
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. It's Eric Kirsch, and I can give you a range of estimates. I can't give you a precise number just because yields and spreads and different types of purchases could be different depending on market conditions. But by way of example, with this new program that we've initiated that Dan mentioned today, we're buying publicly available U.S. corporate bonds focused in A, BBB type of credits. This strategy will give us greater liquidity, greater portfolio flexibility in the future, and we're looking at maturities anywhere from 10 to 30 years across the curve. So ultimately, as we build this new portfolio, it'll be a combination of those things. But after taking into account the cost of currency hedges, because our strategy is to have this hedged back into our yen liabilities, you could be looking at anywhere from, again let me emphasize based on current market yields and spreads, anywhere from 2.5% to 3.25%. So if yields and spreads stay where they are today, which isn't likely, they move, as you all know, we'd probably be building a portfolio that, on average, had that kind of yield after the currency hedging costs. As you know, year-to-date, because we've been cautious and conservative, not buying private placements, being much more stringent on our credit standards, a majority of our new money was going into JGBs, which, as Robin mentioned, overall, year-to-date new money yields is somewhere around 1.85%, but on our whole portfolio new money at about 2%. You could see, based on my comments, we'll be able to increase the returns fairly significantly while at the same time improving the overall quality, diversification and investment opportunities for the portfolio. The program just got initiated, so we will start off in a modest sense as the team is coming together, as we work very closely on a global basis. But I'm confident as each month goes by, the impact to that new money yield and our overall investment results will continue to be a great contributor from this new investment program.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Eric had mentioned potentially invested 2.5% to 3.25%, so curious what that would do to the margin for the WAYS product versus where you're investing today at 2%?
Kriss Cloninger: I'll take that one. This is Kriss. At the FAB meeting, we reported that at a 2% new money rate, the WAYS profit would range from 8% to 12% of premium. If that increases at 2.25%, the range of profit goes up to 13% to 17% of premium. And at 2.5%, we get up to 17% to 21%. So I'm looking at this as an opportunity to $1 average up our net investment yield by pursuing this new strategy compared to what we've done over the last 6 to 12 months.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with this investment strategy in place, would you guys consider sort of reallowing the 5 WAYS product to be sold in the back half of the year if these are the type of margins you can be generating with a higher investment return?
Kriss Cloninger: I think that what's more likely to happen is that we'll move to a 10-pay WAYS. I think that's what the bank channel is going to do.
Daniel P. Amos: They're already doing it.
Kriss Cloninger: They're already doing it. The difference there is that the policy is not paid up as quickly. The full cash values aren't available to the policyholders quite as quickly, and therefore, it stretches out the period associated with becoming fully paid up and having access to full cash values and what that does is it reduces the risk of potential disintermediation by stretching out the period between the issue date and the paid-up date. Not that disintermediation is going to occur necessarily in the event of a spike in interest rates, but it is a possibility and so we're comfortable that we're doing the right thing, and we will probably not reintroduce 5-pay WAYS.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, Dan, you'd mentioned the opportunity to cross-sell the cancer and medical products via the bank distribution. So curious when you expect that this could take hold just given sales are essentially flat or down for those products despite the robust sales in the bank.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, actually, it's taking place now. Our sales of medical and cancer are the same number as WAYS. The difference is, is the premium is so high. So it's actually been taking place. I think what will drive our increase in sales immediately is going to be the introduction of this new -- what do we call the cancer product, the one that -- I mean the medical product -- Gentle EVER, which is a higher risk but higher premium. It's a substandard. And I think that's going to drive in the second half of the year's sales. But actually, the bank channel's doing quite well on medical and cancer sales. It's just one night the premium is the problem.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on the new money rate and the effect of WAYS. So if I understand this correctly, in October, you're going to reduce the discount on the advance, is that correct?
Daniel P. Amos: That is correct.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then beginning next fiscal year, you're going to raise the price of WAYS?
Daniel P. Amos: That is correct.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So both of those things are going on. So I guess the question is, if you're doing that, and Eric could get you 2.50% to 3.25%, are we looking at much higher margins than we've seen in the past on this product?
Daniel P. Amos: Absolutely. Assuming there's no change from where we are at this moment in interest rates and what's going on, that is correct.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then if I may just stick with Japan as a follow-up. I know your -- I guess this is a revision of Gentle EVER. I mean Gentle EVER's been out there, right?
Daniel P. Amos: It's a revision of Gentle EVER.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Are you happy, Dan, with the second quarter in traditional? The way I figure it, traditional was probably flat quarter-over-quarter.
Daniel P. Amos: No. I'd like stronger sales and certainly it's something that we're looking at and trying to concentrate on in the second half to have our traditional channel pick up. So I would say that no, it's not where I'd like it to be. But Japan's economy has not been the greatest in the world either. So not where I want it, but we're working on it and I think we'll see improvement going forward.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Is it just a stale product issue, or do you think there's something else?
Daniel P. Amos: No, I think a little bit of our salespeople are selling some of the life insurance that's moved them a little bit; we're moving them back. And I think they need new products occasionally and I think this Gentle EVER introduction will help them as well.
Operator: And our next question will come from Randy Binner of FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I had a question on the SMR. I guess from our perspective, it seemed surprisingly good considering a few headwinds and still maybe we're wrong in identifying those as headwinds, but the repatriation number, I'm assuming, is out of the SMR you referenced. I assume the credit loss is out of there too. The yen was a little bit stronger. And so those would be headwinds and then a tailwind would be a lower JGB yield. So just trying to look for clarification and kind of the moving parts that kept the SMR favorable in the quarter?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, you're essentially correct. The repatriation is, in fact, out of the SMR number. The investment losses for the quarter are in there. But again, we had strong operating earnings and there wasn't that much change in the yen, it was 1% and 1.5%, something like that. So there wasn't much of an impact on converting the dollar portfolio to yen compared to what it was at the end of the first quarter.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. So then, I guess 2 kind of related follow-ups. So one, the FSA standard reserving rate, is that -- is there any update on that and would that materially impact the SMR? And then with this level of SMR, would it be fair to say this is an adequate level that would enable kind of the larger repatriation looking to 2013?
Kriss Cloninger: Let me think about the first part of that question again. Let's see, what was the first part?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just the standard reserving rate, is there any update on that from the FAB?
Kriss Cloninger: The JGB yields -- within your JGB yields still remain well below what would be required to change the notion that the standard interest rate will be lowered effective April 1, 2013. I think it has to go up to something like 1.2% or more for the remaining period between now and the determination date. So it's highly likely that the standard reserve rate will come down. That only affects us going forward for new business, so there's no immediate impact on the SMR of a change in the -- of the rate. And as far as -- we've got a pretty strong SMR, future repatriations will primarily be a function of our Japan net after-tax income that reflects both operating earnings and investment losses after tax. And historically, we've repatriated about 80% of that number and we have to look at the level of solvency margin ratio to make sure we're taking care of the policyholders in Japan before we repatriate funds. But historically, we've been able to repatriate about 80% of the after-tax net income and still build our capital level in Japan. So that's what I expect next year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMC.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I had a -- just a follow-up on profit repatriation. Given that the losses in the second quarter were relatively high, at least higher than they were in the first quarter, what do you -- what's your sort of range for profit repatriation from Japan that you expect for 2013 assuming that you don't have material losses from here on out? And then on U.S. sales, they've been weak for the past few quarters. Just wondering how much of this is because of the economy versus not having the capacity or the infrastructure to be able to train recruits?
Kenneth S. Janke: Jimmy, this is Ken. Let me address the proper repatriation question. The current estimate based on losses that we've incurred so far in Japan's fiscal year would put it likely around JPY 65 billion next year, which is down from about JPY 90 billion that we had expected earlier. Remember, when we talked about the JPY 90 billion, we assumed there were no additional losses. So updating that number, that's a little over $800 million to $810 million.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And that would assume nothing major for the next 3 quarters?
Kenneth S. Janke: Correct, correct.
Daniel P. Amos: U.S.?
Kenneth S. Janke: Second part of the question?
Daniel P. Amos: U.S. sales.
Eric M. Kirsch: I would say that when we put out the original range for 2012, the range of 3% to 8% was based upon some improvement in both the U.S. economy, and more specifically, on employment itself. The 3% range, as I've said previously, represented a poor economy. The 8% of the range represented an improved economy with an average execution on our part. I would tell you at this point I think you've seen nationally with GDP, with unemployment across-the-board, with the Fed considering taking action this morning that the economy has not improved. And therefore, we continue to see slightly weaker results. That said, as Dan mentioned in his speech earlier, I believe that we will have a strong second half of the year with specific increase in the fourth quarter as the group business continues to drive success as well as the broker business. Our broker sales continue to be strong. And I feel like the changes that we've made recently in our sales and marketing structure to realign ourselves to better improve our training and to make our recruits more effective by recruiting and turning them into average weekly producers will set us up better for internal execution. All that being said, I feel confident and reaffirm the range of 3% to 8% with hope that we will continue to move up within that range from where we are today.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Nigel (sic) [Nadel] of Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a question on the new asset allocation strategy. Is this something where we should expect you will only be investing new cash flows? For instance, into these -- into U.S. public corporate securities and swapping or hedging into yen. Or might you be willing to sell some of your more recent JGB investments and reinvest proceeds from that as well into the strategy?
Eric M. Kirsch: It's Eric again. First, for sure, the majority of new cash flows will be used to invest per our new asset allocation strategies that are still being finalized, but you've heard a lot about with the GSAM project. Having said that, we will certainly look at opportunities for current assets in our portfolio to swap them in essence where it makes sense to do so. Having said that, that's not a conclusion we can make today. We're still finalizing the asset allocation results. Secondly, we always have to consider liquidity needs in our portfolio, other types of market events. But to the extent we have assets and JGBs are certainly one example if they're in AFS, where that possibility exists, and we would certainly look at that. As you know, the majority of our non-JGB assets are primarily in private placements. So those opportunities are limited just because of the liquidity constraints on those type of assets. So we'll explore those opportunities and report -- if we see good investment opportunities to make that type of swap, we would certainly entertain doing those. But nothing is planned for it at this early stage of the new asset allocation strategy.
Kenneth S. Janke: John, this is Ken. Just as a reminder, we came into the year thinking that we've have about JPY 800 billion of investable cash for the year. It's now at about JPY 1.3 trillion primarily because of the much better sales that we've had, coupled with very strong persistencies. So the big -- there may be swap opportunities, but the big challenge remains to putting that significant cash flow to work.
Daniel P. Amos: We're talking about JPY 15 billion in new money this year.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, I understand. I was thinking about it from the perspective of your JGB investments given the direction of rates are probably capital gains that might be helpful for your capture of some of the NOLs.
Kenneth S. Janke: That's on our mind, too.
Daniel P. Amos: That's on our mind.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then the second question I have is another one maybe for Eric and it's just recognizing how much conditions in Europe have deteriorated here in at least the recent several weeks, if not little a bit longer, thinking about, for instance, Spanish sovereign debt as one example. I'm just wondering what your watch list looks like. How that's perhaps changed over the past few months.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes, actually, in terms of our watch list, it hasn't necessarily increased in total because our watch least has a number of parameters that factor in price movement, ratings agency actions and a few other variables. So things like Spain and sovereign debt were on our radar screen. However, within the watch list, of course, we have different grades of sort of how much we're concerned about it or not. So that part has changed within the watch list. And as I have said earlier in the year, certainly at our FAB, there's no doubt you all understand what our European exposures are, so we will be impacted by the volatility in Europe and actions by the rating agencies. And as I've said, I certainly expect it on our holdings ratings migration. I think that was fairly well forecasted by the agencies and therefore would impact our holdings. But with respect to the volatility, in the first quarter, as we know, Europe calmed down; second quarter, extremely high volatility, similar to what we've seen last year. And I said if that volatility was high, then the financial impact to our holdings would be greater. If that volatility stayed lower, then the financial impact would be lower while we had some ratings migration. And the second quarter is just, unfortunately, an example of that volatility going very high and having some impact to our holdings, particularly in Spain with the 2 bonds we decided to impair.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joanne Smith of Scotia Capital.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Okay. So I just want to go back to the sales guidance or sales objective for Japan for a minute because you said that you expect 0% to 5% growth in the second half in Japan. You're expecting the sale of this 5-pay WAYS to go away basically. I know that they've reached the cap in the banks. With sales, excluding WAYS in the second quarter relatively flat, what are you doing to offset what you're going to see in terms of that huge decline in the sale of WAYS?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, I think, first of all, I think this low interest rate environment is going to drive people to look at the 10-pay or 15 or even 20-pay WAYS that we have. So I think there'll be some shift from the 5 to the 10 and 15. I think even the discounted advance premium cut in half from 1% to 0.5% is great for us, but it's still the best buy out there for consumers that are spending money. So I think, although it will slow down some, I still think you're going to see that it's still the best -- one of the best buys out there in the market. And then finally, I think the introduction of the new Gentle EVER is going to impact sales and so all of those things, together, I think, will make us fall in that 0% to 5%. And you'll remember that fourth quarter is a monster of a quarter. So I think third quarter will be up slightly, but fourth quarter's the one we're going against the really big numbers.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: And Dan, what is it about the cancer product right now that's causing sales to be weak? Is it that you need a refresher for that product? Is it the tax benefit that went away? Do you have anything planned in terms of new introductions on cancer?
Daniel P. Amos: Yes, we have plans to reengage the field force and our marketing guys are working on that. We believe that we'll engage them in the medic -- they take path of least resistance. So whatever the new product is, they move to. So right now we just expect them to move to Gentle EVER. It's not they won't be interested in cancer. It's just that Gentle EVER is the path of least resistance, so they'll start selling that. But we will look at more advertising to encourage the sale of the cancer products. We'll look at more advertising in regard to the medical sales as well. Contest, we basically give now no -- we cut the commissions in half on the sales of our endowment and so they'll shift from that because there's no convention credit or any credit whatsoever and it's half the commissions. So that'll move them back to the other products. So it's just several things that tie together that, I think, will push it that way.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Finkelstein of Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just one clarification, please, I think for Eric. Should we be assuming that the majority of cash in the back half of the year will be invested in this new strategy? I mean I know you're still finalizing the allocation, but how should we think about this 2.5% to 3.25% yield?
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes, I would think of it as a gradual walk that'll become a power walk that'll become even stronger. So we've just initiated the program. Our intent is as market conditions allow and investment teams find good opportunities, to increase that allocation to the investment grade corporate space. So over the third quarter, at least, my current expectation is approximately 2/3 of our new money that comes in up to that could go into this investment program. But it will be dependent on market conditions and investment opportunities that we see. As we gain more confidence in the workings of this program and assuming market conditions remain favorable, towards the end of the third quarter we'll reexamine the fourth quarter and decide on the asset allocation there. So if things go well, I would expect this program to continue to gain momentum and be a more significant portion of our new money cash flows.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one follow-up. At the May Investor Day, you talked a little bit about strategies and structures to maybe accelerate monetization of the deferred tax asset. Is there any there any update on that?
Kenneth S. Janke: Yes, Mark, this is Ken. There are actually a -- there's a couple of strategies that we're pursuing. I still can't get into a lot of details, but we remain pretty optimistic that we'll be able to generate some gains and hopefully address the combination of taking care of some current period losses and also the carryforwards in future periods. But it involves a lot of market work, legal work. There's -- we want to make sure we -- that the regulators are aware of it, for instance. So we're continuing to work at it and it's a pretty high priority here, but I just can't give a lot of detail at this time.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Do you think it could be a 2012 event?
Kenneth S. Janke: Yes, yes. Remember, though, that when you generate gains, those gains first go to current -- to offset current period losses. And with the LME exercise that we had largely completed, the program, in the first part of the year, we had generated significant losses, about $0.5 billion. So the first $0.5 billion of gains will go towards offsetting that. So we've got to think a little bit strategically about when we would pull the trigger to take care of some of the losses this year while also keeping some of the powder dry to try and address some of the carryforwards over the next few years.
Operator: And our next question will come from Suneet Kamath of UBS.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My first question, I guess, is a bigger question for Dan. As you think about the Japan business and the mix of new products coming on the books, as you look beyond this year and even next year, just kind of looking further out, do you ever think we'll get back to a period of time where the third-sector products are a larger or the dominant contributor in terms of mix or the contributions to growth, or has the market changed so much where kind of going forward you're still going to be focusing on the these investment-oriented types of products?
Daniel P. Amos: No, I think there'll be a shift back more toward third sector. I still believe there's the potential for the co-pays and deductibles to go up again. I mean, we're at 30%. I've seen it go from 0% to 10% to 20% to 30%. I still believe there's the potential for it to go to 50%. If there is, there'll be more demand for our products than ever before. That isn't to say that it'll happen, but I never thought it would get to 30%. One of the things that's driving the market right now and the sale of the life products is low interest rate environment. If interest rates move up, that's positive for us in many ways. I think that if the interest rates move up, we won't see as much life insurance sold through WAYS, so that'll move down. So I think it's a balance. But I think, it's been a surprise how much life insurance we've written and I'm excited to see the profit margin, the opportunity for expansion in that. But I don't see that as our main thrust going forward.
Suneet L. Kamath - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question is again on the Japan business and the banks. Obviously, you're preparing for the potential for disintermediation if rates spike. But I guess my question is even if rates don't spike and we get 5 years out and the surrender charges go away, I mean why wouldn't the banks just churn the product anyway to get another commission? And I guess the example I'm thinking about is like the U.S. variable annuity business where once the surrender charges are up, the advisor sort of churn the product through 1035s or whatever, get a new commission and obviously that has an impact, adverse impact, on the underlying company that's offering the product. Why wouldn't the banks do that?
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss. I'm going to just speculate that the FSA does watch agent behavior in Japan. And if the agents did something not in the interest of policyholders, then there are potential problems associated with that. There was a lot of agent training that went to preparing the banks to sell the WAYS products. And keep in mind that even though surrender charges go away, there are still significant benefits in the optionality associated with the WAYS product at the maturity age. So I think that we would argue with the banks that they would be doing a disservice to their policyholders to rewrite things, almost even in the event of change in interest rates.
Daniel P. Amos: And Toru, do you have any comments you'd like to make on that? You were a banker before you were an insurance man, how about you?
Toru Tonoike: I think that Kriss is absolutely right. In the eyes of the Japanese regulator, the thought of the action is probably will look like something very inappropriate from the viewpoint of the consumer's interest. Banks are very, very ultrasensitive to their reputation. So I don't think that any bank would like to do that just simply because they wish to increase the commissions. The reputation is more important for them. Just a small -- it's a relatively small portion of that profit for the banks anyway. So I don't think that, that's going to happen in Japan.
Daniel P. Amos: And remember, we've only been selling it a year and we'll be out of it.
Operator: And our last question will come from Ed Spehar of Bank of America.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The question I have is on the WAYS profit margin. Kriss, I think the examples you gave that FAB with the 2.5% new money was based on the current product, is that correct? So it wasn't taking into account lower assumed interest rate or a change in the discount advance premium?
Kriss Cloninger: You are absolutely correct, Ed. It was a current product priced at 1.65% interest. If the standard interest rate goes down to 1%, which we expect it will, we will reprice at a lower yield and achieve a greater spread, which would improve the profitability of the revised product. The competitors would have to do similar pricing action. So we wouldn't be at a disadvantage competitively.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess my question is what's the risk that you're overshooting now? If the new money yields are going to be 2.5% at the low end and you're making 2 pricing changes, it would seem like the margin you're going to be getting as you look out into next year on this product could be 30%. I mean that's -- I think the margin was pretty close to the internal rate of return on the product, at least that's how you described, I believe, in the past. I mean, is the 30% internal rate of return really a -- I mean are you going to the point where the sales are going to go away?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, let me just make a comment about that. I think the real question becomes how competitors will view this. If we move with a herd mentality as we always have, and I'm really not talking about the discounted advance premium; that's kind of a no-brainer and won't be any trouble. It would be the rate decrease -- I mean the interest rate decrease or the rate increase in April. We would view it at that time according to what was going on. And we would move with everybody else. So -- but I think the trend that you're seeing is a very strong trend in the right direction of what we want to see. And the way things have moved in today's world, I think we've just got to wait a little closer and watch it, but I think that there is that upside for that happening.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just add that this life insurance stuff is a long-term business. It's not just a quarter-to-quarter business and you need to have a bit of a long-term perspective on it. We've suffered low margins here recently over the last year, 1.5 years. And I think we would like to have opportunity to restore some of those margins and to help fund some of the realized losses we've taken due to the weak investment environment. So a concern about making too much money is not at the top of my list right now, Ed.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess I'm not worried about making too much money. I'm just worried about the idea that the WAYS, which is a big contributor to sales, go to 0.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, don't worry. We're not going to let that happen. I'm worried about that. I meet on that all the time. There's a balance in everything we do. Just like everybody is panicked when they saw interest rates heading down and worried about WAYS becoming unprofitable. I said, calm down, we'll have it fixed. And we have and got the thing -- we can't let it get too high either. You're absolutely right. Everything is about moderation, nothing in excess. And that's the way we look at this.
Robin Y. Wilkey: All right. Finally, I would like to remind everybody that we're going to be holding our Tokyo Analyst Meeting on Monday, September 10. And hopefully, we'll able to update you on many of the things that we discussed today. So please, make sure that you call us or register online if you would like to attend. Also, I want to thank you for joining us today. And if you'd like to follow up on any of the items, please feel free to call Tom or myself, and we'll be glad to follow up with anything. Thank you again, and we hope to see you in Tokyo on September 10.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the conference today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor & Rating Agency Relations Daniel P. Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of AFLAC and Chief Executive Officer of AFLAC Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company Eric M. Kirsch - Global Chief Investment Officer and First Senior Vice President Paul S. Amos - Chief Operating Officer of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer of Aflac U S Operations, President of American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus, President of Aflec and Director
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Joining me this morning here in Columbus is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Eric Kirsch, First Senior Vice President, Chief Global Investment Officer; and joining us remotely this morning is Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; and Toru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan, who's joining us from Tokyo. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly report for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the U.S. I'll follow up with a few highlights for the first quarter and then we'll be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased that we met and, in many cases, significantly exceeded our financial and operational targets for the first quarter. Let me begin with an update on Aflac Japan, our largest earnings contributor. Following an impressive 2011, we again, are pleased with Aflac Japan's financial performance with their tremendous sales momentum in the first quarter. New annualized premium sales rose 53.8% to JPY 52.4 billion for the quarter, which surpassed our expectations and set a production record for the third straight quarter. Revenues grew 7.8% and pretax earnings were up 3.2% for the quarter. Bank channel sales has been a huge factor in the tremendous sales growth over the last couple of years. We told you at the end of the year that we expected new annualized premium sales through the bank channels in the first quarter to be up more than 150%, and they were actually up 208% over the first quarter of 2011. As you will recall, our unique hybrid whole-life product, WAYS, has been a significant contributor to the bank channel growth. There are 3 principal reasons why selling WAYS has benefited our business. First, due to its much higher premium, it's a strong contributor to the top line growth. Although our margins are lower than our healthcare products, WAYS contributes to the bottom line. It's important to note that the profit margin on WAYS sold using the discounted advance premium method is 8% to 12%, and more than 90% of the consumers purchasing WAYS through banks select this payment method. But I'd point out that if we use the new money yields for WAYS' cash flows, are just 25 basis points higher, the profit margin range would be 13% to 17%. At our analyst meeting next month, we will give you some additional color on the margins and the returns on the WAYS product.  The second reason we sell WAYS is because this product gives us access to new customers. I'll point out that 80% of the customers at the banks are new to Aflac. Also, the average age on WAYS purchasers is 43, which is appealing to us because that age is in the segment of the market, which is 25 to 49, where we are under penetrated. The third reason we're selling WAYS is because this product helps us solidify the relationships we've worked hard to establish with banks. Aflac has agreements with 372 of the 403 banks in Japan. We believe this number is significantly greater than any of our competitors. Our bank channel has significantly reach into Japan with more than 20,000 branches. Japanese consumers rely on banks not only to provide traditional bank services but also to provide insurance solutions among other services. As such, our partnership with the banks provide us with a very different demographic of potential customers than we otherwise have been to reach. And it also allowed the banks to expand their products and offerings to consumers. Low interest rates in Japan has been challenging for many years and even more so compared to this time last year. But understand, we are currently in the process of evaluating the pricing of our entire product line using lower interest rates. I can tell you that we will definitely be working on repricing our ordinary life products over the next year. Keep in mind this takes some time because it involves an alignment of sales and promotional programs as well as system changes. We are also looking at different asset allocations that would generate better returns on the premium income generated from WAYS.  Following an extensive analysis of our WAYS products, we concluded that 5 pay [ph] version of WAYS that we started selling through the bank channels in June of 2011 would be more susceptible to intermediation at its paid-up date. Therefore, we took action to limit the production of this particular version of WAYS for both the bank channel and our traditional agencies. Thanks to the strong relationship we have with banks, we've been successful at reaching production caps agreements for the 5 pay WAYS [ph] production channel. I would note that there are significant surrender penalties for this product until the paid-up date. Taking an extreme case, if every 5 pay [ph] WAYS product cancel their policy to paid-up date, we would not have the liquid investment. Instead, we would fund the payouts from the investable cash flows, which significantly exceed our cash surrender values that would be claimed. And this type of scenario would only be likely if interest rates, or interest yields, on new investments are significantly higher than they are today. Obviously, the higher rates would benefit our investment returns on net new money that we would have to invest.  With respect to Aflac Japan's traditional sales channel, the tremendous sales results in 2009 and 2010 from the EVER products in the Maneki Neko Duck campaign created tough comparisons in 2011. As you will recall, our traditional sales channels produced flat sales last year. As I said last quarter, that I expected sales from the [indiscernible] channels to be up in 2012. First quarter sales results for this channel actually increased 9.1%. So we're off to a good start. Keep in mind that the foundation of Aflac Japan's product portfolio has been, and will continue to be, the third sector cancer and medical products. Aflac Japan remains the #1 provider in the third sector market by continually to revise and developing products that are relevant to the consumers' needs. It's our objective to retain the #1 position. In the first quarter, our cancer sales were up 14.2%. We also upgraded the new EVER product toward the end of January, and initial results of this product revision is being well received by consumers. We believe sales of this product will benefit the medical category.  Finally, I'd like to point out that excluding production of the 5 WAYS pay [ph], sales would still be up roughly 25.9%. Based on Japan's strong first quarter, we now expect total annualized premium sales to be up 10% this year. Now let me turn to the U.S. operation. It has been and continues to be our long-standing vision to be the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the United States, a position we've held for many years. Aflac U.S. generated a 4.5% increase in new annualized premium sales in the first quarter, which is right in line with our annual sales expectations of a 3% to 8% sales increase. Keep in mind the majority of our enrollments were in the fourth quarter. Aflac U.S. revenues rose 5.2% and pretax earnings were up 8.1% for the quarter. I would also note that first quarter of 2012, our persistency remained very strong.  We continue to expand Aflac's potential to connect with employees at more companies, large and small. And as you'll recall, our strategy for growth is to offer relevant products through expanded distribution channels to reach those employees. While the U.S. economy has shown some signs of recovery, we believe smaller employers continue to find the environment challenging and we still remain somewhat cautious until we see greater gains in the employment trend. However, the 2009 addition of group products to our existing portfolio has allowed us to leverage Aflac's strong brand and to provide more options for customers of both our traditional and broker distribution channels. We will continue to sell through smaller businesses while also engaging in large case market, which is dominated by the large brokers. At the beginning of this year, we launched an initiative to address the largest insurance brokers. We believe that Aflac's potential for growth in the larger case market is tremendous. Keep in mind, building relationships and trust with larger brokers takes time. It is a process, not an event. But I can tell you that we are making tremendous inroads. You'll hear more about this at the analyst meeting in May. With both operating segments continuing to perform well, as I've said, investments in capital management are my top priorities as CEO. In that regard, I'm extremely pleased with our activities in the quarter.  Let me begin with investments. Our realized investment losses for the first quarter were $29 million. Let me take you back to our discussions at the end of the fourth quarter. You'll recall we identified a group of assets with larger risks to European countries with the intent to sell those assets. We impaired those assets to fair market value at the end of the fourth quarter. This strategy did not reflect the change in opinion on the credits of these assets, but rather well-defined plan to reduce our overall exposure to Europe, particularly in the financial sector. Our goal was to reduce our exposure to European financials by approximately JPY 150 billion by June 30. I am pleased to report to you that we have liquidated more than 85% of that target. I'm also very encouraged that we have substantially completed this program, and on top of that, the prices we received for these securities were generally better than the price that we had impaired them to at the end of the fourth quarter.  With respect to derisking, I'm very pleased that we made significant progress in enhancing the quality of our overall investment portfolio. Volatility in Europe lessened in the first quarter, but since the end of March, it's increased somewhat. Keep in mind we reduced our overall European exposure from $29.5 billion at the end of 2011 to $27.2 billion at the end of the first quarter. So potential impact to further European volatility on our investment portfolio is lower. While we still view Europe as an area of investment risk, I believe our portfolio is better positioned to accommodate market volatility in the future. As always, we will closely monitor, evaluate and reevaluate our portfolio with an eye for credit issues that may emerge.  Let me remind you of how successful we've been in substantially enhancing our investment portfolio over the last few years. From January 2008 to the end of the first quarter of 2012, we've dramatically cut our holdings in sovereign and financial investments in the PIIGS countries from 5.9% to 2.1% of total investments in cash. We also lowered our investments in perpetual securities by more than half, going from 14.7% of total investments and cash to 5.5% or $5.5 billion. I'd also like to point out that none of the perpetual securities we currently own are in the PIIGS countries. As we pursue opportunistic investment transactions, we will continue to look for ways to reduce our exposure to European debt. I'll also update you on a few other investment topics. As you'll recall, we engaged the services of McKinsey, a leading management consulting firm, to conduct a strategic and global review of our investment processes, people and system. McKinsey's analysis includes key recommendations relating to the creation of a global investment organization with complementary risk management, credit, asset allocation and outsourcing capabilities that enhance our ability to be a world-class investment organization. With the analysis complete, you'll hear more about this in May. But let me say I'm very pleased with our strategy to build and enrich the capabilities of our investment function, as is our Board of Directors.  Additionally, as we also discussed, we partnered with Goldman Sachs Asset Management to conduct a comprehensive strategic asset allocation project that accounts for Aflac's specific liabilities and capital requirements. We engaged this study to develop an investment program that will likely expand our investment opportunities beyond what our current programs afford us. We expect this analysis to be finished by the end of June and it will impact how we invest in different asset classes, including the implementation of outsourcing to third-party investment managers. Once we get the results, we will be able to share this with you in more detail. A global strategic asset allocation program that presents an opportunity for us to significantly improve the risk and return profile of our balance sheet. We know that there are new investment opportunities that Aflac can take advantage of and we expect this project to help us with strategy going forward. We believe these efforts will improve benefits to the policy holders and shareholders in terms of higher quality of future investment earnings. The success of derisking activities included the receipt of deferred coupon that allowed us to accelerate the funding of this critical global initiative while still achieving our operating earnings per share objective this year. While it's too early to discuss our strategy in detail, Eric is on the call today and I'm sure he'll be happy to respond to your questions. What I can tell you is that we believe that by considering a broader set of asset classes and investment opportunities, we will improve the overall quality of the portfolio over the long term. Now I'll turn to Aflac's consolidated financial performance. Operating earnings per diluted share rose 7.4% to $1.74 for the quarter, excluding the benefit from the stronger yen, operating earnings per diluted share rose 4.9% for the quarter. We also had a strong quarter with respect to our capital position. The strength of our capital ratios demonstrates our commitment to maintaining financial strength on behalf of our policyholders and bondholders as well as the shareholders. As we've communicated, over the past several years, maintaining a strong risk-based capital or RBC ratio remains a priority for us. Although we have not yet finalized our statutory financial statements, we estimate our RBC ratio was between 500 and 540 at the end of March, which is considerable increase from our year end of 493. As you know, our capital adequacy in Japan is particularly -- is principally measured by our solvency margin ratio. We also expect that Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio improved significantly over year end 2011.  I believe we've done a good job at protecting our policyholders' interest while also being mindful of the shareholders. We increased our cash dividend to shareholders in 2011 for the 29th consecutive year. Our objective is to grow the dividend at the rate in line with our earnings per share before the impact of the yen. I believe dividends are an important component of the value we provide the investors. We will again evaluate a dividend increase as the year progresses, but I am confident we will extend our consecutive annual dividend increases to 30 years. As we have indicated, given our capital structure, our ability to repurchase shares is largely tied to profit repatriation. We mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we estimated 2012 profit repatriation to be about JPY 25 billion, assuming no additional material investment losses through Aflac Japan's FSA fiscal year end. We still believe that's a reasonable estimate. We will make a decision about the amount of money we will transfer from Japan to the U.S. around mid-year. In thinking of that decision, we'll be taking into consideration the needs of our stakeholders in Japan, including our policyholders, but we will continue to be cautious about deploying that capital. If we do purchase any shares this year, it would be late in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind there are many factors involved in this decision and we'll closely monitor our options. Importantly, we don't need to repurchase shares to make our 2012 earnings. Furthermore, assuming we incur no material investment losses between now and mid-2013, we would expect to maintain a strong solvency margin ratio and significant capacity for profit repatriation and share repurchase. You'll recall, we previously shared that our 2012 operating earnings objective was 2% to 5% growth before currency. We expect the new accounting for DAC to lower earnings per share by approximately $0.05 this year. However, we believe we can cover that impact and still achieve our original target of $6.46 to $6.65 per diluted share before the currency. That means our range for this year increased actually to 3% to 6% over the restated 2011 numbers. We will give you details about 2013 outlook at the analyst meeting next month, as we do each year. But I can say that we still expect the rate of earnings growth in 2013 to improve over 2012. I am very excited about the opportunities ahead for Aflac. We remain focused on our vision to be the leading provider of voluntary insurance in the United States and the #1 provider of supplemental insurance in Japan.  Now, I'll turn the program back over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thanks, Dan. Let me briefly go through some first quarter numbers, starting with Aflac Japan. In terms of the top line, revenues, were up 7.8% and investment income was up 8.7%, benefiting from the receipt of a previously deferred coupon payment that was received as the results of the derisking activities in the first quarter. Our annualized persistency rate was strong at 94.5% compared with 94.3% in 2011. The benefit ratio to total premiums increased over last year, going from 69.7% to 71.5%, primarily caused by the growth of net benefit reserves for ordinary life's line of products. The expense ratio was 18.1%, down from 18.7% a year ago, primarily impacted by lower net commissions associated with the sale of life products. As a result, the higher benefit ratio, the pretax margin declined from 22.3% in the quarter to 21.3%. Turning to Aflac U.S., total revenues rose 5.2% in the first quarter and the benefit ratio to total premiums increased slightly to 55.1% compared with 54.9% a year ago. The operating expense ratio decreased from 32.1% to 31.4% primarily due to lower advertising expenditures. Reflecting the decrease in the operating expense ratio, the profit margin for the quarter was 19.6% compared with 19.1% a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. As you probably read in the press release, on January 1, 2012 we adopted revised accounting guidance for DAC. The retrospective adoption resulted in an after-tax cumulative charge to retained earnings of $408 million or 3.9% of adjusted shareholders' equity as of December 31, 2010 and had an immaterial impact on net income in 2011 and the preceding years. The increase in interest expense was primarily impacted by the borrowings during 2011 and the first quarter in 2012. Due to those borrowings, it helped also increase Parent Company  [Audio Gap]  the end of fourth quarter, which was $942 million versus $385 million at the end of 2011. Parent Company and other expenses increased to $20 million compared to $14 million in the first quarter of 2011, primarily caused by several items, including foreign exchange losses on yen-denominated cash at the inc [ph] level and other general operating expense increases associated with personnel and special projects. Total company operating margins decreased, reflecting the increase of the benefit ratio in Japan and caused by the increased sales of the ordinary life line of business.  On our operating basis, the tax rate remained relatively unchanged at 34.7% and net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $1.68 compared to $0.83 in 2011. As reported, our operating earnings per diluted share rose 7.4% to $1.74. As previously mentioned, our operating earnings benefited by the $23 million or $0.05 per share from the onetime receipt of the previously written-off deferred coupon. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.04 per diluted share, excluding the yen impact, operating earnings per share increased 4.9% for the quarter.  Lastly, let me comment on the earnings outlook for 2012. The new accounting for DAC will impact earnings per share by approximately $0.05. We expect to produce operating earnings of $6.46 to $6.65 per diluted share on a constant currency basis. This range represents an increase of 3% to 6% over 2011. If the yen averages 80 to 85 for the full year, we would expect operating EPS to be in the area of $6.21 to $6.64 per diluted share. And for the second quarter, if the yen averages 80 to 85, we would expect operating earnings to be $1.53 to $1.59 per diluted share.  I want to take this opportunity to remind all of you that our annual analyst meeting will be held in New York on May 15 and 16. There, we'll be able to provide you with further updates on our operations in both U.S. and Japan, along with our outlook for the coming year. Please register to attend. Now to be fair to everybody, we're going to start Q&A, but limit yourself to only one question and a follow-up related to that one question. Now, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. Just wanted to clarify a piece of the more positive commentary on '13 EPS. I guess our assumption would be that there'll be buyback in there. And so, can you confirm that JPY 45 billion would still be the target for repatriation in 2013?
Daniel P. Amos: Actually, the repatriation number for 2013, we cited was -- we previously said, I think, close to JPY 95 billion, and now our best estimate is about JPY 90 billion. So that amount would be available for transfer from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S. and presumably, a portion of that would be available for share repurchase or other capital management activities, including funding of shareholder dividend.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then the related follow-up to that is that I guess the way we heard it, the active derisking program is over. And so is that a correct conclusion, meaning that we probably wouldn't expect as much proactive credit losses working against that JPY 90 billion going forward?
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just say we'll ask Eric Berg to -- Kirsch, Berg, Berg on my mind, okay. I apologize for that. But we'll ask Eric to respond to that.
Eric M. Kirsch: Thank you, Kriss. In terms of a targeted active derisking program, we are primarily complete. As Dan said, we have gone a little over JPY 130 billion, our target is JPY 150 billion so we still have a little bit more to go with respect to that program. Beyond that, there isn't any specific targeted program. But let me remind everybody, of course, Europe continues to have volatility with respect to the political and the monetary situation. And we of course continue to have holdings there. So we will be vigilant on our analysis both from a macro standpoint as well as from a credit standpoint. But at this juncture, we don't see a reason to have an active program. So you could see us take tactical actions as might be appropriate, but no large targeted program other than the completion of what we've got going, which is well over 80% complete.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder S. Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I had a question for Eric as well. At first, on the new money yield, it continues to drop, I think it was 203 basis points in the first quarter, almost 100 basis points lower than last year. So can you discuss where you're allocating new money and what the investment environment's like? It seems like it's still challenging. And then related to rates, Dan, you mentioned you're expecting to reprice some of your products over the next year or so. How do you expect that to affect your sales? And are you assuming that other competitors will follow suit when you raise prices as well?
Eric M. Kirsch: So, I'll handle the first part of that question before handing it over to Dan, with respect to where we're investing new money. In the short term, meaning since I've joined in November, I am currently operating under our existing global investment policies and guidelines. Between the McKinsey project and the GSAM project, we will expect to see very positive changes, all of those that allow us to take advantage of new and different opportunities for Aflac. But in the meantime, relative to our investment universe, we're investing approximately 70% to 80% of our new money, in JGBs somewhere around 20% plus or minus, in private placements primarily out of Asia. As you all recollect, we stopped investing in Europe given our macro exposures shortly after I joined. So those opportunities are resulting in a yield of about 2% plus or minus. And my expectation is, for the foreseeable future, at least interest rates in Japan, our base currency for the Japan business segment, aren't going to change all that much. They might go up or down a few basis points. And I don't necessarily expect the allocation in the short term between JGBs and privates, and I should add, we have increased our allocation to bank loans, and we'll continue to fund that through the end of the second quarter, to materially change. However, a broader question, which I'll just touch on briefly, we do expect the results of our GSAM study to be complete June and that will allow us to amend our global investment policies with the continued buildout of people and infrastructure from the McKinsey project, we'll be able to add resources. I would expect later this year, most likely in the fourth quarter, where you'll see us actually investing in different things than we have historically because we'll have everything ready for that. I also want to mention that with respect to new dollar money yields, our target is 3.25% and we're well exceeding that, we're at a number over 4% with respect to new investments in the U.S.
Daniel P. Amos: And in regard to the repricing, let me just say first of all, we're not pleased with interest rates where they are, which is no shock to any of you. And we are adjusting to this lower interest rate environment. This goes back to, I can remember in the '80s, I had a situation where we were selling single premium dementia. The difference was is that all of a sudden interest rates dropped so much, I had to cold turkey just stop everything. In the case of what's going on with WAYS and the interest rate environment, we are not in that position. It's not -- the interest rate is not where we want it to be, but it's still a profitable situation for us. Saying that, we are adjusting quotas and trying to get less production. We are in the process of looking at repricing. I can't speak for other companies, but what I can say is, is in the past, it's been more of a herd mentality than an individual company. Everyone seems to go at the same time because all of us are impacted in the same way. So I would think that when we go back, that you'll find others, but I can't speak for other companies, and what will take place. We had such a downward spiral so quickly, we're moving as fast as we can to reposition and do that. But it just is a little slower than we ever like for it to be. The good news is, is later on if it spikes back up, it's slower also on the other side. So in the meantime, we are working toward that, Jimmy, and I can't give you specifics on what the interest rate assumption will be, but it will be in line to where our profit margin is back to where it used to be, is what we're working toward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Spehar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dan, the question I have is, is it fair to say that you would not be pleased with the sales momentum of WAYS if you anticipated no change in new money yields in the second half of the year?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, what I think I would say is, is that the 5 pay [ph], we definitely do not want and are working toward, although it is profitable because of the disintermediation, we would prefer not having it. So we're moving away from that. The thing I want is the bank channel. I think it offers great opportunity for us. Our products are more profitable than the life insurance products that we would compete with. So we have an advantage over the competitors in that respect, that we hold that market. In the meantime, I want to see the others. So am I -- do I like the interest rate environment we have right now in the yield? No. Do I think it's better to have it than not have it? Yes. I think it's better and I think -- and Kriss will go over in much detail, but as I said in my little talk, it's 8% to 12% profit margin. And although I wish it was 13% to 17% at 2.25%, I'm still glad to get it. But I'd rather write -- let me be clear, I'd rather write medical insurance than I had WAYS or life insurance products. But that's not an option. It's not that you replace one with the other. If our existing distribution channel was changing to where they were stopping the sale of one and changing to the other, that would be very alarming and something we would have to stop immediately. But this is a new channel that is brought on with a profit margin of 8% to 12%. And although I like the higher profit margin last year, I still like getting 8% to 12%, but I wish it was much better.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. Dan, I guess the follow-up is that you said a couple times about how it's still profitable. I think you just mentioned that it's a better return than the life competitor products that are in the channel. I guess though that that's a very -- that could imply a very different marginal return for the company that's historically had a 25% ROE. So I guess, I'm hoping that, either now or certainly at Investor Day, that we can get into sort of very specifically, what type of marginal returns we're thinking about for this business because there's a long way between a profitable product and a 25% ROE.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, what I would say to that, and I'll have Kriss respond is, we want our profitable product of our medical to stay in that range and that's ultimately our objective. But our objective is to try to find a way to expand that medical product. And one way to expand that medical product is to bring on new customers. And the way you bring on new customers can be many ways. We can spend money on advertising to do it or we can offer a WAYS product that brings on new people. But ultimately, I want to get more people on the books to where I can add medical and other products in the future that will be in line with the profit margins that we like to attain. Kriss, you want to make any comment?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, Ed, I promised you all to give you more information on the split between health and life. And I'll do that in detail at the FAB and give you some indication on margins there. But today, let me just give you a few brief observations that we've got. Today, roughly 75% of our profits are coming out of health products and 25% out of other products. And we don't expect that mix to change a lot between now and the next 2 or 3 years, even though we're writing a lot of WAYS. We have been writing some other nonhealth products and the like and WAYS has taken place of that some and WAYS is actually somewhat more profitable than those other nonhealth products that we had, like annuity and dementia and the like. So the margins on the life products as a percent of premium are going to be, going forward, about the same as they are today to slightly less. I'm looking at numbers as a percent of premium like 14% margin this year, 12% last year. I think we're going to maintain that 12% to 14% on the life products for the next 3 years. And I think the health products will continue to have a margin in the neighborhood of 24% of premium going forward and that'll be 75% of our profits 3 years from now. So we're not going to see a major, major decline in overall profitability. I'll just leave it there for right now, Ed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First things first. How about I ask questions about the...
Daniel P. Amos: [indiscernible] on investments for us, Eric?
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: No, no, no. I was going to say how about I -- I was going to start by saying how about I ask the questions about your investment portfolio, and I will leave to your new Chief Investment Officer, who is an excellent choice, the business of answering the questions, how does that sound?
Daniel P. Amos: You're on my mind, Eric. That's all.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I appreciate it very much. All joking aside, I actually have just one question only about this disintermediation that you've been referencing several times. My question is this, one, to what extent is it already going on? And, two, why is it going on in the sense that historically, Aflac's products have not had much cash surrender value? At least, that's what [indiscernible] historically or most of the history of the company. So presumably, there couldn't be much -- I'm trying to get a sense for the incentive of the surrender charges. Surrender charges are only powerful -- only have a powerful incentive if there's a lot of cash value in there. So it's sort of a two-part related question, to what extent is the disintermediation going on and to what extent will these surrender charges really make a difference given the historical low cash surrender value of your products?
Daniel P. Amos: Eric, I'll handle that. Disintermediation is not going on at the moment. It's something that we've started examining internally as a potential issue. I mean, anytime you sell a product that has high cash value, which 5 pay [ph] WAYS does at the end of the premium period, relative to where it's going to be, you have to worry about -- if you get a spike in interest rates, is that going to be hot money to the policyholders? Are they going to take the money that they invested in a product priced at 1.85% and move it to a product priced at some higher interest rate, assuming interest rates move up? So we've been sensitive to that, but we have not observed it so far. What we've concluded is that if interest rates did spike, say from the 2% zone to the 3% zone, and you did get policyholder behavior to try to replace the old product with a newer product, what would be the impact on our net cash flow. And we've looked at it and if 100% of the people surrendered their products, it'd be a fairly low percent of our net cash flow that we would have to pay out as surrender values, we would not have to liquidate any existing investments and incur capital losses. Obviously, we would forgo investment income on those proceeds but we would have the benefit of the higher investment yields on the remainder of the new money. And so we think that on balance, that we're pretty good in that regard. At present, though, we are taking steps to limit the production of 5 pay [ph] WAYS just to be defensive for the future. Just a little insight in the product design, our current product has a surrender charge of about 30% of the ultimate value at the end of 5 years when the policy becomes paid up. And it's only when the policy becomes paid up that the cash value's 100% of the reserve. So you and I both know, from having lived through the annuity stuff in the '80s in the U.S, not nearly 100% of consumers surrender policies even if we've got higher interest rates in the environment. So I don't think it's going to be that extreme if interest rates spike. And I, to tell you the truth, I'd almost prefer that they spike to some extent. That's all.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I would think that with a [indiscernible] people would want to cash in their contracts.
Daniel P. Amos: You broke up a little bit, Eric. Tell me again.
Eric N. Berg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was saying that with the 30% haircut, I would think that very few people would want to cash in their contracts.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, that's what I'm saying. That's not going on today. We don't have any disintermediation occurring at the moment. We're just looking down the road, 5 years from now, on contracts we're writing today, what's our exposure to that. We're going to be sure that as part of our investment strategy, if we can work that in as an exposure, we want to try to integrate that into our strategy, even though, I don't think it's that big a deal at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel P. Dally - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Just on the 5 pay [ph] WAYS, where you're limiting sales. Can you clarify just how large a portion of your total WAYS sales that represents? Are there any other products where you're also looking at putting in caps? And was the margin on that product meaningfully different to your other WAYS products?
Daniel P. Amos: Nigel, I don't know if I caught all of that but let me address the margin portion of it. With regard to the 5 pay [ph] WAYS, clearly the margin is lowest when a policyholder surrenders at the end of the paid-up period or 5-year premium period. We don't get to hold the funds. We don't earn any more spread. We go ahead and have to pay out. So that's the lowest margin. But the policyholder does have the option to continue it under the life option. And the life option is kind of the medium version of profitability and that's the one we primarily focus on when we're quoting profit margins. They also have the option to convert to medical insurance at a specified age and we believe that the policies that do convert to medical will have more medical-like profitability going forward after that election date. The medical coverage would be obtainable at rates in effect at the date of the election but without regard to evidence of insurability. So that's the case. And then the other products are primarily designed to be paid up at a retirement age that the policyholder chooses, like 60, 65 and the like. So some of those are bought by people in their 50s and they're relatively shorter pay, too. But it's primarily the 5 pay [ph] that we thought we had some exposure on and we're trying to make sure we recognize the risk and built it into our planning.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Nigel, to give you a flavor for the impact of WAYS on our in-force, only about 2% of our in-force policy are WAYS. And of the WAYS sales this quarter, somewhere between 40% and 50% was the 5 pay [ph]. But remember what Dan said, we only started selling 5 pay [ph] during mid year last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Since you're sort of giving us a couple of, I guess peeks into more of the detail that you'll provide to us next month at the FAB meeting, I was hoping you could give us a peek at what you believe the return on equity is, or the differential in return on equity is for WAYS, let's say, versus your more traditional medical or cancer products.
Daniel P. Amos: Okay, John. I'll start that discussion. At a 2.5% yield rate, which is where we were at the beginning of 2011, we estimated that our ROE used in the statutory type investment target, our ROE would be about 20%. 20%, 21% on WAYS at the 2.5% investment yield. Now the required capital doesn't go down and it doesn't go up much with the change in the interest rate. So to the extent that the return goes down, the ROE's going to go down. So instead of a 21% return or 20%, you get closer to 10% at 2%. So that's kind of the overall flavor of that. Now you can say well, 10% ROE, does that exceed the cost of capital and then you have to start discussing, well, what kind of capital do you require to support that? And typically, we've thought of our yen-denominated Japanese products as requiring a lower cost to capital than U.S.-based production. And that could be the subject of discussion. But that's the concept, as equity, the invested equity doesn't change much, the return's lower, so the return on equity is lower.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then just as a follow-up, that's very helpful. Just as a follow-up, I think Robin, in response to Nigel's question, mentioned that only about 2% of in-force policies today are WAYS. Is that 2% of the actual policy count or is that 2% of your in-force premium?
Kriss Cloninger: That's policies and about 8% of the in-force premium today is WAYS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just as a comment, I guess the most important question would be at 2% to wherever you reprice WAYS. The question is whether the capital would be better used for share repurchase? That's just my 2 cents. But on that topic of capital in Japan, RGA's recent investor day, your former CFO of the Japanese operations, Allan O'Bryant, was talking about activity in Japan surrounding foreign companies doing reserve securitization. And apparently, the FSA accounting for life products is even much more conservative than you, than the statutory requirements used here. I was wondering if you guys can comment on that and were possibly looking at such a transaction?
Kriss Cloninger: All right, Steven, I'll handle that. You are correct in that the FSA accounting and reserving standards are more conservative than both U.S. statutory standards and U.S. GAAP standards. So the surplus strain of the -- is significantly larger on an FSA basis than it is on a U.S. statutory basis and we're going to give you some more detail on that, again, at the FAB meeting. I will say that not necessarily because of that directly, but because of our interest in demonstrating our ability to take steps to protect our solvency margin in Japan, we did choose to enter a reinsurance agreement at the end of fiscal -- March 31, 2012, for FSA reporting and we did choose to enter what essentially is a surplus relief financing reinsurance arrangement with a company to reinsure the new business production or a portion of the new business production for our major health products. We realized a ceding [ph] commission that would be recognized as income on an FSA basis and go to surplus on an FSA basis of about JPY 19 billion. And that essentially is a financing transaction, Steve. And it's not recognized as risk sharing reinsurance for either U.S. statutory or U.S. GAAP and therefore it's ignored on those bases. But the FSA does recognize that as reinsurance arrangement for FSA reporting purposes. And we did it not because we needed the surplus relief this year, but we did it partly to demonstrate that we could do it and that we had the mechanics in place in the event that we ever felt like we needed it. And it would constitute a buffer to the solvency margin ratio in the event of a significant increase in interest rates that would cause our available-for-sale assets to be carried into somewhat lower value on the balance sheet than they are today.
Daniel P. Amos: I want to make -- go ahead, you all finish that and I got one other comment on that ...
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, I was going to say, I was kind of interested if there was anything or if you were looking at anything on the life side as opposed to the health side?
Kriss Cloninger: [indiscernible] I mean, the health side is still a substantial amount of our new business and the profit patterns on the health business are -- they've been there for years and years and years. It was easier for the reinsurer to get comfortable with that quickly than it was on the new life products.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Fair enough.
Daniel P. Amos: Steven, I want to make one comment, when you said about the 2%. The only comment I want to make is I want to be clear, we're not satisfied with the 2%. That's the reason we're going to be filing for lower interest rate assumptions. We agree that, that's not where we want to be and either a, the rates have got to move back up. But in the meantime if they don't, then we're filing for lower. And then in addition to that, we're hoping that Eric and his team will find things other than JGBs to be buying that will give us higher investment yields that will help offset that, too. So let's just -- I just want to be very clear that we're not at all happy at 2% but -- and we'll be looking for ways to enhance that, the profit margin, going forward.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, I understand that, Dan. My point simply was, is that, that all in, that -- where you're priced at all in, I think the key is that you can do better than buying back your stock at 6x earnings.
Daniel P. Amos: Right. I got it.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you. We're almost at the top of the hour so we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Yes, I just wanted to follow up on the repricing question. Do you require FSA approval to change the pricing on the WAYS product? And I guess, I'm a little surprised that with the interest rates where they are in Japan, that the FSA hasn't imposed pricing increases as they had in the past.
Kriss Cloninger: I'll give you a little color on that, Joanne. The FSA reviews the pricing activity for all the large companies. They do permit us to price within a range of interest rates and the like. And the reference interest rate is generally referred to as the standard interest rate. The standard interest rate has been 1.5% since, I think it was 2001, maybe 2002. But the standard interest rate is determined based on an average of 10-year JGB auctions, recent auctions. And there's a mechanical formula that dictates when the standard interest rate gets changed. And I think we're approaching the point where if the 10-year JGB stays at less than 1% for a number of months, then it's possible that the standard interest rate would be decreased to 1%. And that would be effective for reserving all new business written in Japan and that would tend to incentivize companies to change rates so that they could avoid excess reserves associated with policies priced at interest rates in excess of the standard valuation interest rate. So that's what Dan referred to, as everybody will probably move at once. And that's probably what we would react to. We do have some pricing flexibility, with respect to other portions of our products, such as the interest rate used in the discounted advance premium fund and the like that we have some more discretion with respect to and we're evaluating. Obviously, we can't speak for the FSA, I'm just giving you color as to what my understanding of the general situation is. But I know that we consult with the FSA when we're going to reprice products.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Okay. And I just want to ask one unrelated question to this, really for Paul. The recruiting in the first quarter in the U.S. was pretty weak. Can you just comment on that?
Paul S. Amos: Recruiting in the U.S. was up 0.6%. We still had a larger quarter than we did any of the 4 quarters in 2011. I feel comfortable with the number of recruits that we had in Q1. Obviously, we're looking to lever that number up over the longer term. But to be honest with you, Joanne, I think that our career channel is focused on a balance between growing our new agents as well as the strong success that we've had out of our veteran agents and then really, the growth side of the U.S. continues to be the broker market. And so I'm less concerned about the recruiting numbers at this time. And I think there are strong reasons for continued growth going forward.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Okay. Thanks very much. If you'd like to follow-up with any questions, my colleague Tom McDaniel and I will be here, so please e-mail us or call us and we'll be glad to follow-up on anything. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you at the analyst meeting in May.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Toru Tonoike - President of Aflac Japan and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company Robin Y. Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel P. Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Aflac and Chief Executive Officer of Aflac W. Jeremy Jeffery - Chief Investment Officer and Senior Vice President Kenneth S. Janke - Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chairman of Disclosure Committee
Analysts: Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Joanne A. Smith - Scotia Capital Inc., Research Division Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor Relations.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President of Fixed Income; and Toru Tonoike, who's President and COO of Aflac Japan, who's joining us from Tokyo. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some statements in the teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they're prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the U.S. I'll then follow-up with a few financial highlights for the quarter and the first 9 months, and then we'll be taking your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased with Aflac's overall financial and operational performance in the third quarter. I believe we've established a solid foundation toward achieving our annual operating earnings growth and capital strength objectives. I'll begin this morning with a review of our operations in Japan. Aflac Japan generated strong financial results for both the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year. Revenue growth in yen rose 4.8% for the quarter and 4.1% for the first 9 months. Although investment yields declined on new money, we saw solid earnings growth for the quarter and for the first 9 months. We are particularly pleased with the tremendous sales momentum in the quarter. The new annualized premium sales rose 22.2% to JPY 42.3 billion for the quarter, which significantly exceeded our expectations. Even more impressive, production in the third quarter set all-time quarterly records. For the first 9 months of the year, total new annualized premium sales rose 13.9%. Third quarter bank channel sales by far exceeded our expectations, generating JPY 14.5 billion in production. That represents an increase of 146.6% over the third quarter of 2010 and a 90.7% increase over the second quarter of 2011. Bank sales in the third quarter accounted for 34.4% of total sales. We are proud of Aflac Japan's outstanding sales results. This is particularly true following the challenges from the devastating earthquake and tsunami. Keep in mind that for several months after the disaster, Aflac Japan shifted sales and marketing resources. That included relocating both people and budget from the nonbank channel to the disaster-stricken areas. Some of the negative impact from this natural disaster that held back our traditional sales force was masked by the strong bank sales in the second and third quarter. Let me remind you how the bank sales progressed. As I mentioned, we believe that more banks would step up their effort in selling Aflac products once other banks experienced success, and that's exactly what happened. While shinkin and regional banks were early adapters in terms of selling our products, we've seen new annualized premium dramatically increase in the mega banks who started selling the products. These strong bank sales reflect Aflac Japan's impressive ability to develop relevant products such as WAYS, our unique hybrid whole-life product, that appeals to banks and Japanese consumers alike. WAYS has been a primary driver of Aflac Japan's remarkable sales increase. As you are aware, the average premium for our WAYS policies sold through the banks, the primary distributor and outlet for the product, is about 10x the average premium for the cancer and medical product. That makes WAYS a very strong contributor to Aflac Japan's top line growth that has contributed to the continued rapid growth of bank sales in 2011. WAYS generated a third quarter sales increase of 362.8% for the same period in 2010 and a 99.3% over the second quarter of 2011. Sales of WAYS accounted for 31.7% of Aflac Japan's total sales in the third quarter. Without the discounted advanced premium option where policyholders pay all their premiums upfront, the profit margin for WAYS is about 14%, which is more than double the profit margin for child endowment. With the discounted advanced premium option, WAYS profit margin is enhanced around 18%. It's important to note that 90% of the customers at the bank elect to pay premiums upfront through this payment option. Sales of cancer insurance were solid, particularly WAYS (sic) [DAYS], the new base cancer product introduced in March, WAYS Plus (sic) [DAYS Plus], which upgrades older cancer policies. In the third quarter, new annualized premium for the cancer insurance rose 8.5%. What's even more telling, however, is the number of cancer policies sold on a stand-alone basis increased an impressive 32.7%. Clearly, the success of DAYS has been somewhat overshadowed by the lower average premium, which is about 15% less than the older base policy. The premium difference is largely due to the fact that the new policy does not have cash surrender value option. As our traditional sales force focused on selling the new cancer product, medical sales declined. Despite this decline, the medical category still accounts for 25 -- 20% of our total sales. Importantly, we maintained our position as the #1 seller of cancer and medical products in Japan. That affirms Aflac's reputation as a strong product innovator and trusted brand. The solid platform we've established with these 2 pillar products has allowed us to leverage our competitive advantages, such as branding and administrative efficiencies. As anticipated, third quarter sales of child endowment product continued to decline for the second consecutive quarter, posting a decrease of 8% in the quarter. For the remainder of the year, we expect child endowment sales to continue declining as the distribution channels focus on selling WAYS and our new cancer product, DAYS. Also keep in mind that we're selling the child endowment product for more than 2 years, so we've already cycled through the first major pass at selling this product to the most eligible targeted, marketed families with young children. As we look to the remainder of the year, if sales in the fourth quarter are flat to the fourth quarter of 2010, our expectation would be that sales would increase 10.1% for the year and I am confident we will achieve that or better. Now let me turn to the U.S. operation. We are very pleased with Aflac's U.S. performance from both a financial and a sales perspective. Revenues rose 4% for the quarter and 3.7% for the first 9 months. Persistency continued to be strong. While earnings growth was down slightly for the quarter, earnings for the 9 months grew 2.7%, which was in line with our expectations. Aflac U.S. generated a 5% increase in new annualized premium sales for the quarter and a 5.7% increase for the first 9 months. These results had benefited significantly from the addition of group products to Aflac U.S. product portfolio. In fact, group product sales have exceeded our expectations for both the third quarter and the year. Our sales and marketing areas, which are more closely aligned than ever, have synchronized their efforts by creating strategies that continue to benefit our sales results. You will recall that in January, we rolled out Smart Launch, which is a coordinated sales and marketing effort. With these campaigns, we analyze our existing accounts to determine which accounts are most likely to need a particular product. We then align our field force resources to strategically and effectively target these accounts with that product or products. Following the success of the first quarter launch of our dental product, we rolled out the Smart Launch to promote critical care and recovery product mid-second quarter. As a result, sales of the critical care and recovery were up 11.9% in the third quarter. We will maintain this successful initiative to promote more products. On the distribution side of the strategy, field force recruiting continued to benefit from targeted national advertising campaign, generating a 10.4% increase in recruits for the third quarter. This marked the third consecutive quarter of double-digit recruiting gains, generating an 11.4% increase for the first 9 months. Also, our distribution strategy has grown through the addition of group product platforms, which has also helped us make inroads into the growing our market initiatives with brokers. It's too early to say we turned the corner. However, I believe that given the challenging economic environment, our success in expanding our distribution network and achieving a sales increase of more than 5% for the first 9 months is outstanding for the U.S. Now let me update you on Aflac Incorporated results. Overall, we're pleased with Aflac's consolidated performance. Operating earnings per diluted share rose 14.5% to $1.66 for the quarter, an increase of 15.4% to $4.86 for the first 9 months. Excluding the benefit of the stronger yen, operating earnings per diluted share rose 8.3% for the quarter and 8.1% for the first 9 months, keeping us in line with the 2011 earnings per share objective of an 8% increase before the impact of the yen. Our better-than-expected results in the quarter benefited from the continued expense management, especially in Japan. Turning to our investment activities. I want to update you on what we've accomplished in the third quarter. As you will recall, we stated in the second quarter that we believed our proactive investment de-risking program is largely behind us from a realized loss perspective. That assumed that we live in a static world. However, we obviously operate in a dynamic economic environment, which means we need to be especially vigilant in monitoring our portfolio, and this is exactly what we've done and will continue to do. Let me remind you how successful we've been in substantially de-risking our investment portfolio from January of 2008 and the end of the third quarter. Over this period, we have dramatically cut our holdings in foreign and financial investments in the PIIG (sic) [PIIGS] countries from 5.9% to 2.4% of the total portfolio. We've also lowered our investments in perpetual securities from 14.7% to 7.4% which is about half. I'd like to point out that none of the perpetual securities we currently own are in the PIIG (sic) [PIIGS] countries. Additionally, our investment in financial exposures have been meaningfully reduced from 42% to the total of 28% in the portfolio. I also want to update you on some of the steps that we've taken to mitigate interest rate risk impacting our solvency margin. First of all, we sold a portion of our JGB holdings classified as available for sale. We then purchased the same amount of securities and placed these purchased securities as held to maturity. Furthermore, all new money purchased of the JGBs this quarter have been placed in held-to-maturity category. Recognizing that our economic environment is continually evolving, we are paying particular attention to the investment governance through enhanced risk management and investing policies. We will continue to closely assess the securities we hold and if we determine they are no longer appropriate for the investment portfolio, we'll take action and move them off the balance sheet. With both operating segments doing well, I've devoted most of my time this year to the investment area. Our objective is for Aflac to be a world-class investment organization that pays particular attention to the needs of the insurance operations through the effective ALM and capital adequacy management, as well as the expectation of shareholders through investment income growth. It goes without saying that this objective is in the best interest of the policyholders. The changes prompted by the financial crisis has highlighted the need for the enhanced global analysis and state-of-the-art investment systems. In response to this, our priority is to add to the talent of the investment management team and improve the overall investment function. At the Financial Analyst Briefing in May, we told you as far as our investment function goes, everything was on the table. We felt the first thing we needed to do was to hire a Global Chief Investment Officer. Ultimately, out of 100 candidates we screened, we selected Eric Kirsch. Through his 3 decades of industry experience that includes Bankers Trust, Deutsche Asset Management and Goldman Sachs, Eric has proven to be a very strong team builder and leader. I think that having the expertise and presence on the ground in New York is an integral part of Aflac's future investment success. Eric understands the investment risk and the challenges we face, and we think he's an excellent addition to the Aflac team. He officially joins Aflac on November 1. And we expect that by the time we release fourth quarter earnings, he will have evaluated the investment function and be able to expand on Aflac's future global strategy. Now let me make a few comments about our capital position. As we've communicated over the past several years, maintaining a strong risk-based capital or RBC ratio remains a top priority for us. Although we have not yet completed our statutory financial statements for the third quarter, we estimate the RBC will be within the range of 500 to 540 at the end of September. Additionally, we estimate that the solvency margin ratio will be within the range of 555 to 575, based on the revised calculation methods for the quarter ending September 30, 2011. These strong capital ratios demonstrate our commitment to maintaining financial strength on behalf of the policyholders and the bondholders. Our strong capital position has enabled us to increase our cash dividend to shareholders for the 29th consecutive year. I am very pleased with this action by the Board of Directors, which increases the cash dividend by 10%. Our objective is to grow the dividend at a rate that is in line or somewhat better than the earnings per share growth. I believe dividends are an important component of the value we provide to investors. Another way to reward shareholders is through share repurchase program. In the third quarter of 2011, we purchased 1 million shares, bringing the number of shares purchased for the first 9 months to 5.1 million. We anticipate purchasing 6 million shares in 2011. And in 2012, we anticipate our share repurchase activity will increase. With 3 quarters of the year complete, we continue to believe we are well positioned for another year of solid financial performance. Our earnings outlook for the year remains unchanged. Our objective is an 8% increase in earnings per share, excluding the impact of the yen. As such, we expect fourth quarter earnings per share, excluding the impact of the yen, to increase 7.6%. Our fourth quarter earnings will be impacted by higher expenses, particularly in marketing and IT initiatives, following 3 quarters where we've held back on the spending, particularly in Japan. Looking ahead, I want to reiterate our expectation that 2012 operating earnings per diluted share will increase 2% to 5% on the currency neutral basis. We anticipate this 2012 earnings per share objective will establish a new baseline for earnings growth. This 2% to 5% range reflects the integration of investment losses and the low interest rate associated with the proactive investment de-risking program on a GAAP basis. Remember, we told you we believed our proactive investment de-risking program was substantially completed in the second quarter, and we continue to believe that today. I am already looking for 2013 and beyond when we expect the rate of earnings growth to improve over 2012. Hopefully, all the major de-risking is over. I am very pleased with Aflac's financial and operating results for the quarter in the first 9 months. And I can tell you the global financial challenges that we've seen, especially with the changes in the investment environment, have only served to reenergize my enthusiasm as CEO of the company, and I still wouldn't trade places with anybody as CEO in the world. Robin?
Robin Y. Wilkey: Thanks, Dan. Let me briefly go through some third quarter numbers starting with Aflac Japan. Beginning with the top line, in yen terms, revenues were up 4.8% for the quarter. Investment income was up 0.9%. The persistency rate improved in the quarter with the annualized rate, excluding annuities, for the first 9 months of 2011 at 94.4% compared with 94.1% a year ago. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to the total premiums rose slightly over the year. It was 70.0% in the quarter compared to 70.4% a year ago. The expense ratio for the quarter was 18.7%, down from 19.2% in the third quarter of 2010, reflecting a delay in spending on several projects that will be started later in the year, including IT and marketing initiatives that Dan alluded to. Reflecting the lower benefit and expense ratios, the pretax profit margin rose slightly from 21.2% to 21.7% in the quarter. With the expansion of the margin, pretax earnings increased 7.5% in yen terms. For the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen securities at 2.12%. Including dollars, the blended rate was 2.26%. The portfolio yield was 3.42% at the end of September, down 9 basis points from the end of June and down 22 basis points from a year ago. Now let me turn to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 4.0% for the quarter and the persistency rate improved significantly and was about 76.0% in the quarter. The annualized rate for the 9 months was 75.9%, up from 72.6% a year ago. The increase in persistency in large part reflects a return to a more normalized number following the loss of a large account at the end of 2009, resulting in the lower-than-usual persistency numbers throughout 2010. In looking at operating ratios for the quarter, the benefit ratio to total premiums increased over last year. It was 59.1% in the quarter compared to 58.1% a year ago. The higher benefit ratio is largely the result of increased claims in the quarter, reflecting a return to a more normal utilization rate after claims in Q1 and Q2 were unusually low. The operating expense ratio increased slightly, going from 30.5% a year ago to 31.1%. IT and other expenses increased slightly during the quarter in line with our expectations. The profit margin for the quarter was 16.4% compared to 17.7% a year ago. As a result, pretax operating earnings declined 3.8% for the quarter. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 5.77% versus 5.69% a year ago and the yield on the portfolio at the end of September was 6.72%, down 4 basis points from the second quarter and down 24 basis points from a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. As you will have read in the press release, we will adopt the new DAC guidelines on January 1, 2012. Based on December 31, 2010, the retrospective adoption of this accounting standard will result in the estimated after-tax cumulative charge to the company's retained earnings of approximately $500 million to $700 million, or 4.5% to 6.3%, of shareholders' equity as of December 31, 2010. We also estimate the adoption of the standard will result in an immaterial increase in income in '11, '12 and all the preceding years impacted by the retrospective adoption. These numbers largely reflect the nature of our business with our sales associates being 100% commission-based, and approximately 70% of our DAC expenses that we capitalize are commissions. The remaining 30% is associated with administrative costs. And of these administrative unit costs, 75% of these will continue to be capitalized under the new DAC guidelines. Noninsurance interest expense in the third quarter was $44 million compared to $37 million a year ago. This higher interest expense primarily reflects the impact from our debt issuance of $750 million senior notes 2010 in 3Q 2010, and the Samurai notes that we issued in July of this year. Parent Company and other expenses increased from $11 million to $15 million in the third quarter. Total company operating margins showed a slight increase, reflecting improved profitability of Aflac Japan, and pretax margin went from 19.4% to 19.6%. After-tax margin improved slightly from 12.7% to 12.8%. On an operating basis, the tax rate was 34.5% compared with 34.6% a year ago. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $1.59 compared to $1.46 in 2010. Realized net investment after-tax losses were $0.07 per share this quarter compared to $0.01 share gain in 2010. During the quarter, we realized investment gains of approximately $200 million net of tax from the sale of several securities, including the remaining holdings of our Portuguese financial institutions; a portion of our U.S. Treasury holdings that we've sold; and a part of our swap program with JGBs in which we sold a portion of JGBs that were classified as available for sale, repurchased these and put them in held to maturity. We also had $108 million net investment realized losses attributable to impairments of certain debt and perpetual securities. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 14.5% to $1.66. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.09 per diluted share for the quarter. Excluding the yen impact, operating earnings per share increased 8.3% for the quarter. Lastly, let me comment on the earnings outlook for 2011. As you've heard Dan say, we reaffirmed our objective for 2011 of an 8% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen. With that in mind, if operating earnings per share increased 8% for the year and the yen averages 75 to 80 for the remainder of the year, the fourth quarter, we would expect operating EPS to be, for the fourth quarter, $1.45 to $1.52. Now that compares to First Call estimates of $1.55. Remember what Dan said. In both the U.S. and Japan, we expect IT expenditures related, and also marketing and advertising expenditures to increase substantially in the fourth quarter. Using the same foreign currency exemption also, we would expect for the year operating earnings will be $6.30 to $6.37 per diluted share. Now we're going to turn to your questions. To be fair to everybody, please remember to limit yourself to one question and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. Now we'll be able -- we will be happy to take your one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to touch base on the Japan sales growth outlook. First, I just want to clarify, when you're talking about 10% new sales growth, that's for all of Japan for 2011. Is that correct?
Daniel P. Amos: That is correct.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned potentially flat sales growth overall in Japan for the fourth quarter of 2011. But given the momentum in WAYS, we're doubled on a linked quarter basis in the third quarter. It would have to drop by a significant amount in 4Q. Is that what you expect?
Daniel P. Amos: I think what you want to know is, if fourth quarter equals third quarter, which was the biggest quarter in the company's history, sales would be up 14% for the fourth quarter, which would give us a 14% increase for the year. I'm not willing to commit to that. What I do believe is we will exceed last year's production, which at the beginning of the year I didn't think we would be able to do. Now how much better we'll do than that, I'm not sure. But that gives you a range to know.
Operator: Our next question is from Randy Binner of FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just on the credit side, I was wondering if the recent European deal could affect how statutory impairments are taken, and what I mean is there maybe haircuts locked in over there. I don't think those haircuts relate to bonds you own directly, but there is a difference generally associated with the hybrids between GAAP and statutory impairments. I just wanted to get some color if the situation over there now may change the way that the GAAP versus stat works in the credit portfolio.
Kenneth S. Janke: Randy, this is Ken. Let me start the answer on this and we'll see where it goes. Just as a reminder, the different impairment treatments for perpetual securities is on a GAAP basis only and it's purely price based. So it will largely depend on how the perpetual Tier 1 and upper Tier 2 assets are valued in the market on a go-forward basis. There were a couple of the securities, one in particular, that we would have impaired under the equity model this way -- this quarter, but we did have credit concerns, which is why we took credit impairments for -- on a GAAP, FSA and a stat basis. So I think it's a little bit too early to see how this all plays out. We're all certainly encouraged that there was a deal struck and that they're continuing to work the problem. Fortunately for us, we don't have any direct Greek exposure any longer. But again, we'll just have to monitor it. I don't think it will have any direct impact though on how we take the impairments unless the credit views change.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's great. And a quick follow-up, is there an update that you have on the overall difference in the hybrids between GAAP and the stat impairment?
Kenneth S. Janke: There -- I don't have that number in my head. I'd have to -- we'll have to get that and I'll ask Robin to pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Spehar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Kriss, I was hoping you could provide some more detail on the outlook for free cash flow for the company, not just this year and next, but sort of on a more normalized basis. And I think there is some controversy about the relevance of U.S. statutory earnings for dividend capacity for the company. And so I was wondering if you could give us some sense of how to think about this. And just free cash flow, meaning, what you could use to buy back stock and pay dividends over time.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. Ed, let me just start out with that and I'll try not to make the answer too long. But let me kind of say that our current outlook is that we will spend and -- I think you're getting primarily to share repurchase. As you know, we declared an increase in dividend of about 10% this quarter. That's going to take our dividend expenses paid out of the parent to around $600 million a year. Recall that we haven't changed the dividend at all since the financial crisis started. We've increased the dividend every year and share repurchase has been the variable in our utilization of free cash flow. Historically, pre-financial crisis, our share repurchase commitment approximated the amount we were able to get out of Japan via profit repatriation. And I think that the amount of profit repatriation will continue to be a primary driver of the funds available for share repurchase. Now to some extent, statutory capacity and profit repatriation are highly correlated. Japan does form the substantial percentage of our statutory earnings, but there are some things that we are not able to allocate to Japan like corporate interest expense and shareholder dividends that are funded in large part out of statutory cash flow, not counting profit repatriation. So let me just say that in our minds, we correlate proper repatriation and funds available for share repurchase quite significantly. I was pointing out to Robin just this morning that 2007, we repurchased about $575 million of stock, and we basically doubled down in 2008 and bought almost $1.5 billion when you guys convinced me we had excess capital, late 2007, early 2008. And then the financial crisis hit and everything changed. And when we started taking realized losses on investment securities, that impacted FSA-basis earnings and stat earnings and all earnings. And we had to cut back on profit repatriation and therefore, we had to cut back on share repurchase. And we didn't do any share repurchase in 2009 and not again until the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2010. We have resumed share repurchase in 2011, as you well know. And this year we intend -- we expect to buy about 6 million shares and spend about $300 million. Next year based on our current best estimates, we anticipate repatriating somewhere around JPY 45 billion, which at today's exchange rate should approximate about $600 million. And we would expect to commit that amount to share repurchase. Now I'll say I want to get away from quoting a number of shares. I'd rather go toward dollar amounts because -- at current exchange rates, so to speak, because the share price has been volatile. And I'll let you guys make an estimate of what you think the price we buy is going to be, the price per share, so I'll let you determine the number of shares. But guidance as far as share repurchase at, say, the mid-70s in the yen-dollar exchange rate is going to be around $600 million or better stated, on a yen basis, about JPY 45 billion. In 2013, we think we can double approximately our profit repatriation to about the JPY 90 billion to JPY 95 billion level. So what that means is that we'll be able to double share repurchase between 2011 and 2012, and double it again in 2013. Right now, that's the best guidance I can give you. And I thought about trying to get into the details behind all this but, Ed, I'd need a 1/2 hour session with flip charts and all that, and they won't give it to me right now.
Edward A. Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up, is that level of -- if you think about that level of repatriation in 2013, is that a normal level? I mean, when we think about cash flow, how do we think about a normal free cash flow level relative to what we see, which is the U.S. statutory earnings number?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, I would say it's relatively normal. I think it's somewhat conservative perhaps. Keep in mind that our past allocation or distribution of free cash flow has been roughly somewhere between 1/3 dividend, 2/3 share repurchase, or maybe a 70-30 split. So I think you can think of normal share repurchase as being approximately twice our dividends, assuming that we have no substantial increase or no substantial investment -- additional investment losses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on that, Kriss. That was $1.2 billion in 2013, maybe $600 million in 2012.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes. That's right. Or Steven, I said really JPY 45 billion and roughly JPY 95 billion in '13 is our current target.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I'm going to cheat here and I'm going to ask another little follow-up from the first question. Maybe Toru could address this. But the sales in Japan, the mega banks, I guess I'm wondering how much of this is really, like when the insurance companies first came into the market, low-hanging fruit for the mega banks. And then how do you kind of think about that relative to expansion, if you will, to even more branches, because you're still not in any way, shape or form saturated the number of branches to the best of my understanding.
Toru Tonoike: Let me answer to your question this way. Out of the third quarter this year, about 80% of the total branches of mega banks have sold at least one policy per month. And that sounds -- may sound a large number, but if you think about that, one policy during the month is not a big number. And mega banks employees are getting very used to that, selling insurance products. So I think there's a lot of potential in the future.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if I may just for Jerry. Jerry, can you talk to Dexia, not necessarily what you did there but kind of the process? I'm interested because I'm having a hard time figuring out what exactly was guaranteed and whether or not this may be a template going forward for other banks that may need help.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Well, in Dexia you picked a particularly complex example, but our exposure to Dexia has been included in the Dexia Bank Belgium part of the agreement. And as you may know, there are 3 separate entities that are emerging from the Dexia organization. Dexia Bank Belgium is actually now a bank which is owned by Belgium, and it is a deposit-taking institution. It is not the so-called bad bank, which migrated into the French -- a couple of the French agencies picked that up. So it's still very early days but the characteristics of it is, this is a Belgian-owned banking institution and a deposit-taking institutions, which we view as a positive step.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, I get that, Jerry. I guess my question is, is there some type of visibility with regards to how the types of debt that you have there are being treated? For example, I've had people tell me that everything is guaranteed. You would expect a -- well, you can't do it under GAAP, but you would expect a write-up as opposed to a write-down. And obviously that didn't happen. So I'm trying to figure out how exactly your debt will be treated by Belgium or the European common market, whoever it is.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Well, there's no visibility that the debt will be guaranteed by the government, if that's what you're after. And it's owned by the government but not guaranteed.
Kriss Cloninger: Steven, our accountants are really -- they don't let us write things up that have been impaired either. So we don't get that benefit.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, no, I understand that, Kriss.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay.
Daniel P. Amos: And Steven, one last thing on the sales for the bank, especially the mega banks. We've got one mega bank that's coming on strong in the fourth and first quarter. And then we will have pretty well covered the mega banks to a great degree. Toru said they can continue to grow but your question was, did they -- is it a surge? And the answer is yes. The surge is going on right now to some degree.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Kligerman of UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In the press release, there's a quote that goes, "The outstanding sales results" -- and we're talking about Japan. "The Outstanding sales results in 2011 will create difficult comps in 2012." And I'm wondering if I should read into that, that maybe sales might even be down in 2012. Is that the right read?
Daniel P. Amos: No. It's just too early for us to tell at this point, because I don't know what the bank channel is going to pull in, in the fourth quarter. And what I'm saying is, is that the third quarter came in so much better than we ever dreamed with the 22% increase, that we're trying right now to gauge that and it'll take us. But I'm putting on notice that the comps are so difficult that it creates some issues for us that we're worried about. And so we'll have to monitor it and see. But I do expect it continue to be strong in the fourth quarter and certainly the first quarter because remember, they set their objectives on a 12-month basis. It starts April 1, so they won't tell us what their projections are. But I can say that what their projections were, they far exceeded what they thought. And so I will have to look to the bank channel as a separate channel going forward. I think, as I mentioned, the nonbank channels, a lot of the expenses that occurred -- because remember, 5% of our production came from the affected area. We put a lot of additional funds and resources there to help the people, so we had to tighten the budget in other places. We continue to let the money flow at the bank channel. So I expect next year, not to have that resource issue in terms of money. So the nonbank channel -- so we're going to break the 2 out for you to let you look at it. And hopefully, we'll have a lot better insight on the fourth quarter conference call to be able to tell you what 2012 looks like. Toru, do you have any other comments?
Toru Tonoike: No. I don't think so.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And so then, with the WAYS product now becoming what appears to be the leader in terms of Aflac sales, 10x the premium of the other products you mentioned, that 14% to 18% margin there, it's lower than your other products. So when I look at the total benefits divided by total revenues in Japan, you're at 59.6. A year ago you were at 59.6 again. Should I assume that we're kind of done with the improvements in this benefit ratio, that we're going to see something a little flatter or even maybe going up?
Kriss Cloninger: I think in line with our guidance that we provided at the FAB meeting, we said the 2012 benefit ratio might go up between flat and 50 basis points. We have had more production of WAYS than we built into our projection, but probably less child endowment. And child endowment was the biggest drag on that benefit ratio improvement. WAYS though does have a benefit ratio that's higher than health, but its profit margin is a lot closer to health than child endowment was. So what I think is, you're going to see some modest deterioration in the margin, I wouldn't expect more than 1%, but somewhat faster increases in revenue than you would otherwise have seen if we were producing only health business. And it is adding to the total profit of the company and I think our profit guidance is remaining unchanged, and we do expect 2013 to be on an uptrend.
Kenneth S. Janke: Andrew, this is Ken. Just another side to that, remember that with the higher premium life contracts like child endowment and WAYS, the expenses are lower as a percentage of revenues. So somewhat offsetting the higher benefit ratio will be a lower expense ratio, which is why you won't see too much change in the margins.
Daniel P. Amos: And just to prove that we're moving away from the child endowment, one of the mega banks that has just decided to go full-blown for us, we've encouraged them to just introduce WAYS and not fool with child endowment, and they agreed to do so. So there's an example of where we're shifting to the product that could be 18%. Because remember, I said 90% of the policies that are sold with WAYS in the banks are sold with the advanced premium. So that's going to be much better for us that they won't be fooling with that. So we're gradually moving away from that. But we haven't stopped it -- the endowment because we still write with WAYS an endowment for every policy we sell. Or I should say for every 5 policies we sell, we add a cancer or a medical with it.
Operator: Our next question is from Colin Devine of Citi.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm wondering if we could talk a little bit about the other sales channels in Japan, both the affiliate, corporate and then the individual independent. In your traditional sort of corporate agencies, I guess they've now declined for the 14th consecutive quarter. Perhaps you can talk a little bit about what's going on there. And is that just a channel that perhaps run its course? And then the other one, on the individual independents, it seems pretty much every quarter now, the tails are growing at a much slower pace than associates. And I'm not sure what's happening there unless what you're reporting as licensed associates may also include the bank reps. Maybe we can just get some clarification.
Daniel P. Amos: Toru, you want to start on that?
Toru Tonoike: Yes, let me comment on that. The traditional agents, both corporate and -- affiliated corporate and individuals, are not doing very well this year. They're affected to some extent by the earthquake and the tsunami which happened in March this year. As Dan mentioned, 5% of our business came from that affected area. And that -- a major part of that 5% was used to be sold by these traditional agents. That's one reason. And also, after the earthquake for some period of time, their business was disrupted through that limitation on the usage of the supply of the electricity and the disrupted traffic lines, et cetera. And so this year -- and also many of the corporate affiliate agents lost their opportunities to do the group marketing, typically done in early April. So many factors have affected them negatively this year. So if you take out those negative factors, I think their performance this year is not -- is better than it seems to be. So we're trying to reenergize the corporate affiliates as well as the individuals. So hopefully, they can start growing again in the next year and going forward.
Daniel P. Amos: And I was looking up, the number of individual corporate agencies hit an all-time high in the third quarter to 18,091, so that's from 17,759 in the second quarter.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And I thought the corporate affiliates were at 1,862. Isn't that what's in the...
Daniel P. Amos: It's individual and independent corporate. Corporate affiliated are 1,862, which is down slightly but...
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So they're the ones that have shrunk for 14 quarters, and I was just trying to understand what was going on there.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, I think that to some degree, the other distribution channels have had some impact on them, that creating this is not new now, but the individual agents certainly affected it to some degree and then the bank channels affect it to some degree as well. So I think all of that together has had some impact. But I've said our greatest asset is probably a liability in terms of percentage growth with the corporate agencies, because it was so big in the early years that it doesn't play as big a role today.
Kenneth S. Janke: Colin, this is Ken. A couple of the other factors that have influenced it, remember that the affiliated corporate agencies largely sell to very large payroll accounts. And those -- employment at those accounts really has not increased materially during the time that Japan's economy has struggled, but our penetration rates have steadily risen. So it's not the market that it used to be in terms of large employers. And we've also had privacy legislation there like we have here that has made it a little more challenging to conduct the kind of campaigns we did in the 80s and early 90s. And that's why we had shifted a lot of our distribution to those that have more face-to-face contact with ultimate customer, including the individual agents and now the bank channel.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the question about the number of licensed sales associates, does that include the bank reps, because I'm trying to reconcile the [indiscernible] there?
Daniel P. Amos: No, it does not include the bank reps.
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Why do you think that sales associates have been growing so much faster, and this has been just a trend for many years, than sales?
Daniel P. Amos: Why do I think what now?
Colin W. Devine - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The number of sales associates generally grows significantly faster than sales through the...
Daniel P. Amos: Because I think the economy -- people don't have jobs as easily and they're willing to look at going to work on a commission basis, whereas they wouldn't have considered it when you had higher employment.
Kenneth S. Janke: Well, and remember, too, Colin, when we recruit an agency, that agency will have multiple licensed sales associates working there, so it gets magnified. If you hire one agency, you may get 6 or 7 salespeople out of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein of Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Maybe just to rightsize this issue that I think Andrew was asking about. If the margin on WAYS is 18% with advanced premiums, what is the comparable revenue margin on new sales for cancer and medical products?
W. Jeremy Jeffery: It's close to -- it's mid- to low-20s.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Mid- to low-20s. And then I don't recall you addressing this. If you did, I apologize for missing it. But in the second quarter, you talked about the cash at the holding company and the tax issue related kind of the lack of foreign tax credits from the Japan business, and there was a column that the holding company cash, I think, net of the debt is around, call it, $700 million. Can you just give an update on where are we at with the holding company cash position? And how do we like frame out this issue around taxes and foreign tax credits?
Kriss Cloninger: All right. Well, I did talk to the tax guys. And what we determined was that if we not had the de-risking that we had in the fourth quarter of 2010 and in the first quarter of 2011, our profit repatriation would have been some higher by roughly $875 million, and our federal tax payments out of Aflac U.S. would have been lower by about $450 million. So we're talking about a net impact on available cash to the live company at the U.S. level of roughly $1.325 billion. Now as you said, the holding company had, as I recall, roughly $700 million in cash. The share repurchase we've done and the dividend we paid in the third quarter came primarily out of holding company cash. We had a little bit of leftover yen proceeds out of our most recent Samurai offering that we did convert to available cash for the holding company in dollars, but order of magnitude that's kind of what's it's been.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: How much cash do you have at the holding company right now?
Kriss Cloninger: Between $400 million and $500 million.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And should we look at that $400 million to $500 million as largely kind of an amount to deal with this tax issue? Or do you see that as above and beyond that amount?
Kriss Cloninger: No. That's over and beyond that. We deal with the tax issues at the live company level because that's where the taxes are assessed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Smith of Scotia Capital.
Joanne A. Smith - Scotia Capital Inc., Research Division: I just want to shift the focus a little bit back onto the U.S. Just I'd like to get a sense of what the competitive dynamics are in the market right now, and also if you could address where the biggest source of the growth from the independent agencies or agents in terms of the group products. But what is the actual average-sized organization that you're paying or that you're bringing on in that operation?
W. Jeremy Jeffery: I can first address the competitive landscape. We have seen a tremendous number of new entrants attempting to come into the market, primarily entrants that are attempting to leverage themselves out of major medical or at least open up new facets of their business as a result of continued pressure on margins with medical loss ratios continuing to go up, as well as the broker market continue to push certain companies to offer those products so that they can raise their total revenue they're taking in. That said, we don't think it's had an adverse affect on our sales in any way. In fact, we believe that our recent competitive focus, especially on our traditional competitors, has worked very well for us. And we believe that, if anything, the additional companies coming into our industry will help raise the overall penetration of the market rather than creating market share wars. So I feel good about our competitive positioning at this time, and I think that, that has been buoyed to a great extent by our ability to compete in both ends of the market. The acquisition of CAIC, as Dan said in his speech, has exceeded our expectations both for the quarter and for the year, and so Aflac Group is doing very well. We have a minimum group size there of 100. We make rare exceptions to that. So the average case size that we're writing in Columbia is north of 100. We don't actually give out specific numbers, but I'll tell you that we focus on selling accounts that are really 500 and over in that particular market. And again -- was there any aspect of your question, Joanne, that I missed?
Joanne A. Smith - Scotia Capital Inc., Research Division: No. I'm just trying to get a sense because I know that there's a lot of companies that sell employee benefits, 401(k), et cetera, and they've been trying to move into the voluntary market. And I'm wondering what you're seeing from those competitors. I understand about the major medical players, but I'm looking more towards the insurance, similar to more your company, where they haven't necessarily had a big presence in the voluntary market before.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: We're not seeing -- I mean, I'm really not seeing anything. It doesn't mean they're not winning cases and that they're not creating relationships, but in terms of our 70,000-plus agents who are out there -- and I've just come back from our national convention being with all of our top people from across the country, and I did not hear one thing about new competitors or entrants that were outside the major medical field.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a relatively simple question, I think. Setting aside sales comps, would you prefer to have $1 of sales today or tomorrow?
Kriss Cloninger: I'd always rather take $1 today.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes. I would, too.
Robin Y. Wilkey: If you all want to follow-up with any questions, please call us in the office and we'll be here. And thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Aflac and Chief Executive Officer of Aflac Toru Tonoike - President of Aflac Japan and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan Paul Amos - Director, President of Aflec, President of American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus, Chief Operating Officer of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac U S Operations Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company W. Jeremy Jeffery - Chief Investment Officer and Senior Vice President Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Thomas Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Unknown Analyst -
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor Relations.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Jerry Jeffery, Senior VP and Chief Investment Officer; and from Japan, we have Toru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan. Before we start this morning, let me remind you that some statements in the teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they're perspective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly report for some of the various risk factors that can materially impact our results. Now I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the U.S. Afterwards, I'll follow-up with a few financial highlights for the quarter and the first half of the year, and then we'll be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased with Aflac's overall financial and operational performance in the second quarter. I believe we've established a solid foundation toward achieving our annual operating earnings growth and capital strength objectives. With half the year behind us, we believe we have substantially completed our proactive investment de-risking program from a realized investment loss perspective. I'll give you more details later, but first, I'll begin with a review of our operations in Japan and the United States. Aflac Japan generated strong financial results for both the second quarter and the first 6 months of the year. Revenue growth rose 3.7% for both the quarter and the first 6 months. In addition, our pretax margin continued to expand, resulting in solid earnings growth for the quarter and for the 6 months. We are particularly pleased with the continued sales momentum in the quarter. New annualized premium sales in yen exceeded our expectations and rose 6.6% to JPY 36.1 billion for the quarter, which was a record for the second quarter production. For the first half of the year, total new sales rose 9.4%. These results are even more remarkable when you consider that Aflac Japan overcame challenges resulting from the most destructive and devastating natural disaster in Japan's history. With the expanding bank channel in mind, Aflac Japan has developed innovative products that align well with the product needs of banks. Bank sales continued a strong growth trend with sales of JPY 7.6 billion, which represents an increase of 95.6% over the second quarter of 2010. Sales through banks accounted for more than 21% of the total sales for the second quarter. I'll mention how we believe more banks, mega banks, in particular would step up their efforts in selling Aflac products, and that's exactly what we've been seeing. At the end of June, Aflac Japan was represented by 367 banks or more than 90% of the total number of banks in Japan. While many banks have agreed to sell our products, turning that agreement from ink on paper into sales does not happen overnight, especially with more than 20,000 branches representing 367 banks. It will take some time to facilitate training at all these locations. But we're continuing to see sales steadily improving at many of these bank branches as training continues and the banks expand their offering of Aflac's products. In many of these banks, sales representatives have gained experience at selling our products, and their confidence level in sales ability has also grown. WAYS, which is especially popular with banks, was again a key driver to the growth in the second quarter. You will recall that WAYS in our unique hybrid whole life product that can be converted to a fixed annuity, medical coverage or nursing care benefits when the policy holder reaches a predetermined age. WAYS has been a phenomenal sales growth story, and in the second quarter generated an increase of 190.7% compared with the second quarter of 2010. Consumers find WAYS attractive because of its guaranteed principle and future flexibility of its benefit options. Banks like to sell this product because of the high premium and attractive commissions. And Aflac's profit margin on WAYS is more than double the profit margin for child endowment. On top of that, the profit margin is significantly enhanced even further when the policy holders elect to pay all their premiums upfront through the discounted advanced premium option. Importantly, 90% of the company's customers at the banks choose this type of payment. As our banking channel becomes a greater contributor to our top line growth, we expect sales of the innovative and flexible products to grow significantly in 2011. With respect to child endowment product, as we expected, sales decline posting a decrease of 1.4% for the quarter. Furthermore, we have already seen sales of child endowment decline so far in July, and we expect sales of child endowment to continue to decline significantly for the remainder of the year. First and foremost, as we told you, we are shifting our focus from selling child endowment towards selling WAYS and our new cancer product, DAYS. Second, having sold the child endowment product for 2 years now, we've already cycled through major first pass at selling our child endowment product to the eligible target of families in young people. At this range [ph], the remaining growth will primarily come from newborns, bearing in mind that Japan's birthrate is low. And finally, the government's towns and cities [ph] that initially helped fuel demand for this product is being re-evaluated for possible reduction or elimination. As such, we expect child endowment sales to diminish. The foundation of the product portfolio has been and continues to be our cancer and medical products. Importantly, we maintained our position as the #1 seller of cancer and medical products in Japan, which confirms the continued popularity and demand for our innovative policies. Following the March 2011 introduction of DAYS, cancer insurance sales increased 12.4% for the quarter. The enhancements to this new base policy speaks to the changing landscape in cancer treatments, as well as our commitment to remaining the #1 provider of cancer insurance in Japan. Sales of cancer insurance accounted for 24.4% of the total sales. I don't think when the earthquake and the tsunami struck, followed by the nuclear issue, that anyone would have believed Aflac Japan sales would be up 6.6% for the second quarter and 9.4% for the first 6 months. This is a remarkable achievement and I am extremely proud of Aflac Japan. As I've told you, following 2 years of strong sales results, the same comparisons get tougher as the year goes on, especially in the fourth quarter of 2011. However, with better-than-expected sales results in the first and second quarter, we are upwardly revising Aflac sales target to achieve flat to up 5% sales increase. Now let me turn to our U.S. operation. We are very pleased with Aflac U.S. performance from both a sales and a financial perspective. Aflac U.S. generated a 5.9% increase in new annualized premium for the second quarter, and a 6.1% sales increase for the first 6 months. These results have benefited greatly from the addition of group products to the Aflac U.S. product portfolio. We are especially encouraged to see that the production from veteran agents continued to increase. Additionally, we continue to see crossover where Aflac's career agents embraced group products. To me, it boils down to giving our customers the choice between group and individual products. When it comes to selling group versus individual products, I've told our entire U.S. sales force many times that I'm product neutral. I don't care whether they sell group or individual products, but I do want both products to be offered at the work site to employers with more than 100 workers. That's because we don't offer the group product upfront, you can bet someone else will. I truly believe that if the employer wants group products and hears Aflac offers them, they'll choose Aflac over the competition. And that is proving to be true. As you'll recall from both group and individual policies, we started driving sales earlier this year through specific product pushes called Smart Launches. Through these coordinated sales and marketing efforts, we look at the existing accounts, particularly those accounts most likely that need a particular product. We then align our field force resources strategically and efficiently target these accounts. Our first Smart Launch was held in the first quarter and focused on promoting dental product. Building on the success of that effort, dental sales increased 44.1% over the second quarter of 2010. Our second Smart Launch promotes the critical care recovery product, which was previously called a specified health event product. Because this Smart Launch begins in the middle of the second quarter, it's too early to quantify its full impact, but we're excited about how our sales is embracing both the product itself and the Smart Launch. On the distribution side, our strategy, we've said many times before that today's recruits are tomorrow's sales. Field force recruiting continues to benefit from a targeted national advertising campaign, generating a 10.2% increase of recruits for the second quarter and 11.9% for the first half of the year. We believe improved Aflac's U.S. sales, not only reflect our intense focus on supporting our field with enhanced products, including group products, but also reflects better resources and training that helps our sales force better approach selling in the current environment. We will continue to help our entire distribution network, new and veteran agents, as well as brokers, with ways they can improve their performance, because they are essential part of our strategy and our success. We continue to believe the U.S. is a vast and accessible market for our products, and we are building our business with that potential in mind. We also believe the expectations at Aflac U.S. sales growth for 2011 will be flat to up 5% is reasonable. Our sales and recruiting trends are working in our favor, and I feel even better today than I did at the Analyst Meeting in May, and I'm optimistic that these trends will continue. It's clear that the addition of the group product platform and our growing broker initiative only served to enhance our ability to leverage Aflac's brand to reach more customers, large and small, across the United States. Now let me update you on Aflac Inc. results. Overall, we're pleased with Aflac's financial performance. Operating earnings per diluted share rose 15.6% to $1.56 for the quarter, or 15.6% or $3.19 for the first 6 months. Excluding the benefit of the stronger yen, operating earnings per diluted share rose 7.4% for the quarter and 8% for the first 6 months. Consistent with the company's previous stated proactive investment de-risking objectives, net earnings in the second quarter included pretax realized investment losses of $668 million, or $453 million after-tax, which is $0.96 per diluted share. During the second quarter of 2011, we sold investment securities with an amortized cost of $1.5 billion, resulting in a realized pretax loss of $182 million. The most notable sales in the quarter included several transactions that lowered our exposure to Peripheral Eurozone Holdings (sic) [Securities]. In addition, the company impaired certain securities resulting in a pretax loss of $528 million. These impairments included exposures to 2 Portuguese banks. As a result of our proactive investment de-risking program, Aflac has significantly reduced Peripheral Eurozone, Perpetual and Financial exposures on an amortized cost basis. As the world stands today, we believe we have substantially completed our proactive investment de-risking program from a realized investment loss perspective and we are comfortable with the current holdings in our below investment grade securities. Our unrealized loss position and below investment grades was $470 million at the end of the second quarter out of $93 billion in investment portfolio. The last time our unrealized loss position in this category was that low, was 2008 pre-financial crisis. Let me tell you that if we thought there was a question with the remaining below investment grade holdings, this would have been the quarter to have taken the action by either selling or impairing them. The strength of our capital position has allowed us to pursue our proactive investment de-risking program to further strengthen our balance sheet and enhance shareholder value for the long term. As we have communicated over the past several years, maintaining a strong risk-based capital or RBC ratio remains a top priority for us. Although we've not yet completed our statutory financial statements for the second quarter, we estimate our RBC ratio will be within the range of 480% to 520% at the end of June. Additionally, we estimate that the solvency margin ratio will be between 520% to 535%, based on the revised calculation methods for the quarter ending June 30, 2011. In Japan, even with significant proactive investment de-risking program in the second quarter, our preliminary solvency margin ratio calculation shows a slight improvement over the solvency margin of 512% for the quarter ending March 31, 2011. We are comfortable with this level, and absent a significant change in the market such as a sudden spike in interest rates, we anticipate it will improve. We also believe these ratios, our overall financial condition prove solid support to our single A credit rating. As you'll recall, 2010 marked the 28th consecutive year of a dividend increase. Our objective remains to increase the cash dividend, generally in line with the earnings growth before the impact of the yen. The board will again evaluate the dividend increase later this year, but I am confident we will extend our consecutive annual dividend increases to 29 years. Additionally, you'll recall that we resumed our share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of 2010. We purchased 1 million shares in the second quarter, bringing in the total number of shares purchased for the 6 months to 4.1 million shares. We anticipate ending up at the low end of the 6 million to 12 million shares repurchase target in 2011. Despite the challenges of the low interest rate environment especially in Japan, we now have 2 good quarters under our belt. Additionally, we believe we've substantially completed our proactive investment de-risking program from a realized investment loss perspective. From an operational standpoint, I think we've done a very good job in managing our expenses. But keep in mind, as the year progresses, we anticipate increasing our spending, particularly on marketing and IT initiatives. Taking all those factors into consideration, I want to reaffirm our 2011 objective of growing operating earnings per diluted share at 8%, excluding the impact of the yen. Looking ahead with this clarity and the year half completed, we expect 2012 earnings per diluted share to increase 2% to 5% on a currency neutral basis. This upward revision to our 2012 earning objective assumes no additional significant investment losses and no meaningful decline in interest rates. Furthermore, once the effects of the proactive investment de-risking program and low investment rates have fully integrated into the financial results, we would expect the range of earnings growth in the future years to improve. I'm pleased with Aflac's overall results for the quarter and for the 6 months. And I can tell you the global financial challenges we've all seen, especially in the changes in the investment environment, have only served to re-energize my enthusiasm as the CEO of this company. And I wouldn't trade places with any other CEO in the world. And now, let me turn the program back to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. Let me get through some second quarter numbers starting with Japan. Beginning with the top line, in the interim's revenues were up 3.7% for the quarter, investment income was down 5% for the quarter. But excluding the impact of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income, net investment income declined 0.9% in the quarter. The annualized persistency rate, excluding annuities, was strong for the first half of 2011 at 94.3% compared with 94.0% in 2010. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total premiums that declined slightly to over last year, it was 69.9% in the quarter compared with 70.0% a year ago. The expense ratio for the quarter was 19.2%, down from 19.9% a year ago and a pretax margin remained stable at 21.1% in the quarter. Pretax earnings increased 3.4% for the quarter in yen terms. For the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen securities at a rate of 2.16%, including dollars. The blended rate was 2.67%. As part of our strategy to address the low interest rate environment in Japan, we made dollar denominated purchases totaling $1 billion in the quarter, the total amount purchased through the end of June 2011 was $2.5 billion. The yield on these investments through June 30 was 4.72%. The portfolio yield was 3.51% at the end of June, down 5 basis points from the end of March and 20 basis points lower than a year ago. Next, I'll turn to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 4.0% for the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the first half of the year improved significantly and it increased to 75.2%, up from 71.1% a year ago. Persistency in U.S. was higher as a result of a return to a more normalized rate in 2011 after the decline of persistency in 2010 from the loss of a large account. Looking at our operating ratios for the quarter, the benefit ratio to total premiums was 57.0% compared with 57.1% a year ago. The operating expense ratio declined from 31.3% to 31%, reflecting a delay in spending on several projects that will be started later in the year. The profit margin for the quarter was 18.4% compared with 17.7% a year ago. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 5.72% versus 6.11% a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of June was 6.7%, down 8 basis points from the first quarter and 28 basis points from a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. In June, we issued JPY 50 billion in the Samurai bond market, totaling JPY 50 billion or approximately $625 million. Noninsurance interest expense in the second quarter was $41 million compared with $31 million a year ago, primarily reflecting our debt issuance in the second half of 2010 of $750 million. Parent Company and other expenses declined slightly from $16 million to $15 million in the second quarter of 2010. Total company operating margins rose, reflecting the improved profitability of Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S., both for the second quarter. Pretax margins rose slightly from 19.3% to 19.5%, and the after-tax margin increased slightly from 12.6% to 12.7%. On an operating basis, the tax rate was 34.6% compared with 34.7% a year ago. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.60 compared with $1.23 in 2010. And realized investment losses were $0.96 a share this year compared with $0.12 in 2010. During the quarter, we realized investment losses of $453 million net of tax. $118 million were attributable to the sale of our holdings primarily in the various Peripheral Eurozone, Perpetual and Financial Securities. $343 million resulted from our impairments primarily in the Peripheral zone, Perpetual and securities of the financial sector. We also had a $27 million net after-tax investment gain associated with foreign exchange impact and primarily passive derivative activities. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 15.6% to $1.56. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.11 per diluted share for the quarter. Excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per share increased 7.4% for the quarter. Lastly, let me comment on the earnings outlook for 2011. As we mentioned in our Analyst Meeting in May, given the continued low interest rate environment, especially in Japan, along with our concentrated efforts to de-risk the portfolio, we expect to increase operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen by 8%. Assuming an 8% increase in operating earnings per share, we would expect to earn $5.97 on a constant currency basis. If the yen averages $0.80 to $0.85 for the third quarter, we would expect operating earnings to be at $1.54 to $1.60 per diluted share. If we achieve our objective of 8% growth and the yen averages $0.80 to $0.85 for the full year, we would expect operating EPS to be somewhere in the area of $6.09 to $6.34 per diluted share. Now, we will turn our attention to your questions. To be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one question. And if you would first state your name and your company. We'll begin taking questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the Jeff Schuman of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I wanted to talk a little bit about the issue of sort of cash positioning. You've bumped up the 2012 guidance range a bit and it sounds like that has a lot to do with greater clarity about capital position, the fact that you've done the heavy lifting on the portfolio. So that kind of clarifies the capital position. But there's also been this issue in terms of how you'd be positioned with cash. I'm wondering if you can talk about sort of stat earnings for this year, how you're set up in terms of regular dividend capacity for next year, and maybe what the holding company cash position is post the recent yen debt rate.
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss, and I'll get into that for you, Jeff. The cash position right now at the holding company is good after the recent debt offering. We've got roughly $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion. We have to make the payment on the maturing Samurai notes of about $400 million in September. So let's anticipate that and say we've got about $700 million or so with the Life company -- I mean at the holding company. Having gone through the substantial bulk of the de-risking process from a realized loss perspective, we're now looking at our tax projections for the remainder of 2011 and doing cash flow planning for 2011 and '12. Let me just say that from a cash perspective, tax is a significant item that we have to look out for and watch because the realized losses are deductible for tax purposes in Japan, and we get a tax benefit from them. But in the U.S., in the consolidated return, we don't get to take a tax benefit for realized losses unless we have offsetting realized gains. So what happens from a cash perspective is that you reduce your income in the FSA statements in Japan, you get a tax benefit for it. It reduces the normal repatriation that occurs between Japan and the U.S. But in the U.S., we've got to pay the same amount of tax we would have paid if we didn't have the realized losses. So with a lower foreign tax credit, it means more cash is going out of the U.S. And so we've got a cash management exercise in front of us, and we're running through the numbers as we speak. We'll say that we're doing some -- developing some mitigation strategies that we can use to generate capital gains that we can use to offset some of these realized losses that are otherwise not deductible for tax purposes. And as you know, in the statutory accounting, a lot of the taxes were handled pretty much on a cash basis. There are some nominal deferred tax credits and the like that you can take advantage of but we pretty much reached the limit on our admissible deferred tax credits on the statutory. And so we're looking more at statutory taxes being incurred on a cash basis. That didn't totally answer your question in terms of numbers, but I don't have the numbers at the moment because we are finalizing the statutory results and running through the tax planning process. But we are very pleased that we think we've got the bulk of the losses behind us. I think it'll fare well for us not having to offset the strong operating earnings by realize losses for RBC purposes, for solvency margin purposes and the like. And ultimately, our cash position will improve even more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I would like to follow up on this line of questioning. I guess one of the disappointments at the fab meeting, I think, was the view that we got from management, that de-risking and share repurchase were mutually exclusive exercises, at least to some extent. And I guess, if we look at where we are today, you're saying that de-risking is substantially done, and also if we update the uncommitted cash flow analysis that you gave us at the fab meeting, the number you came up with then was, I think, $565 million for this year. But that assumed no refinancing of debt. So now we've got $625 million that's coming in that was not assumed in that calculation. So the uncommitted cash at the holding company now is around $1.2 billion or twice what you guys had said at fab. So I understand the tax management and everything else, but I also know that there's extraordinary dividend capacity. If you needed to do that, I'm sure you could probably do that. $1.2 billion of uncommitted cash at the holding company at current share price, which happy to say is 5% higher than it was yesterday, is 26 million shares. So I was wondering if you can maybe, Kriss, go in a little bit more detail on this, because I think this was obviously a point that a lot of people were focused on.
Kriss Cloninger: Ed, let me say that if we left the impression that share repurchase and financial de-risking were mutually exclusive, then we miscommunicated. They're very closely linked because they directly affect our ability to generate earnings on a statutory basis, and our dividend capacity is -- normal dividend capacity is controlled by statutory earnings, less realized losses. And we think...
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry, Kriss, can I stop -- sorry, Kriss. I meant when I said mutually exclusive, I meant that you couldn't do both at the same time. That if you were de-risking, you weren't going to be buying back a lot of stock.
Kriss Cloninger: Oh, well, you're correct, and that's the point I was trying to make. So to me, they're directly linked. And when we were at the fab meeting, we, quite frankly, weren't totally sure what the level of financial loss associated with de-risking would be, but we aggressively pursued it, not only after fab but before fab. We did a lot of de-risking in the first quarter and we followed it up with more in the second quarter. So now we've got more visibility. And so that outlook for share repurchase is significantly improved. And I'll be able to give you a better update, Ed, on anticipated share repurchase activity after we complete this cash management exercise we're going through now trying to project our tax position and our cash position and our statutory earnings for the remainder of 2011, taking into account the realized losses that we incurred this quarter. I can say that from an earnings perspective, we don't need to do a lot of share repurchase in the remainder of 2011 to make our earnings target. And we're somewhat -- we're always conservatively biased when we're looking at meeting our earnings estimates and certainly significant levels of share repurchase bolster earnings capability. Part of the reason we raised the guidance for 2012 from 0 to 5 to 2 to 5 was we kind of eliminated some of the murkiness associated with the cloud around how much realized loss we would end up taking as part of de-risking, and how much share repurchase we were going to be able to do. I put out there in assumption that we might do no share repurchase in 2012. But I think that's off the table now. We'll definitely be able to do some share repurchase if our operating assumptions are met. But whether we're in a position to apply $1 billion or $2 billion to share repurchase, we just hadn't determined yet. But those are still pretty high numbers, because we do still have a fairly uncertain outlook, I think, as far as other economic developments. I mean, we've got to get the stupid debt deal done in the U.S. for one thing, and who knows how that's going to affect world markets. But we've assumed that as of this day, and with no materially adverse economic developments, we're going to be in good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: Can I get a better color on the trends in recruiting agents? You had a nice move in the first quarter, recruits up 13.5%, 10% plus in the second quarter. And the licensed agents year-over-year are flat right now, the licensed sales associates. So I'm wondering, if you maintain this double digit recruiting pace, where do you think the delta will be in licensed sales associates over the next 12 months? And if you maintain this recruiting pace, where do you think sales can go next year, single-digits, double-digits?
Paul Amos: This is Paul. Let me begin by talking about recruiting. I must tell you that licensed sales associates is a number that we publish, but it's not a number that I manage our business from. As I've said in years past, really beginning about 2005, focused more on average weekly producers, the ability to produce the amount that's being produced is kind of the 2 factors that drive our business. I think Tom and our sales team, working with our marketing team, has done an awesome job of turning around our total recruiting. And I think it's 2 consecutive quarters of great recruiting. It really began back in the end of the third quarter of last year when we set the initiative, began communicating it. I told you at that time, it would take a period time to begin to get it turned. The combination of focus on that topic as well as our DRTV and some of the things that we've done that generated incredibly good results, and I'm very happy with where recruiting is. What I do want to see longer-term is that, that recruiting generates both new associate premium, as well as average weekly producer growth over the long term. I'm less concerned about the number of licensed agents. It's not how many people have a license, it's how many people are actually selling our products that makes a difference for us.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: So with the weekly average producers kind of flattish in the first half of the year, are you concerned about that? I mean, I know Dan was saying today's recruits are tomorrow's sales. I really like that. So the recruits are big. Do you think that...
Paul Amos: It's a time lag, Andrew. It's a time lag. I mean, my expectation is although there is no guarantee that as we move forward, if things are moving in the right direction that average weekly producers should begin to grow. And so recruits happen first, we would train them, we'd get them into production and eventually they'll begin to make headway on moving toward being a part of our average weekly producer. So our recruit and train model should begin to generate that.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Investment Bank: [indiscernible] [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Our next question...
Paul Amos: No. No, he got cut off. Let me finish. I don't know if you can bring him back but if not, I'll just finish the second part of his question. He asked about the sales. And I think it's a fair question. What I told you at the end of last quarter was we had one data point. We now have 2 data points, and I would much rather see 3 and 4 before I begin to make predictions. Am I happy with where we are? Yes, I'm very happy with where we are. If you take the first quarter and you take out the additional day, it drops it from 6 back to 5, and if you take the extra day and add it to the second quarter, it takes it from right at 6 and moves it to 7. So I'm very happy, I think the second quarter was better performance than the first quarter in terms of what I think, and I'm hoping to continue to see things move. Again, this is only our second big year in group business. We don't know how the fourth quarter is going to pan out. We continue to see positive signs as we move forward. But the fourth quarter number from last year is a large number. So I want to see where things go. I think some time in October, if not January, I'm going to feel comfortable really talking about things, but I think it would be a mistake not to say that momentum is extremely high. I've been traveling around the country meeting with our sales associates, they seem extremely optimistic. And I think that what we've done with our product portfolio has put us in a place that combined with our product marketing to be very successful going forward. But it's too early to say that the turn is completely in when you've got the economic factors where they are. We've dealt in the last few years with the economy being very difficult. I know this morning we got a good report on jobs supposedly, but in reality, we're not seeing jobs as optimistic out there in terms of small businesses as they were 180 days ago. So I want to see what's going to happen. I think our team is executing well with some performance places. We can continue to do better. But at the same time, there are economic factors that continue to hang over us, and that overhang will dictate how high we can go both the remainder of this year, as well as sales in 2012.
Operator: Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Had a question on the Aflac Japan's benefit ratio. It looks like the pace of the child endowment sales is slowing, and it sounds like it will continue to trend lower in the second half of this year. Just per the Japan benefit ratio guidance for 2012, if we think back from the financial analyst briefing in May, what level of child endowment sales did that contemplate, and how does that compare with the decline in child endowment sales that we're seeing?
Kriss Cloninger: Darin, I think that the financial sales projection anticipated some decline in child endowment sales. I don't have those sales projections directly in front of me. But I believe that our actual experience is probably somewhat lower for child endowment sales than we had in the projection, partly because Dan and I have been directing Aflac Japan to reduce promotional efforts on child endowment and to increase promotional efforts on both the new cancer product and the WAYS product. And so we're trying to re-emphasize the desirability of selling the higher margin products. It's really the lower child endowment margin that's been driving the benefit ratio up some, and the overall margin preventing the expansion at the same level we've seen in the past. So we think the trends are moving in the right direction relative to selling higher margin products. Let me just leave it at that.
Daniel Amos: Yes. The only other comment I would make is on top of all the disaster issues sales, trying to all of a sudden get your sales force to also change one of the products they're selling makes it difficult. But they've achieved it, and what you don't see is you see that sales were down 1.2% in endowment for the quarter. But what you don't see is that April was up, May was down and June was down even more, and our tracking for July shows it's even down even further. So they have definitely shifted. I give our management team at Aflac Japan credit for that. And as I've said, there are other reasons for that. It's an older product. It's been out there 2 years. And basically, they've made a pass at everybody, and now it's only the newborns. And in addition to that, there's a question of whether or not the government will even keep it or certainly reduce it. So all in all, I feel real good that that's in place in the second half. We're going to move on to WAYS which I've mentioned has more than 100% increase in the profit margin over the endowment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Crédit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG: Just a question on the de-risking. Just so I'm clear on where things are likely to go going forward, Dan, it's the comment that your investment losses from a realized loss standpoint are pretty much done here. Is that because you don't have any intention to further de-risk peripheral Europe because you still have Italy, Spain and some Irish exposure? So should we take that comment to mean you don't intend to sell those down at all? Or is it because you do potentially expect to sell some of those positions down, but you just don't think you're going to have meaningful losses?
Daniel Amos: I think we don't think we'll have meaningful losses. The one point that I wanted to make in that speech was that this is the time that we ought to hit everything we could. I mean we met and then we met again on -- look, if we've got it clean the house out, get it over with. And we have 4 others that we considered that were below investment grade. And we came to the conclusion that they were good. There was senior your debt on a couple of them. And so we made that decision that we thought they were all right. So to the best of our ability, unless there's some dramatic change, we think the majority of the losses are over. That isn't to say there may not be some small amount here and there or profit here and there. But I think it's basically over, and that's what we were trying to do, was end it by the second quarter. And we think we've achieved that provided there isn't any major issue that comes forward in the future.
Thomas Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG: And so, Dan, should we take that to mean there won't be any more meaningful sales? Or is there still likely to be meaningful sales, but you just don't foresee substantial losses?
Daniel Amos: I think we'll evaluate each position and look at it from an optimistic perspective of what we think might be out there. Certainly, we moved away and changed our focus to where -- as you know, we've moved away from financials. You've seen that cut dramatically. You've seen us move away in terms of the PIIGS and not made any investments there. So the numbers, as a percent of the portfolio, continue to drop and will continue to drop going forward. If we were offered opportunities to change investments in other areas, we'll evaluate it and see what it offers. We are truly going through a restructuring now, and viewing ourself from a pre-financial crisis to a post-financial crisis of our investments. And everything's on the table of looking at what will be our best strategy going forward to manage this company. And I really believe our operational issues are minor. I think we're running on, especially consider the economies, I think we're doing great operationally. So my biggest issue out there is investments. And we have a board that has an investment committee that is very laser-focused on this. And you're going to see us concentrating and giving more information to keep it as transparent as we can, everything we're doing and how we're doing it going forward.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just say that I think Dan said we're looking at things from an optimistic point of view. He really meant opportunistic.
Daniel Amos: I'm sorry.
Kriss Cloninger: That was one thing that I kind of tripped over there. But we're looking at things from an opportunistic point of view, being able to do the right thing at the right time. Otherwise, that was a strong statement.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I wanted to take you back in time a bit, and maybe you could give us some perspective. Kriss, you alluded earlier to the folks in Washington and some risks we've got here. And you and Dan and others at Aflac were in your positions or at least in senior positions when Japan lost its AAA rating some time ago. So I was wondering if you could -- given that experience, if you could give us some of the lessons you learned from that event, how did it impact Aflac's results if at all. Any observations that might be helpful to us in thinking of what a U.S. downgrade from AAA to AA might mean.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, I don't believe it had any significant effect on us directly, John. I know that we were rated AA at the time and the rating agencies told us that we couldn't be rated higher than the government of the country where we had our principal operations. And so that was one indirect effect. It really had no significant effect on JGB yields that I was aware of. I'd say the yields went up somewhat, but so did the [indiscernible] went up a lot when Japan got down rated. So I just alluded to the budget dilemma in Washington because my big concern is not so much the effect on our U.S. Treasuries but what overflowing effect it might have to Europe and even Japan, particularly if it impacted interest rates in Europe or economic conditions in Europe, which I doubt that it would. But anyway, we don't have any specific major concerns about the budget dilemma in Washington. I just used that as an example of economic uncertainty that seems to crop up every day.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. I appreciate the color. And just one real quick one for Jerry, if I could, just thinking about the exposure that remains to Spain, both sovereign and financials, as well as Italy, can you just give us your current perspective? I mean, since the end of June, clearly CDS spreads have widened. Those remain, at least relative to your equity base, still pretty meaningful exposures. So any update there?
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Look, I think they are meaningful exposures, but I think a lot of context needs to be applied when you look at these exposures. Take Spain, for example. Of our government exposures, 70% of those exposures have below investment grade put language. And that is a provision that's unique to the exposures we've negotiated. In our non-government, non-financial exposures in Spain, about 50% of our electric utilities, which is really the major component of our exposure to nongovernment spending exposure, have leveraged and/or interest coverage covenants of our nonutility industrial exposures, [indiscernible] about half of them have below investment grade puts on them. There's a lot of the context, it's not immediately evident when you look at our exposure to Spain. It's a similar situation in Italy. I would point out, in Italy, our financial exposure in Italy is extremely low. It's $183 million and that is senior indebtedness, and I don't think anybody is looking at burden sharing for senior debt, particularly in view of the recent releases as a result of the Basel III pronouncements of last week. We do have direct exposure to the government of Italy, which we're comfortable with in our utilities and industrials. Our utilities exposure in Italy of over 70% of those exposures have below investment grade put language. And our industrial exposure about 15% have a similar covenant protection to what I just described in Spain. So in the aggregate, it's not enough to just look at what the numbers are, but what the protections are that we have and individual credits that are nongovernment in both countries we're very comfortable with.
Operator: Our next question was from J. Gelb [ph] of Barclays Capital.
Unknown Analyst - : I wanted to touch base on a few things. First on the outlook for new sales in Japan. It essentially implies that you're looking for a 4% to 5% year-over-year decline in the back half of 2011 to get to your guidance. And looking at past trends, it doesn't appear that link new sales in Japan always decline in the back half. So I'm just trying to understand why you feel you might be down year-over-year in the back half?
Toru Tonoike: Yes. We made the projection earlier for the remainder of the year, we assumed that -- we think that factors into the consideration, and particularly that ones we are concerned. And now we didn't change those numbers in each country, but the more we see that the actual sales conditions, we are simply getting more comfortable with the projections. So that's why we increased that projection to some extent.
Daniel Amos: I think the other comment I would make, it's the fourth quarter we're worried about. The third quarter, I think, will have a nice increase. But I think the fourth quarter, our numbers were so big. I think it was the biggest quarter in the company's history.
Robin Wilkey: Two fourth quarters in a row, so we have 2 years.
Daniel Amos: And that's our real issue. If we know that -- it's not the trending down us much as it is the comparison to the previous years. So we'll have to watch it and see. But there's no trend that we think is changing in terms of the projection of our sales going forward. It's simply the comparisons of the year before that's our worry.
Robin Wilkey: And comparisons to the year before that. The fourth quarter in 2010 and 2009 were record-breaking quarters.
Unknown Analyst - : I see. Okay. And then more broadly, is it fair to say that pretax operating earnings growth for the U.S. could be faster going forward than Japan in local currency?
Kriss Cloninger: Right now, our projections for '11 and '12 have been growing at approximately the same rate. It is possible that U.S. could start growing faster than Japan because more of the U.S. premium income is first year premium, as opposed to -- it's about 33% first year in the U.S. compared to about 9% first year in Japan. So the U.S. is more reactive to changes in new sales and earnings directly follow or in premium. So it's possible that if U.S. gets good new sales, that'll convert to premiums over the course of the year and the growth rates could be faster in the U.S. than Japan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Question for Paul. Paul, the group has gone great through the agents. I was hoping that maybe you could talk to or maybe give some indication of what kind of traction you're getting in brokerages.
Paul Amos: Steve, that's be great to talk about it. You're right. The field force we did comment on in Dan's comments, it was doing extremely well in selling the group products. And I think that has been the greater surprise to us. I think all along, we assumed that group products would sell well through the broker market. As I've said, since we launched our broker initiative really going full time in 2009 and all the implementations we've made, things continue to go in the right direction. We're moving. We're growing and we're seeing positive growth in that. I feel confident that we continue to build these relationships. Relationships on the local level have long since been something Aflac has done. We wrote almost $200 million for several years, leading up to launching of our broker initiative. The relationships at the regional level are coming on faster. It's just a level of our ability to get in and out of the brokerage offices. And then relationships on a national level have done well in terms of our procurement on the corporate level, and now we're beginning to move them down toward the producer level. So do I feel good about what's going on? I think we're executing a plan, I think we're moving in the right direction, I think we could always continue to find ways to operationally improve. But I'm still confident that the group business will continue to be something that opens up the broker market for us. And our agents that are selling that business is really just icing on the cake in terms of our ability to grow. But it just -- we really point that out to you all to show you more that the group business isn't a single channel move. It's something that applies for both the broker channel, as well as the field force channel, and has really reinvigorated a lot of things in our business.
Robin Wilkey: Okay, I think we've reached the top of the hour. So I'd like to thank everybody for your questions and participating this morning. If you'd like to follow up with any questions later on, we'll be in the office today, and give us a call. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Aflac and Chief Executive Officer of Aflac Kenneth Janke - Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Chairman of Disclosure Committee Toru Tonoike - President of Aflac Japan and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan Paul Amos - Director, President of Aflec, President of American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus, Chief Operating Officer of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac U S Operations Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc. Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, our Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and Toru Tonoike, President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan, who's joining us remotely from Tokyo. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward looking within the meaning of federal securities guidelines. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed. We encourage you to look at our quarterly report for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now I'll turn our program over to Dan, this morning, who's going to begin with some comments about the quarter and our operations in both Japan and the U.S. I'll follow up with a few financial highlights for the first quarter, and then we'll be glad to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, Robin. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I hope you've had a chance to review our first quarter press release. I'll comment on our operations in Japan and the United States. But first, I'd like to discuss what's been going on in Japan over the last 6 weeks. Clearly, the earthquake and tsunami on March 11 and the subsequent nuclear situation presented Japan with one of the biggest crises it's ever faced. The whole world watched helplessly through television and social media as devastating pictures and news coverage of the disastrous situation unfolded. We've been operating in Japan for more than 35 years. If there's one thing we've found in developing such close ties in Japan, it's that the Japanese people are resilient. And when I visited Japan the week after the earthquake, I saw this resilience. Our employees are safe, our business operations are running, and we do not expect any material impact on claims or earnings this year. Life is moving forward for most Japanese citizens and so is our resolve to be there for our policyholders during their time of need by paying claims just as we promised. Aflac Japan generated strong results in the first quarter, and we're again pleased with the financial performance of our largest earnings contributor. Revenue growth showed continued improvement rising 3.7% for the quarter. In addition, our pretax margin continued to expand, resulting in solid earnings growth for the quarter. We were particularly pleased with the continued sales momentum in the quarter. In fact, Aflac Japan generated the largest first quarter production in its 36-year history. New annualized premium sales exceeded our expectations and rose 12.6% to JPY 34.1 billion. With the expanding bank channel in mind, Aflac Japan has developed innovative products that align well with the product needs of banks. Bank sales in the first quarter posted another record with sales of JPY 7.9 billion, which represents an increase of 12.6% over the fourth quarter of 2010 and a 154% increase over the first quarter of 2010. I mentioned how we believe more banks, and mega banks in particular, would step up their efforts in selling Aflac's products, and that's exactly what we've been seeing. At the end of March, Aflac Japan was represented by 364 banks and more than 90% of the total number of banks in Japan. While many banks have agreed to sell our products, turning that agreement from ink on paper into sales does not happen overnight, especially with more than 20,000 branches representing the 364 banks. It will take some time to facilitate training at all these locations but we're seeing sales steadily improving at many of these banks as training takes place and the banks expand their offering of Aflac products. In many of the banks, sales representatives had gained experience at selling our products, and their confidence level and their sales ability has grown. WAYS and child endowment products, which are both especially popular with banks, were key drivers to growth again in the first quarter. You'll recall that WAYS is a unique hybrid whole life product that's being converted to fixed annuity, medical coverage or nursing care benefit when the policyholder reaches a predetermined age. The real story can be seen in WAYS' phenomenal sales growth rate, which was an increase of 221%, compared to the first quarter of 2010. Consumers find WAYS attractive because of the guaranteed principal and the future flexibility of the benefit options. Banks like to sell this product because of its high premium and attractive commission, and Aflac's product margin on WAYS is significantly enhanced when policy holders elect to pay all the premium upfront through the discounted advanced premium. Importantly, 90% of the customers at the banks choose this payment option. As our banking channel becomes a greater contributor to our top line growth, we expect sales of this innovative and flexible product to grow significantly in 2011. As I mentioned, the other strong driver to sales growth is child endowment product, which was up 58.9% in the first quarter. This product is primarily used to help fund the higher cost associated with child's entering high school or college in Japan. Child endowment policies have been very popular in Japan for many years. Aflac's strong brand, this product's unmatched return and our expanding presence in banks are competitive advantages that have helped make our child endowment policy the product of choice. You'll recall that the average premium for child endowment is much lower profit margin, but because it is wanted and needed in the bank channel and is about 3x the premium of the medical policies, the premium is a very solid contributor to top line growth. It's also helpful in enhancing our policyholder base, allowing us the opportunity to cross sell additional products like WAYS to consumers. Like WAYS, our child endowment offers a discounted advanced premium, and the profit margin on the child endowment more than doubles when the policyholders elect to pay premiums upfront using the discounted advanced premiums. About half of the consumers who purchase child endowment through the banks elect the discounted advanced premium method of payment. As expected, cancer insurance sales were down 10.4% for the quarter as prospective policyholders and sales agents postponed cancer insurance purchases and sales in anticipation of the introduction of the new base cancer policy DAYS, which was introduced at the end of March. The enhancement of this new base policy speaks to the changing landscape in cancer treatment as well as our commitment to retaining the #1 provider of cancer insurance in Japan. Sales of cancer insurance accounted for 17.5% of total sales. Keep in mind that the foundation of our product portfolio has been and continues to be cancer and medical products. Importantly, we maintain our position as the #1 seller of medical products in Japan, which confirms the continued popularity and demand for our innovative policies. The solid platform we established with these 2 pillar products has allowed us to leverage our competitive advantages such as branding and administrative efficiencies to grow our product offering and meet the evolving needs of the consumers. From top to bottom, Aflac Japan performed extremely well in the first quarter, especially in light of the natural disaster and tough sales comparisons to a year ago. But as I've told you, following 2 years of strong sales growth, the sales comparisons only get tougher as the year goes on especially in the fourth quarter of 2011. In addition, we believe the natural disaster has affected our sales, primarily in the affected regions, but I still believe we can achieve our sales target for the year in the range of down 2% to up 3%. Now let me turn to the U.S. operations. We were very pleased and excited with Aflac's U.S. performance from both the sales and a financial perspective. For the first time in 9 quarters, Aflac U.S. generated positive sales growth, and new annualized premium sales were up nicely, generating a 6.3% sales increase. We were especially encouraged to see an increase in production from both new and veteran agents. In fact, we saw crossover where Aflac career agents embraced group products. To me, it all boils down to giving our customers a choice between group and individual products. As I've said before, I tell our entire U.S. distribution system that I don't care whether they sell group or individual products but I do care that they give the group or the individual platform options to the employers with more than 100 workers. That's because if they don't at least let these accounts know we offer the group options now, you can bet that someone else will. I truly believe that if the employer wants group products, and they know Aflac offers them, they'll choose Aflac over the competition. For both group and individual products, we are driving sales through specific product pushes called smart launches, which are modeled after Aflac Japan's product launches that effectively focus on the entire sales force on selling one specific product during a specific period of time. Our first smart launch was in the first quarter, and it focused on the Dental product. The results were phenomenal. Our dental category generated a 37.1% sales increase and contributed 6.9% to the total annualized premium sales. We've also seen success with the Critical Illness product created for the group platform. While this product was only introduced in mid-2010, it has provided both our traditional sales force and brokers with valuable products to add to accounts that currently have cancer products on an individual basis. This is a good example of a product that helps career agents transition and expand their portfolio to include not only individual products but also group products. On the distribution side, our strategy, we've said many times before that today's recruits are tomorrow's sales. With that in mind, in early January, we launched our first ever recruiting campaign utilizing national television advertising. It featured a commercial with successful agents sharing their story and generating phenomenal leads, which ultimately contributed significantly to our 13.5% increase in recruiting for the first quarter. As you can see, we've taken measures to better reach potential customers with some innovative products, benefit solutions -- and we've improved Aflac U.S. sales not only to reflect intense focus on supporting our field force with enhanced products but also reflects the better resources and training that helps our sales force better approach selling in the current environment. We will continue to help our entire distribution, new and veteran agents, as well as brokers, with ways they can provide and improve their performance because they are essential part of our strategy and our success. All of these elements are fundamental to the model that we've been following in the U.S. We call it "recruit, train, motivate and sell." For those of you who will be coming to the financial analysts briefing in New York on the May 17 and 18, we'll be sharing more about this model and the products that we're going to introduce. We continue to believe the U.S. provides a vast and accessible market for our products, and we are building our business with that potential in mind. We also believe our expectations that Aflac U.S. sales growth for 2011 will be flat to up 5% is reasonable, and our first quarter sales are a good start toward achieving that objective. Given the state of the economy, we still remain somewhat cautious. In addition, this is a momentum business. Although our 6.3% sales increase is a great start, I would obviously like to see the momentum build for a few quarters. It is clear, however, that the addition of group product platforms and our growing broker initiative only serve to enhance our ability to leverage Aflac's brand and to reach more companies, large and small, across the United States. Now let me update you on Aflac Inc.'s results. Overall, we're pleased with Aflac's consolidated performance. Operating per share diluted rose 15.6% to $1.63. Excluding the benefit of the stronger yen operating earnings per diluted shares rose 8.5%. We believe that our basic investment approach of effectively managing assets to policy liabilities is the most prudent approach for our policyholders and shareholders. As you've heard us say repeatedly since early 1990s, our greatest challenge is investing huge cash flows in Japan's low interest rate environment. To reiterate what we said in our year-end conference call, one of our top focuses in 2011 is concentration risk. While our largest exposures are predominantly a legacy issues, we have continued to look at ways to optimistically reduce some larger positions where practical. As I said last week on CNBC, we focused on growing our operating earnings while derisking to further enhance the quality of the portfolio. I don't think many of you fully recognize the extent of our investment portfolio derisking activities that we've been actively engaged in over the last couple of years, so I'm going to cover 4 major derisking actions that we've taken to remind you of what we've accomplished. For instance, as we began 2009, our holding of perpetual subordinated securities was approximately 13% of the portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, perpetual subordinated debt accounted for less than 9% of the portfolio, a 30% decrease. We also de-risked the portfolio by lowering our concentration in financial exposures. At the start of 2009, banks and other financials made up 41% of the total portfolio, and at the end of the first quarter of this year, the number had dropped to 33%, a 20% decrease. We've accomplished this by both selling assets as well as reducing the percentage of new investments allocated for the financial sector. We also reduced our exposure to the PIIGS countries. At the start of 2009, these sovereign and financial exposures made up approximately 6% of the total portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, that number has declined to 4%, a 33% decrease. As I've already suggested, we are now focused on addressing some of our legacy issues, especially some of those highly concentrated positions. Within the PIIGS portfolio, we've started with lowering the exposure in 2010. And in the first quarter of 2011, we focused our efforts on reducing our exposure to Greek financial system. Today, our holding of Greek banks has been reduced by 82% from the beginning of 2011. This percentage decline also reflects the sale of one of the banks following quarter end. In addition to significantly reducing our exposure to Greek financial systems, we also focused on reducing some of our larger concentrated positions where practical. As such, we sold some of our holdings in available-for-sale categories that exceeded 10% of tax. We believe these actions to lessen the concentrated risk in our investment portfolio further strengthens our balance sheet. Our business continues to generate significant capital in the first quarter. As we have communicated over the past several years, maintaining a strong risk-based capital ratio or RBC remains a top priority for us, and you'll recall that it remains a primary component of the management incentive plan for all Aflac officers. Our objective for 2011 is to derisk our portfolio while maintaining our RBC ratio in the range of 400% to 500%, with a target of 450%. Although we have not yet completed our statutory financial statements for the first quarter, we estimate our RBC fell within the range of 500% to 525% at the end of March. I believe our ability to maintain a strong RBC exemplifies our effective capital management strategies. As you'll recall, 2010 marked the 28th consecutive year of a dividend increase. Our objective remains to increase cash dividends generally in line with earnings growth before the impact of the yen. We will again evaluate a dividend increase later this year, but I am confident we will extend our consecutive annual dividend increases for 29 years. Additionally, you'll recall that we resumed the share repurchase program in the fourth quarter. We purchased 3.1 million shares in the first quarter and anticipate purchasing 6 million to 12 million shares for 2011. However, we will balance our share repurchase activities this year with the derisking opportunities that ultimately enhance our portfolio. With the first quarter of the year complete, we continue to believe we are well positioned for another year of solid financial performance. We still believe our goal of increasing operating earnings per diluted share is reasonable and attainable. I believe we've also done a very good job in managing Aflac Japan and U.S. operations, especially the expense control. As the year progresses, we anticipate increasing our spending, particularly in marketing and IT initiatives. And we have said previously, given the continued low interest rate environment, especially in Japan for 2011, we expect to be at the low end of the 8% to 12% range for operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of yen. As you know, we historically announced our earnings guidance for the following year at our May analysts meeting. Although we have not yet finalized our projections for 2012, I can tell you that our expected rate of earnings growth next year will likely be lower than 2011 due primarily to the portfolio derisking activity and the continued low interest rate environment in Japan. After the effects of the derisking and the low interest rates in Japan and the United States have fully integrated into the financial results, we should expect to see the rate of increase in earnings begin to improve. With respect to achieving our objectives, you've heard me say many times before that we manage this company for the long term. As such, we believe that derisking our portfolio is more important than the effect on one year's earnings, and in doing so, we'll ultimately enhance the shareholder value. Now I'll turn it back over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. And as Dan said and you are all aware, the quakes and subsequent tsunami that hit Japan on March 11 had a devastating impact on the country, and they remain in our thoughts and prayers. But I'd like to go through some of the numbers to-date that reflect the magnitude of this event. According to the official report by Japan's National Police Agency, as of April 28, total lives that were lost is 14,575, and there are still 11,324 who are missing. There are also 5,277 who are reported injured. We estimate that there will be a total impact of JPY 3 billion in claims, and of this amount, we booked a total of JPY 1 billion to incurred claims, and the remaining, approximately JPY 2 billion, will be handled through reinsurance plans we have and offsetting reserve releases. There was also JPY 0.7 billion of operating expenses resulting from the earthquake and tsunami. Now I'd like to go through some first quarter numbers for Japan. Beginning with the top line, in yen terms, revenues were up 3.7% for the quarter. Investment income was down slightly 0.7%. However, excluding the effect of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar-denominated investment income, net income rose 2.7% in the quarter. Annualized premium persistency rate, excluding annuities, was 94.3% compared to 93.8% in 2010. In terms of quarterly operating ratio, the benefit ratio improved over last year, moving from 59.5% a year ago to 59.0% in the first quarter. The expense ratio for the quarter was 18.6%, down from 19.1% a year ago. As a result, the lower benefit and expense ratios to pretax margin rose from 21.4% to 22.4% in the quarter. With the expansion of the margin, pretax earnings increased 8.5% for the quarter in yen terms. For the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen securities at 2.36%, and including the dollars invested, the blended rate was 3.16%. As we discussed last year, part of our strategy to address the low interest rate environment in Japan, we made dollar-denominated purchases to extend the $1 billion we discussed in the fourth quarter of the year and the amount $290 million. That amount, purchase through the end of Japan for that objective, totaled $993 million. The yield on these investments was 4.26%. Our portfolio yield rose 3.56% at the end of March, no change from the end of December and 19 basis points lower than a year ago. Now turning to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 3.1% in the first quarter. The benefit ratio was 48.8% compared with 45.5% a year ago. The rise in the benefit ratio reflected a return to a more normalized number in 2011 following the decline in the benefit ratio in 2010, which resulted from the loss of a large account. The operating expense ratio decreased from 35.4% to 32.0%, reflecting a delay in spending on several projects that will be incurred later in the year. Also driving the operating expense number down to the first quarter was a return in amortization to a more normalized number after the loss of the large account increased the 2010 debt number. The profit margin for the quarter was 19.2% compared with 19.1% a year ago. In terms of U.S. investment, the new money yield for the quarter was 5.77% versus 5.98% a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of March was 6.84%, down 8 basis points from the fourth quarter and 22 basis points from a year ago. Now turning to some other items in the quarter. Noninsurance expense for the first quarter was $41 million compared with $31 million a year ago. The higher interest expense primarily reflects our debt issuance in the second half of 2010 of $750 million. Our parent company and other expenses remained flat at $14 million compared to the first quarter of 2010. Total company operating margins rose, reflecting the improved profitability of Aflac Japan and U.S. Pretax margins rose from 20.0% to 20.7%. The after-tax margin increased from 13.0% to 13.5%. And on an operating basis, the tax rate remains relatively unchanged at 34.2%. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.84 compared to $1.35 in 2010. Realized investment losses were $0.79 per share for the quarter compared to $0.06 per share in 2010. During the quarter, we realized investment losses of $376 million net of tax or $0.79 per diluted share, primarily as a result of the significant derisking activities in the quarter that Dan outlined. $115 million was attributable to our sale of holdings in the Alpha Bank, $258 million resulted from the impairment of 2 other Greek banks: National Bank of Greece and EFG Eurobank. We also lowered our holdings of other concentrated positions with smaller transactions and impairments, and these transactions altogether resulted in a gain of $16 million. The remaining $19 million loss is associated with derivative and hedging activity. As reported, our operating earnings per diluted share rose 15.6% to $1.63. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.10 per diluted share. Excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per diluted share rose 8.5% for the quarter that was in our annual range of the low end of 8% to 12%. Lastly, let me comment on earnings outlook for 2011. As you heard, we have affirmed our objective for 2011 with an 8% to 12% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the Yen. But as we've previously said, given the low interest rate environment, especially in Japan, we expect to be at the low end of the 8% to 12% range for operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the Yen impact. Assuming an 8% increase in operating earnings per share growth, we would expect to earn $5.97 on a constant currency basis. If the Yen averages 80, 85 for the second quarter we would expect operating earnings to be $1.51 to $1.57 per diluted share. If we achieve our objective of that 8% growth, and the Yen averages 80 to 85 for the full year, we would expect EPS to be in the area of $6.09 to $6.34 per diluted share. As we mentioned in our press release last night, although we historically announce earnings guidance for the following year at our May analysts meeting, and our 2012 earnings projection is not finalized, we do anticipate that earnings for the next year, 2012, would likely be lower than 2011. Let me take this opportunity to remind you that our annual analyst meeting will be held in New York City on May 17 and 18. We'll be there to provide you with further updates on our operations in both the U.S. and Japan along with our outlook for this year and the following year, so we invite you to please log in and register to attend. I'm now ready, Diane, to start taking questions. To be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to 1 question, and we'd be happy now to start with the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Randy Binner, FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Oh, great. Thank you. So I just wanted to ask a question about what happened with the RBC ratio in the quarter. I guess the 2 specific questions would be: one, if you could outline exactly how much of the RBC decrease was from ratings drift in the quarter, and if you can outline any credits that happened with; and the second piece is if you could disclose what liquidity was at the whole co[ph] at the end of the quarter?
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. This is Kriss. RBC came down from about 555%. At the end of the year to, right now, we're looking at a range of 500% to 525%. A significant item in there was the downgrade to Israel Electric that S&P came through with after at the end of the year, and after the time we've closed our statutory books. And that -- because it's a concentrated risk caused our RBC to decline almost 20 points. So if you said, well, okay, that would have been 555% to 535% and then of course the other big piece was the impairments that we recorded in the first quarter. Whole co[ph] cash was around $700 million at year end, it came down to about $550 million. We paid a shareholder dividend order of magnitude $140 million. We repurchased shares for probably about $170 million and we had a dividend from the live company to the parent company, for about $120 million or $130 million. I don't remember the exact number.
Robin Wilkey: $144 million.
Kriss Cloninger: $144 million, okay. Robin knows the exact numbers. That will get you there.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: That's very helpful. Just one follow-up on Israel Elec, is that a move from NAIC Level 1 to 2 or 2 to 3?
Kriss Cloninger: 2 to 3. Ken says it's moved from 2 to 3. NAIC 2, NAIC 3.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, so it's in the below-investment grade market, then?
Kenneth Janke: It's split rated. Randy, this is Ken. It's split rated and for GAAP purposes, it's still considered an investment grade asset. For statutory purposes, our rules are that we take the second lowest rating, which would be in this case since there's 2 ratings below investment grade and that's what moved it to a 3.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Joanne Smith, Scotia Capital.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc.: I want to switch gears a little bit and talk about the U.S. for a minute because I don't think many of us were expecting the turnaround in sales in that region. If Paul is available, could you talk about some of the data mining activities that you've been doing to try and drill down and find better ways to approach the markets in the U.S. and what kind of success you're having there because I think it's remarkable that we saw the results after 9 quarters of decreases? Thanks.
Paul Amos: Thank you, Joanne. We are very excited. I do want to tell you that I do not believe this is a sudden result. I think this is a plan that's been put in place over the last several quarters. Our sales and marketing teams are working more tightly together than ever. You could see that through the beginning of the effects with our first ever DRTV, or recruiting campaign, which helped drive up our overall recruiting by 13.5% this past quarter. At the same time, things like our smart launches, even though we used it on a smaller product line like dental, it was a direct effect of conferences that we put in place between the U.S. and Japan several years ago. We began to learn about the positive effects of what they were doing and then marrying up what was happening socially with how to drive product demand. In the U.S. this year, due to smart product launch, we were able to drive demand for dental by using our duck and leveraging it in our existing accounts to really help push specific product lines. We do hope that, that's something that we can continue to expand on in the future that will continue to help drive up our existing accounts sales as well as our veteran agents' sales. We've coined that term, our book of business. We'll be talking more about several of these items at our upcoming FAB meeting. I'm very excited about what we're seeing. I do think that this is the beginning of something positive. How quickly and how big is that, I think it's too early for us to tell. I think at the end of the second quarter I'll be better able to tell you whether the turn is completely in. But I think at this point, I'm very proud of our sales team and Tom Giddens, and our marketing team and Michael Zuna, and all the people who have worked very hard to make this happen. And I do believe that there's no fluke in the numbers here. This is just a great quarter of sales that has been long in place from a turnaround, good momentum by our sales force and a very strong balance between good broker sales and good career agent sales. But in the end, I do believe that probably the overriding factor in all of this has been Aflac Group. The fact is that it is not only been the sales that have happened in the group business but also the momentum that having the group business has brought to both our career channel and our broker channel. So that's a lot to say, but I think there are a lot of good factors happening, all of which are coming together for what was our best quarter in a long period of time.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Inc.: So Paul, this is a follow-up. Do you really think that the group is starting to gel now? Is this kind of a result of the integration and adoption of the practices you acquired with the Continental acquisition? Or is this efforts that you've had in place prior and then just added a little bit to the scale?
Paul Amos: I think there was some pent-up demand among our career sales force for group products. I think you're seeing some of that happen now. I believe that's something that will sustain itself for some period of time, especially as we continue to go out and add suggestions to all of our existing accounts offering our group products. We still have not, we've only begun to see the beginning of that. In terms of what's happening for the company and CAIC, I believe it is now giving us the opportunity to go after the entire market. We were primarily focused on the small end of the market in the past, really employers of 100 and under. This gives us the opportunity to go after the larger employers in America and do so with a set of products that they really want as well as going after the brokerage community with a set of products that they desire. And as a result, we're beginning to see some momentum really build in those areas. It's still early but I am very excited.
Operator: Ed Spehar, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I wanted to talk a little bit about the implied derisking that maybe you're sending a message on with initial comments about 2012. I guess if you did some quick math and you just assumed some sales and reinvestment at lower rates and some loss on sales, that it seems like for you to have a 1 point impact on EPS growth, it would require probably portfolio derisking of related to maybe a couple billion dollars of holdings. So I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is the message here that we should be looking for portfolio derisking over the next several quarters to potentially be at the kind of pace that we saw in the first quarter?
Kriss Cloninger: I'll start out and Ken might want to follow up with comments. Really, Ed, it takes awhile for the cumulative effect of derisking to work its way through earnings. And over the last couple of years, we've had a substantial amount of derisking in addition to what we had in the first quarter. I think we've had about $1.6-or-so billion in realized losses over the last couple of years. We had another $450 million or so this quarter. We're going to have some more in all likelihood. And the numbers you guys have are not unreasonable there. But it's a cumulative effect of low interest rates and the fact that it takes say, 12 to 18 months to get the effects all the way through the financial results that lead us to be thoughtful about how we're going to project earnings. In addition, I'll say when we derisk -- there are several ways to derisk, some of which affect P&L more than others. Clearly, if you decide to sell a security that you believe you don't want to hold anymore and you take a realized loss, you've got a lower amount of funds to invest and then you've got decisions about whether to invest those funds in dollars or yen, and then what categories of yen assets you might be able to acquire. On the other hand, you might take an impairment and derisk just by reducing equity and the like, but not sell if you thought really the credit characteristics of the security were such that you didn't need to sell it. And then when you deal with concentrations, you're probably going to sell positions and you have to positions in concentration to reduce your concentration of those type securities. So we haven't fully concluded on exactly what steps we're going to take and there's just a level of uncertainty. But we think the net result is going to be a modest slowdown in earnings growth for some period to come. Ken, do you want to comment further on that, or you think that's enough?
Kenneth Janke: The only thing Ed that I would add to that is that we clearly can't telegraph exactly what we may or may not be interested in derisking. And really at this point exactly, what we're thinking about in terms of capacity but I can tell you that we regularly review our capital position both from an RBC and a solvency margin standpoint to just see what kind of derisking we can tolerate from a capital deployment standpoint and again balance that against our interest in purchase and shares.
Daniel Amos: The only other comment I'd make is remember that if derisking can impact also share repurchase and that could be a factor too in slowing down growth.
Kriss Cloninger: That can be a couple of points in addition to the loss in investment income you cited.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, just one follow-up. I think you've had some success of recategorizing a large-held to maturity investment to available for sale with the Israel Electric, one rating going to junk, are you going to be able to recategorize? And just a broader question, even if you can't recategorize these things, who cares if you taint the portfolio and it all becomes available for sale, if it -- sort of increases your flexibility to derisk this portfolio?
Kenneth Janke: I'll start with the answer and see where it goes. We have looked at this. We look at it continually. We're not as concerned about tainting on a GAAP basis but that would also result in tainting on a Japan GAAP or FSA reporting basis. And you may remember from analyst meetings for several years that we have showed a chart that suggests our sensitivity, or the solvency margin sensitivity to interest rate changes. So if we were to move all of our held to maturity assets to available for sale, those bonds would be subject to mark-to-market accounting. And at the time when the FSA has modified the solvency margin calculation, which will effectively reduce the numbers for the industry in half, we don't think that it's prudent to expose our portfolio to the influence of mark-to-market accounting and what will likely be a rising rate environment.
Kriss Cloninger: Do you want to address the specific reclassification we had this quarter?
Kenneth Janke: Israel Electric would fall into that camp. It is split rated from a staff standpoint but it is still investment grade from a GAAP standpoint. We were able to move Tunisia from held to maturity to available for sale after going through a very extensive credit analysis that took a period of many, many weeks. And you'll see that in our financial supplemental disclosures that it's now categorized as below investment grade even though the actual rating agency ratings show it's still as investment grade. But it is now in available for sale, and it's fair value would be reflected therefore and included in the solvency margin calculation.
Kriss Cloninger: That's one thing. Let me make another comment, Ed. There's a rigor around doing these reclassifications and the like and making decisions to impair or sell. You'll see when we put out our 10-Q, a discussion of the events that led to our conclusion that we needed to sell and impair our holdings in the Greek banks, and that required events that need to be documented to satisfy the SEC and the regulators, and the accountants and the like. It's not just a gut-feel type of decision that we make around here. And we had to go through a fairly rigorous process, too, to document and our conclusion that it's appropriate to move Tunisia from held to maturity to available for sale category in all of our categories in financial statements so that we avoided tainting the whole portfolio for reasons Ken discussed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darin Arita, Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Thank you. I was hoping to turn to Japan and was wondering if you could detail some of the sales activity following the earthquake.
Daniel Amos: I think Toru's on the line. I'm going to let him answer that.
Toru Tonoike: After the earthquake, basically, we have a lot of -- sales activity was affected in accordance with the situation. We have counted many of the TV commercials just refraining from making sales pitches to the public in that circumstances. And also we have activities of our agents were somewhat disrupted because of the disrupted transportation, or shortage of gasoline or planned blackouts. So our sales activities as a whole was reduced the latter half of March and a good part of April. But now it is going back to normal. And we are returning to the normal sales activities and promotions mode. So at this point, purely from the viewpoint of the sales promotion method, we are not doing anything very specific, we are just increasing our promotion activities in general.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you quantify what the falloff was in the latter part of March?
Daniel Amos: I'll respond to that. This is Dan. There's a difference between the U.S. and Japan. They don't use SMART Act in Japan like we do in the U.S. So there's a time lag so my gut is that, and it is a gut because I want to wait and see what April numbers look like. And we plan on telling you at the FAB meeting. We normally don't cover what sales numbers are for a month but we're going to give you April numbers when we got them. But I don't think March reflects what really happened, maybe the last week did a little bit, but it's hard to tell. And so at this point, we don't want to go out and make some statement then all of a sudden the next couple of weeks we see a difference. And as Toru talked about, pretty much everything is kind of getting back to normal now. And of course the area that was directly hit, it will be quite a time but that accounted for 5% of our sales. So that will kind of give you an idea of what to look at. So what I've tried to kind of analyze in my mind is in terms of these numbers, if you say that okay, sales in the first quarter were basically where we thought they would be. Because remember, we expected a good first quarter, a little bit better than what we thought, but we expect sales to be flat to down in the fourth quarter because of the tough sales comparison. So if you go back and say okay the first quarter, that area that was affected was 5% of our sales then say the second quarter, the number 0 and the third quarter is 1/2 and the fourth quarter is 1/2 then that means that our overall sales have been hurt by 2.5% over what our original projections are. And then say Tokyo was hurt for a short period of time but outside Tokyo nothing else was really that affected then we're actually increasing our sales objective in that the 2% to 5% still we think we can make yet down 2% to up 3% or 5% swing is actually a higher number because we got to make up the difference of what happened due to the tsunami.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank AG: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Dally, Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on Darin's question with regard to Japan sales. Appreciate the comments you made, but couldn't we be looking at a situation where demand could actually meaningfully pick up in the aftermath of the disaster, like what you saw at a place [indiscernible]? Wouldn't that also be a factor which should help the sales result in the back half of the year? Any comments there would be very helpful. Thanks.
Toru Tonoike: Yes. I think it is possible that could help our sales. But it is very difficult to measure the magnitude of that fact. So at this point we would rather not take that into account for our plan this year.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Okay. If I could follow-up on a different question, given that we're seeing the sales through the banks really pick up from having the child endowment and WAYS. Kriss, is it possible to comment on whether you're still comfortable with your benefit ratio guidance for the year? Or should we think about adjusting that given the shift in sales?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, we had about a 50 basis point improvement in the quarter. And we had said that the 100 to 150 basis points -- quite frankly we were surprised but pleased about the level of production of child endowment and WAYS. I think they were somewhat above expectations. And as I previously discussed with the community, the investment community, starting last September, the mini FAB and continuing on in the fourth quarter discussions, child endowment and WAYS are going to slow down the improvement or the decline in the benefit ratio. We're still getting the same kind of decline in the cancer product from reduction in number of days in the hospital, though as I've told you that's moderating some. Once you get the numbers down to days in the hospital of around 20 to 22, you don't have as much room for improvement as when the average was say, 40 days per stay for a cancer treatment. So I've told you the improvement in the medical or the cancer line is moderating some. The child endowment and WAYS products will have the benefit ratio go up some but they'll have the expense ratio go down some, and they're going to drive revenue more than the medical products do. And at the analyst meeting, I'm going to show you an analysis that basically I'll just disclosed that early, I guess, but basically it tells you that if we write the same number of policies of medical and child endowment and WAYS, we produce somewhat more profit, just modestly more profit by producing the same number of policies with child endowment and WAYS than we do through the medical policies. And that's because they've got a higher average premium, they've got a lower average margin but the profits per policy come out somewhat higher. So there's a bit of a change in the composition of the way profits are produced. But the net effect is that you get about the same, if not slightly more profit by writing a policy of WAYS or child endowment than a policy of medical or cancer.
Operator: John Nadel, Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Thank you. I was wondering, just thinking about Japan and I get the idea that there could be some modest pickup in sales activity over time. But I'm also wondering if you have a view on any potential likelihood that some level of austerity measures in Japan, as the government has to divert funds to reconstruction activities. Could that ultimately serve to, I guess reduce or remove the child credits that have clearly helped to spur the growth in the child endowment and WAYS products? Do you foresee anything on that front?
Daniel Amos: Yes. It doesn't affect the WAYS product. It can affect the child endowment, but it doesn't affect the WAYS. And frankly, this year -- well in the second half of last year, we started emphasizing WAYS by changing the incentives to move the bank channel away from child endowment. Now if that product drives itself because, as you said, the government has that subsidy. But all in all, we're kind of moving that direction anyway. So it would be fine with us to do that. Of course, remember, for every 5 child endowment we sell, we add 1 new policy of another type to the new policyholder base. But all in all, we're kind of moving that way anyway.
Kenneth Janke: John, this is Ken. The child subsidy was extended for another 6 months, meaning until September. And it will have to be debated and approved by the Diet in order for it to be extended beyond September of this year.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Daniel Amos: Toru, do you have any comment about that?
Toru Tonoike: The only thing I could add is that, yes, child endowment was very helpful for us to start selling, start marketing this product with the public at the bank. It was very good thing to start talking about child endowment policy -- I'm sorry I mean the child allowance payment. So it helps us a lot in a way that it made it easier for us to start talking about our child endowment policy with the possible clients. But now that this product is well known and a part of that regular products for the banks and their employees. So even if the child allowance is reduced or even terminated, the impact is not that big going forward.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. Helpful. And then I guess the only other question I have for you, is there any contemplation of starting maybe a foreign currency hedging program? Given how strong the yen is relative to the dollar, any thoughts as to potentially trying to lock in some of that strength as you look forward?
Kriss Cloninger: I'll say we haven't had substantial discussions on that topic. We've had discussions about doing some of the things that historically was done through the investment banks of investing in securities denominated in a currency other than yen and having an embedded swap. We've looked at possibly doing some of that ourselves but we haven't discussed in a meaningful way, say hedging P&L, if that's where you were headed.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Yes, I guess that is where I'm headed. I mean I assume that clearly, there's a cost to doing that and just wondering if the cost benefit makes sense or not.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, we've done some modest review of that, and we've looked into and tried to analyze what some other companies with significant Japanese operations are doing. And we see that the net gains and losses from that kind of hedging program tend to be relatively modest. But they do create a risk exposure that we've been averse to over time. And our historical position of saying, okay, our shareholders are used to taking the currency risk on the current year's P&L and then do we tend to hedge equity into dollars through holding dollar-denominated securities and having yen-denominated debt. We're continuing to pursue those programs. And I'd say we're considering some of those things but generally we found that the risks outweigh what we perceive to be the benefits of those kind of activities.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And Kriss, what is the risk? Is it just more counter-party exposure to financial institutions?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, that would be one risk. It would be the mark-to-market exposure on the hedge that creates volatility of earnings, the possibility of economic gains and losses.
Robin Wilkey: Diane, we are at the top of the hour, so that's the last question. But I want to let everybody know that Tom McDaniel and I will be here today to follow-up on any questions you may have. So please, feel free to call us if there are any questions, and we appreciate everyone tuning in this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Amos - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Aflac and Chief Executive Officer of Aflac Toru Tonoike - President of Aflac Japan and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director, Chief Financial Officer of American Family Life Assurance Company and Executive Vice President of American Family Life Assurance Company W. Jeremy Jeffery - Chief Investment Officer and Senior Vice President Robin Wilkey - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Thomas Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Aflac's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Robin Wilkey, Senior Vice President of Aflac Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Catherine. And good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of U.S. Operations; Ken Janke, Executive Vice President and Deputy CFO; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and Toru Tonoike, President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan, is joining us from Tokyo. Before we start, I'd like to mention the Safe Harbor language to you. Let me point out that some statements in this teleconference are forward looking within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discussed today. We encourage you to look at our quarterly report for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations in Japan and the United States. I'll follow up with a few financial highlights for the fourth quarter and the year, and then we'll take your questions. Dan?
Daniel Amos: Thank you, Robin, and good morning. Thank you for joining us. Let me begin a review of 2010 with Aflac Japan. Aflac Japan generated strong results throughout 2010. We were again pleased with the financial performance of our largest earnings contributor. Sales results were especially impressive considering the tough comparisons, particularly in the fourth quarter. Total new annualized premium sales in yen exceeded our expectations, and we're up a solid 6.5% for the fourth quarter. For the full year, sales rose 11%, for the second consecutive year, we exceeded our annual sales goal of a zero to 5% increase. Additionally, the persistency improved for our large block of in-force business in Japan, rising from 94.0% to 94.2%. An improvement in Aflac Japan's persistency rate contributes to the continued growth in premium income. Although Aflac Japan's benefit ratio rose in the fourth quarter, it improved for the full year. The fourth quarter benefit ratio reflects reserve adjustments made to a closed block of Dementia Care business that we stopped selling almost 20 years ago. As we look to 2011, we expect further improvement in the benefit ratio resulting in the continued expansion of the profit margin. In the first quarter of 2010, Japan's premium income grew 3.3% and improved to 4.4% for the fourth quarter, which contributed to a 3.8% increase for the full year. As expected, our premium pretax profits continued to expand, resulting in strong earnings growth for the year. The bank channel had a great year in 2010. Our innovative products aligned well with the product needs of the banks. Bank sales in the fourth quarter posted another record with sales of JPY 7 billion, which represents an increase of 140.4% over the fourth quarter of 2009. Last quarter I mentioned how we believe more banks and mega banks in particular would step up their efforts in selling Aflac's products, and that's exactly what happened. At the end of December, Aflac Japan was represented by 364 banks, or more than 90% of the total number of banks in Japan. Of all the banks, we now have enrolling our products, there's still many branches in their system that are not actively selling yet, which means there's still enormous sales potential. In addition to having a great year from a distribution standpoint, we saw success on the product side of our business. Aflac Japan has honed its ability to customize our product portfolio to appeal to new market segments by enhancing the benefits of our existing product line. A good example is our expanding suite of medical products that we've successfully created over the last decade. In fact, the medical product category was the number one contributor to total sales for both the fourth quarter and full year. You'll recall that in August of 2009, we launched new EVER, an updated version of our popular medical product. Promotion for the new EVER featured the Maneki Neko or cat duck advertising campaign that literally became an overnight sensation in Japan, and prompted an incredible surge in the fourth quarter of 2009 medical sales. Although we saw a slight decline in medical sales compared to last year, this category generated a significant amount of new annualized premium. Importantly, we maintained our position as the number one seller of medical products in Japan, which confirms the continued popularity and demand for our innovative policies. Not only was 2010 a year in which we maintained our number one position in medical sales, it also was another year where our cancer products dominated the market. Cancer insurance sales made a solid contribution to total the sales, accounting for 22% of the total sales for the year. We're introducing a new cancer policy called DAYS that replaces the base policy, Cancer Forte. This enhancement of one of our pillar products speaks to the changing landscape in cancer treatment, as well as our commitment to being the number one provider of cancer insurance in Japan. It's important to remember that the foundation of our product portfolio has been, and continues to be, cancer and medical products. This solid platform allows us to leverage our competitive advantages such as branding, administrative efficiencies and to grow our product offering and meet the evolving needs of consumers. As the bank channel has become a larger contributor to sales, Aflac Japan has also been enhancing its product portfolio to better meet the needs of banks including WAYS and child endowment products, which were key drivers to growth for the fourth quarter and the year. WAYS is a unique hybrid whole life product that can be converted to a fixed annuity, a medical coverage or nursing care benefit when the policyholder reaches a predetermined age. WAYS was first introduced in 2006, and was revised to the bank channel in 2009. Sales of WAYS really took off in the fourth quarter, accounting for 13.6% of the total production. But the real story can be seen in the phenomenal growth rate, which was 149.9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Consumers find this product attractive because the first options offer future flexibility. Banks like to sell this product because it has high premiums. And Aflac's product margin is significantly enhanced when policyholders elect to pay premiums upfront using what we referred to as the discounted advanced premium. Importantly, 90% of the customers at the banks choose this payment option. As our banking channel becomes a greater contributor to our top line growth, we expect sales of this innovative and flexible product to grow significantly in 2011. The other strong driver of sales growth was the child endowment product, which was up 67.4% for the quarter and 132% for the year. This product, which was redesigned in 2009, is primarily used to help fund the higher cost associated with a child entering high school and college in Japan. Child endowment policies have been very popular in Japan for many years. Aflac's strong brand, this product's unmatched returns, our expanding presence in banks and the government's child subsidiary payments that started in June have helped make our endowment policy the product of choice. It's important to note that the average annual premium of the child endowment policy is about 3x the size of the health policy, meaning that the premium is very solid contributor to the top line growth. Child endowment also offers a discounted advanced premium, and this product's profit margin more than doubles when the policy holders elect to pay the premiums upfront using the discounted advanced premiums. About half of the consumers who purchased our child endowment policies through banks elect this discounted advanced premium method of payment. From top to bottom, Aflac Japan performed extremely well in 2010 despite tough sales comparisons. But before the fourth quarter even began, my mind had already shifted to 2011, and the challenge we would face following two years of strong sales results. Although I believe our sales momentum will continue into the first quarter of 2011, the comparisons get tougher as the year goes on, especially in the fourth quarter. Taking all of this into account, as we noted in last night's press release, we expect sales to be in the range of down 2% to up 3%, although I thought in November that sales increase for 2011 would be closer to flat to up 5%. However, after a stronger-than-expected fourth quarter, 2010 sales ended up 11% versus our projection in November which was up 9%. With such exceptional performance, I did not want to penalize Aflac Japan sales department for pushing so hard at the end of 2010. So that's how we came up with the sales expectations for Aflac Japan. Now let me turn to the U.S. operations. From a financial perspective, Aflac U.S. continued to perform at expectations. However, ongoing low confidence level from consumers and small businesses coupled with fewer employees at the work site continued to pose challenges for our U.S. sales growth. As such, we were not surprised that these factors reflected in the sales decline of 2.3% for the fourth quarter and 4.9% for the year. You may recall that we acquired CAIC, now rebranded as Aflac Group, in October of 2009. New annualized premium sales for Aflac U.S. included sales from Aflac Group of $42 million in the fourth quarter. This result represented a 58.7% increase for the quarter and represented half of Aflac Group Insurance production for the year. I was very excited to see that our traditional sales force rallied to sell group products to our account in addition to individual policies that they already sold. While I would say our decision to acquire CAIC was a huge success, let me put it in perspective. An $83 million sales contribution from the Aflac Group represents only 6% of the total U.S. production in 2010. About 90% of our businesses continues to revolve around small business owners and accounts with fewer than 100 employees. These accounts don't usually have group insurance, and our traditional individual agents continue to be the driving force behind our relationships with them. Our field force continues to be the key to our success, and no one else has been able to establish this kind of field force network that we have at Aflac. Unfortunately, both the smaller accounts and our sales agents that sell to them are the slice of America that has been hit the hardest by the economic turmoil over the last two years. As you know, consumer confidence and small business segment continues to hover at low levels. We've also been facing recruiting conditions that have not yet returned to business as usual. Although recruitment of sales associates in the fourth quarter was down 8.5%, it showed significant improvement over the 25.4% decline in recruiting for the first nine months of the year. That means we've averaged 5,500 new recruits per quarter, which is still a lot of people, but we can do better. Despite a significantly more positive outlook on the job market, some lingering uncertainty still makes it tough to find people with salary jobs or extended unemployment benefits who are unwilling to take their chances in commission sales. We have adopted a more people-centric recruiting criteria and are continuing national recruiting contest and programs to expand our sales force, and we anticipate this will expand the number of new recruits. Beyond expanding the size and capabilities of our traditional sales force, we remain excited about developing relationships with insurance brokers. Our broker distribution initiative is still in its early stage, but our efforts are translating into sales. The group product platform, which is preferred by brokers is an important part of our efforts to broaden our product portfolio. As I mentioned, we saw a cross-over for Aflac career agents embraced our new group products, and frankly, we also saw brokers selling individual policies. I tell our entire U.S. distribution system that I don't care whether they sell group or individual products, but I do want them to let the existing accounts with more than 100 employees know that Aflac now offers group products in addition to individual policies. That's because if we don't at least let these accounts know that we offer group option, you can bet that someone else will. If the accounts want group products, and they know that Aflac offers them, I believe they'll choose Aflac over the competition. Although weaker sales have slowed the top line growth somewhat over the last few years, we saw a steady improvement in persistency in 2010 compared to 2009. I believe we've also done a very good job in managing our U.S. operations, including budget and people resource. Managing financial components within our control has improved our 2010 expense ratio from 33.7% to 32.5%. We're taking measures to better reach potential customers with some innovative product benefits and solutions. We also continue to believe that the U.S. provides a vast and accessible market for our products, and we are building our business with that potential in mind. For 2011, we expect Aflac U.S. sales to be flat to up 5%. Some of you may feel that our 2011 sales expectations is too ambitious considering the environment. To that, I would say that I will remain cautious until we see some stability in the economy. But we've been adjusting our business to this environment, and we still believe strongly in the products that we sell. Now let me update you on Aflac Incorporated results. Excluding the benefit from the stronger yen, operating earnings per diluted share rose 10.1% for the full year, meaning we achieved our goal of a 9% to 12% increase for 2010. Our balance sheet and capital position remain strong, and we believe that our investment approach of effectively matching assets to policy liabilities is the most prudent approach to our policyholders and shareholders. Clearly, a lot of attention has shifted recently to the impact of lower interest rates on earnings. As you've heard me say repeatedly since the early 90s, our greatest challenge is investing huge cash flows in Japan's low interest rate environment. To address this, we've started increasing the amount that Aflac Japan invest in dollar-denominated securities last year. This strategy, we discussed at the Tokyo Analyst Meeting this past September, produces two benefits. First, we're funding incremental dollar purchases with the sale of Japanese government bonds. These JGBs are scheduled to mature before the end of 2011, and this strategy allows us to capture the gains for tax purposes before they mature. Second, we're able to invest the proceeds in higher-yielding dollar-denominated corporate bond at a meaningful spread. The current strength of the yen and the wider spread of the dollar bond helps mitigate the currency risk associated with this strategy. While our preference is to invest in yen-denominated securities, we believe this is a short-term strategy to help enhance our yield during the low interest rate periods. As we communicated over the past several years, maintaining a strong, risk-based capital or RBC ratio remains a priority for us, and you'll recall that it is also a component of the management incentive plan for all Aflac officers. Our goal was to end 2010 with a higher RBC than our year-end 2009 of 479%. Although we have not yet finalized our statutory financial statements, we estimate that 2010 RBC ratio exceeded 580%. I believe our ability to maintain a strong RBC exemplifies our effective capital management strategy. Our decision as to whether to increase the dividend or repurchase our shares is a function of our capital position. As you'll recall, Aflac's Board of Directors approved the 7.1% increase in the quarterly cash dividend effective in the fourth quarter of 2010 payment. That marked the 28th consecutive year of a dividend increase. Additionally, we resumed the share repurchase program in the fourth quarter and purchased 2 million shares. We still anticipate repurchasing 6 million to 12 million shares in 2011. At the same time, I remain convinced it makes sense to maintain a healthy degree of conservatism given the economic uncertainties around the globe. We continue to focus on maintaining strong fundamentals in our core business and building on our record of consistent earnings growth. As I commented in the third quarter release, we will likely be at the low end of the 8% to 12% range for operating earnings per share in 2011. Although low interest rates have increased somewhat in the United States recently, they have not increased as much in Japan, and the yields remain very low. If we assume 8% earnings per share growth, we would earn $5.97 per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen. If the yen averages 80 to 85 to the dollar for the full year, we would expect reported earnings to be in the range of $6.09 to $6.34 per diluted share. Looking ahead to 2011 and beyond. We continue to believe that Japan and the United States each have characteristics to make them ideally suited for the insurance products we offer. And no other company is more focused on supplemental insurance products that respond to that need than Aflac. We are focused on providing value to the shareholders, and we're fortunate that in the process of doing so, we have the privilege of providing financial protection to more than 50 million people worldwide. Now I'll turn the program back over to Robin. Robin?
Robin Wilkey: Thanks, Dan. Let me go through some numbers for the fourth quarter and year end, starting with Aflac Japan. Beginning with the top line in yen terms, revenues were up 3.5% for the quarter. Investment income was flat, and excluding the effect of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar-denominated investment income, net investment income rose 2.8% in the quarter. The annualized persistency rate, excluding annuities, was 94.2%, up from the nine months, and up from 94.0% in 2009. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio rose in the fourth quarter to 61.0, due to reserve adjustments made to a closed block of Dementia business. Excluding the impact of the stronger yen, the benefit ratio improved for the year by 90 basis points. The expense ratio for the quarter was 20.4%, down from 21.6% a year ago. The decrease reflected tight general expense controls and lower advertising expense in the quarter. The pretax margin decreased slightly from 18.7% to 18.6% in the quarter. With the retraction of the margin, pretax earnings increased 2.9% for the quarter in yen terms. Excluding the impact of a stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar-denominated investment income, pretax earnings were up 5.4% in the quarter. For the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen securities at 2.36%, and including the dollars, the blended rate was 2.61%. As part of our strategy that Dan talked about to address the low interest rate environment in Japan, we made dollar-denominated purchases totaling $703 million through the end of 2010. And we'll continue these purchases into 2011 until we reach $1 billion. The yield on these securities was 4.19%. The portfolio yield was 3.56% at the end of December, down eight basis points from the end of September, and 21 basis points lower than a year ago. Now let me turn to Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 2.5% in the fourth quarter and continued to benefit from the addition of Aflac Group sales. The annualized persistency rate for the year was 73.6% compared with 72.2% a year ago. Persistency showed steady improvement throughout 2010. The benefit ratio for the quarter was 50.1% compared with 53.8% a year ago. The decrease in the benefit ratio was due to adjustments made in 2009 that were not repeated in 2010. The operating expense ratio was 32.5% compared with 33.7% in the fourth quarter of 2009, reflecting improvement in the benefit and expense ratios, the profit margin for the quarter was 17.4% compared with 12.5% a year ago. And pretax operating earnings were up 42.3% for the quarter. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 5.45% versus 6.25% a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of December was 6.92%, down four basis points from the third quarter and 25 basis points from a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. Excluding FAS 115, the ratio of debt to total capital was 21.7% at the end of the year compared with 22.3% a year ago. Noninsurance interest expense in the fourth quarter was $41 million compared with $25 million a year ago. The higher interest expense reflected debt issuance earlier in the year and the impact of a stronger yen on our yen-denominated debt. Parent company and other expenses were $20 million in the fourth quarter compared with $32 million a year ago. The lower parent company expenses in the quarter primarily were the result of -- in 2009 we did not convert yen repatriation due to pending repayment of debt. In addition we had higher legal and consulting fees in 2009. The operating margins improved for the quarter. Pretax margin rose from 16.1% to 17.2%. The after-tax margin increased slightly from 11.0% to 11.2%. On an operating basis, the tax rate increased from 31.5% to 34.7% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.92 compared to $0.53 in 2009. The primary difference between net and operating EPS was, again, realized investment losses, which were $0.41 per share in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to $0.65 per share in 2009. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share for the quarter rose 12.7% to $1.33. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.06 per diluted share for the quarter and $0.19 for the year. Excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per diluted share increased 7.6% for the quarter and 10.1% for the year. Lastly, let me comment on the outlook for operating earnings per share for 2011. As you've heard Dan say, we affirmed our objective for 2011 of an 8% to 12% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen. With yen yields remaining very low, we're assuming an 8% increase in operating earnings per share growth, we would expect to earn $5.97 on a constant currency basis. This year, we estimate that a one yen change on the average exchange rate for the year would equal approximately $0.045 per diluted share. If we achieve our objective of 8% growth, and the yen averages 80 to 85 for the full year, we would expect operating earnings per share to be in the area of $6.09 to $6.34 per diluted share. Now we will start taking people's questions. We want to make sure that everybody has an opportunity to ask a question. So I'd like to ask you to limit your questions to just one to be fair to everyone else. Now we'll be glad to start taking questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I had a question on your Japan sales and then a clarification on this year earnings. I think the Dementia charge, the reserve increase and the DAC amount was $0.15, correct? On EPS?
Robin Wilkey: That's correct.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And as we think about run rate earnings, we shouldn't be assuming that we shouldn't be adding that entire amount back because I think you actually spent -- it seems like you spent a little bit less in advertising than you would have otherwise. So the 133 seemed close to a real run rate as opposed to a significantly higher number even with the charge?
Kriss Cloninger: Jimmy, Kriss Cloninger. Let me just comment on that. The $0.15 is correct for dementia by itself. Dementia reserve strengthening we had and the divert costs we wrote off. But what you have to consider is we normally have a couple of different types of adjustments in either third quarter or fourth quarter or any quarter for that matter. And in the fourth quarter this year, we had some claim reserves released because we trued up some of the runoff factors and the experience analysis too, and we had some JPY 5.2 billion of claim reserves released compared to what we had posted at the end of the third quarter that offset some of that Dementia increase. Let me just make a couple more comments on that. That's not an unusual thing for us. As a matter of fact, in accordance with our SACS requirements on internal standards for financial controls, we actually have it recorded that we'll do a review of the adequacy of Dementia reserves with respect to interest rates during the fourth quarter. And we'll do certain other updates on claim runoff factors for claim reserves and the like during either the third or the fourth quarter. And we have all that coordinated with the audit work that goes on. This quarter, we did strengthen the dementia reserves, and let me just tell you why. Last year, we also strengthened dementia reserves in the fourth quarter but because they pretty much netted against other adjustments, we made the claim reserves and the like. We didn't discuss it because it didn't create any significant difference in the benefit ratio. So last year, we strengthened interest rates underlying the reserving of the closed block of dementia down to a 2.7% ultimate new money interest rate. We actually used 2.5%, upgraded it up to 2.7% because we thought interest rates were very low and likely to increase. This year we decided to eliminate the assumed increase in interest rates, so we just kept the new money rate used to reserve that block at a flat 2.5%. And that's the only thing that caused the increase in the reserve on that block of business.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, and I just wanted to make sure that you weren't implying that, other than that earnings would have been higher. That's the reason I asked that.
Kriss Cloninger: Other than that, earnings would have been higher but by not much. We take a look at the range of possibilities for reserving conclusions, and my operative philosophy, and I think I probably said it to the investment community before is always to make sure that the numbers keep moving in the right direction. I want to make sure there are numbers moving in accordance with the underlying fundamental trends of the business. And that's why we made this adjustment.
Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then I had a question on Japan sales. I understand the reason for your guidance but wanted to see -- obviously, comps are tougher. Other than that, is there something else that makes you cautious that might actually result in you hitting the low end of your range versus maybe the middle of it or the higher end? And not sure if you can comment on January, or how the trends have been so far this year?
Daniel Amos: We can't mention January but Toru, would you like to make a comment?
Toru Tonoike: Yes, Dan. We have some negative factors about our expectation of the 2011 sales. For example, sales of the Dai-ichi Life was lower than the last year in 2010, but we expect that to continue to be lower in this year. And also we had a big decline in the sales by one of our big telemarketing agents. And again, we expect that sales, that part of the sales to continue to go down this year. So we have a couple of negative factors.
Daniel Amos: I think though, all in all, as we review 2011, most of our channels, we expect to be up except for those two that are down. And the two that are down, we thought that there be more sizable increase in the bank channel, not to the level we saw in 2010. But it should have an increase, and that's how we ended up balancing it out and coming in with that number.
Operator: The next question is coming from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: If we could talk for a second about the earnings guidance for a moment. You've obviously told us to focus on the lower end of the 8% to 12% growth, there's nothing new there. But your Japan sales in the fourth quarter were ahead of your expectations by a pretty fair amount. You had a pretty significant one-time reserve item in the fourth quarter notwithstanding -- and I understand Kriss what you just sort of talked about with maybe the offset from some claims reserves. And you've got this program where you're investing some Japanese cash flows into dollar-denominated securities that's layering in at least a little bit of additional yield. So I guess what I'm getting at is your focus on the lower end of the growth range feels more conservative now than maybe it did in the past few quarters. Is there something I'm missing that would be an offset to those positive items at the margin?
Kriss Cloninger: Let me start with a comment there, John. One of the things that's creating us being bias toward the low end of the range is that in 2010, we had an extraordinary benefit to earnings of our U.S. operation caused by the termination of a large case, and that created a net impact to profitability of roughly $40 million that we've got to find some way to cover in next year's earning comparisons. So that $40 million is a pretty good amount. Other than that, we're concerned about layering in of more low interest rates while we've moderated sales expectations in Japan due to modest or difficult comparisons. Japan sales and Japan profitability, probably will be in line in terms of growth with 2010. We still need U.S. sales and U.S. revenue growth to recover to give us growth over and above covering this extraordinary benefit we got in 2010. So offsetting that is our ability to resume the share repurchase program, and having achieved good capital adequacy positions during 2010 will allow us to deploy some of that accumulated capital during 2011.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: That sort of segues me to my second question for you guys, and that's really more around the capital, the investment portfolio exposures, and maybe I'll put it this way. From where you stand right now looking out at your portfolio, looking out at the risks, what would it take -- is today's environment the kind of environment that would lead you to be thinking more about the upper end of your buybacks, or do we need to see a continued improvement from here?
Kriss Cloninger: Let me start with an answer to that. 2010, as I've said, was a year of strong capital accumulation for us. Though we haven't finalized our statutory results yet, we're confident that our statutory earnings came in at somewhat over $2 billion after tax. The realized losses on a statutory basis are pretty much pretax numbers, and that's going to come in somewhere around $850 million to $900 million. So overall, net earnings on a statutory basis are going to come in and around $1.2 billion. Now, that added to our capital position during 2010. Also, what you make in terms of statutory earnings less your realized losses gives you the amount of money you can dividend out of the like company without special approval. And let's just say that's going to be $1.2 billion, it was $1.4 billion last year, we didn't take out the $1.4 billion, but we could take out -- and I'm speaking hypothetically at the moment, because we haven't finalized the numbers, but we could take out $1.2 billion to apply to capital management purposes. And that assumes that we could absorb say another $1 billion of realized losses in 2011 if we continue making statutory earnings in excess of $2 billion and replenish the capital we took out as the dividend. So that still leaves us in a very strong RBC position. So just hypothetically again, say we took out $1 billion dividend, and I'll go over all this, as I usually do at the cap meeting in terms of sources and uses of capital. But let's say we took out that $1.2 billion dividend, we have over $600 million of cash in holding company, today, let's just say we wanted to maintain $200 million or $300 million of that, that leaves us with, say, $1.5 billion we might want to deploy. I'm giving you just a lot of numbers that are in my head. I haven't prepared them with everybody that matters around here, but this is some stuff I've been playing with. Say we got $1.5 billion available, and we've got a shareholder dividend commitment of around $500 million, a little more, maybe $525 million. Say, that leaves us $1 billion to do share repurchase or other activities, well we've said 6 million to 12 million shares while obviously at the high end of the range at 12 million say buying back shares of $58, $67 a share, we'd spend somewhere between $700 million and $800 million there, and maybe that leaves us a little bit more cushion. So I think the fact that we could I think maintain RBC levels that we ended 2010 at still absorbs some significant realized losses during 2011, which we hope not to do. But I'll let Jerry address that. Still maintained strong fundamental earnings group in statutory earnings, which I expect we'll do, puts us in a very good position for deploying capital during 2011. And I think that's sort of what's on my mind. Some people have asked me in the past, you're going to be so conservative that you'll just sit there and grow RBC levels. And I replied that, no, we're not going to just sit there and create a position where we got significant sterile capital that's not being deployed, and I just want to reiterate that. That's my conclusion. My only caveat is that I do have to worry a little bit about the impact of further strengthening of the yen on the solvency margin in Japan particularly if we increased portion of our Japanese capital that we invested dollars because we lose some solvency margin benefits from doing that. But the yen is already pretty darn strong at JPY 82 to the dollar, and Japanese industry is starting to complain about their ability to maintain exports and the like. So not to say that, that's a controlling factor for currency, and we don't really predict currency, we just try to manage in whatever currency environment we're in, but that's kind of brain dump, John.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jeff Schuman, KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I just wondering of you could circle back more on the Japanese sales. The challenges for 2011, I think you’re pretty clear including obviously the difficult comps. But I guess the reason why you have difficult comps is because you've had such strong momentum recently, including with the WAYS product, which you just launched. So I guess I want to be clear, maybe one thing that will help the rest of us better understand exactly, how much upside we have left in fully penetrating the bank opportunity? I mean are we kind of -- I mean it still feels like we're pretty early in ramping into the bank opportunity, but is that too optimistic? Are we sort of second inning? Are we seventh inning or where are we in terms of realizing the bank potential?
Daniel Amos: Toru, you want to take a shot at that? Then we'll follow up here.
Toru Tonoike: Yes, regarding the penetration to the bank channel, we have gone pretty much, but I think the percentage of the bank branches that produce at least one policy per month, that is a benchmark we measure at bank penetration. And that ratio has been growing pretty nicely. At the end of the fourth quarter, that has come to about 50%, a little -- I'm sorry, 27% for all banks and 51% for the mega banks. And that's as of the end of the 2010. And if we look at the fourth quarter, the penetration is even higher, and that has come to 6% for the mega banks. But still, we think we have a lot of potential there. So the number can obviously grow even farther, and even if we reach out the number very close to 100%, that really means that one branch says only 1% for the month. And we have no reason to believe that they can sell two policies per month, or even three policies. So I don't know which inning we are in, but I'm sure that we have a plenty of potentials on that.
Daniel Amos: I think the question you're looking for is, the answer is, we're calling for about a 20% increase in new sales in the bank channel in 2011.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: What is the long-term outlook for Dai-ichi. Is it going to be in permanent decline, or is there another scenario out there?
Toru Tonoike: Regarding the Dai-ichi Life, there have been pretty new after becoming a public ownership company. So they are still working on ways they manage the company as a public company. And they want to forecast on that, and they have less time to spend to sell our policy. So last year and probably this year too, their sale of accounts will continue to decline. But once they are comfortably managing the company as it is, there's no reason why we should expect that sales continue to go down in the future. So we hope that can come back. But we don't know yet.
Operator: The next question is coming from Thomas Gallagher, Crédit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG: I had a few investment questions for you. Kriss, you’d referenced $1 billion of credit losses for 2011, and I know you were just talking hypothetically. But if I think about where your heads are at in terms of your portfolio, potential de-risking, I guess I'd like to hear maybe from Jerry, what you're thinking about the Greek banks’ exposure that would appear to be your next big slog that you'd need to make a decision at some point or not? And then the other credit side, I'd like you to comment on would be InvestCorp, the Tunisia Exposure and Israel Electric, which I believe was downgraded in 4Q to below investment-grade by S&P, and that's nearly $1 billion position.
Kriss Cloninger: Before he starts, I just want to reiterate you gave me the benefit of reminding him it was a hypothetical comment I made. I would just say on statutory basis it was $800 million to $900 million capital loss in 2010. And we could absorb that in 2011 without disturbing RBC. I'm not saying we're going to, I hope we don't, but I'll let Jerry take it from there.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let me just say one thing at the outset. The number one concern that I have and have had is in terms of risks to the portfolio's concentration risks, that continues to be our highest priorities, to look for intelligent ways to reduce our concentration and diversify our risks. And so you've brought up a number of topics that kind of speak to that the first being the Greek banks. I think that obviously that’s a very fluid situation. Sure there would be liability management exercises among the Greek banks in 2011 or maybe beyond that. And we'll keep an eye on that, and if it's advantageous to us we may act on it. But we're constantly evaluating that prospect. I got to turn to Israel Elec first. Israel Elec, as you know, is in effect a government agency, if you will. They're more than 99% owned by the government. I think given the structure in Israel, it is highly unlikely that they would have any other owner other than the government in the foreseeable future because of the way their rate structure operates. I think nothing has changed materially in their business model. And in fact, unlike what you've seen happen in Europe, their ability to raise capital in public markets has been unaffected this past month. They just hit the domestic debt, the largest in their history. So their liquidity remains pretty secure. But the problem there has been on what their return on capital can be, and given their capital expansion needs that is something of a sore spot for them, but their operating model hasn't changed. What has changed is that S&P took a look at what has been the status quo for years and decided to kind of fire a shot across the balance, seems to me, and downgrade them and it was a warning shot I guess to Israel they need to ensure Israel Elec can achieve greater profitability. So we'll see what goes there, but they still are monopoly there and essential service in Israel. And their profits while low are adequate. So we're not concerned about their ability to service debt. Turning to Tunisia, what we can say about there is I think it's an interesting situation because one of the key reasons that Ali left Tunisia was he was not able to demonize the opposition because it was not Muslim fundamentalist opposition. It was really much more of a secular opposition. So therefore, I think you have a well educated, very secular population, that I would say that the outcome politically is highly uncertain there. But I would also say that the market has not responded with any material devaluation of their bonds. If you look back to December valuations on Tunisian public debt, and then you look at the valuations today, many of their issues trade well above par, and none of them have been devalued by more than 5% in the marketplace. So I think globally there's not the level of concern about Tunisia that there is in Egypt, which is much more, the opposition there is probably a little more troubling. InvestCorp, I think is again, an interesting situation. I think we remain pretty comfortable with InvestCorp it is a large exposure but they have really shifted much towards a key-based business model as opposed to direct investment and hedge fund et cetera. So their profitability is much more stable. They were able to raise significant capital over the last 18 months. So I would view that as a fairly stable situation.
Thomas Gallagher - Crédit Suisse AG: So given what you've said about Israel Electric and Tunisia, that they're actually trading well, should we view those as opportunities to shrink the size of those positions? Because at least from what I've heard from a number of investors, they're just uncomfortable based on the share size as opposed to the credits.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let me answer the question this way. As I said in the outset, my number one concern is concentration risk. So if there are ways to reduce concentration risks that are beneficial to us, we'll do it.
Operator: The next question is coming from Randy Binner, FBR Capital Market.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I think this is another question for Jerry. But I was just trying to understand what changed in your approach to the impairments this quarter, so the two Irish items and Aiful, and how that differs relative to other below investment-grade holdings you have, which kind of had similar unrealized loss positions? Just trying to understand kind of what changed for those and what triggered you to take an impairment on those, and how that differed from some of the other distressed items in the below investment-grade holdings?
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let's start with Aiful. The Aiful, as part of the Japanese consumer finance industry, as you probably know, we had an exposure to talk to Fuji and we sold our final exposure in the first quarter of 2010. Aiful was quite a different situation because -- and is quite a different situation, they have a significant amount of liquidity, and they have sources of funding that will last them for at least the next three or four years. But they are operating in an industry where the rules have changed materially in the last couple of years, and it changed negatively for them. But given the support of their banks and given their liquidity, we continue to support them. But when they came out with earnings results, and I think that they came out in October, we became somewhat uncomfortable with the disclosures we were receiving. And so that really precipitated the impairment there. We view their future is, I guess, more opaque than it had been. So that speaks to the Aiful situation. With our Allied Irish banks, really, I guess there were two things there that triggered our decision to sell, impairment sell. First is they started receiving -- and the two are related, the first is that they started receiving significant amounts of support from the Irish government, and as a result the politicians have kind of taken over rule of law when it comes to the rights of the bondholders. We did own a subordinated debt, which prior to the Irish banking crisis, had debt was considered exempt from law sharing. But in Ireland, there are no rules about subordinated debt anymore that we can take comfort in, and we were concerned that the Irish government was going to do exact serious law sharing penalties from subordinated debt holders of Allied Irish. So when Allied Irish announced a tender offer, we pursued that with them. Irish Life & Permanent kind of similar background, quite a different situation or they have not taken on any government support. And at this point it's unclear whether or not it will. But we decided to be proactive in that situation because they too are governed by Irish law that there's no clarity as to why it's going to resolve itself. Did that help?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: It's a very kind of credit-specific decision all the time based on the variety of circumstances. So there's no kind of rule that we can apply to the other unrealized loss positions on the below-investment grade, and I'm just trying to think ahead of what might come down the pike.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: You have hit the nail in the head. That's always how we approach these situations. And I'm glad you appreciate it, and we'll continue to approach it that way.
Operator: That next question is coming from Ed Spehar, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Kriss, I wanted to go back to clarify some of your statutory comments. I guess first on statutory operating earnings, I think your stat operating earnings to the first nine months were about $1.8 billion. So you're running about $600 million a quarter. Did something happen in the fourth quarter? Or are you just rounding down in terms of what you're saying stat operating earnings were for the full year?
Kriss Cloninger: Maybe rounded down a bit, Ed. But we did, I'm sure, carryover the dementia reserve adjustment to the statutory and things of that nature. So like I said, I don't have the final numbers, but you can assume I've rounded some of those down. Remember, too, that the ILT impairment, we'd impaired it before using the equity impairment method because it's perpetual. It had not been impaired on sets. So when we impaired it in the fourth quarter of '10 for credit purposes, a much greater amount hit stat.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right, but that would be net. But I'm talking about operating. So that would have been through operating, correct?
Kriss Cloninger: I'm sorry. Yes that's a net only.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And Kriss, your comment about pretax and after-tax losses being the same on stat, is that what we should expect going forward? Or should we expect that you would be able to have tax offsets, if you did have some high levels of losses?
Kriss Cloninger: Well on a stat basis, we don't get the same deferred tax treatment that we get under GAAP. We don't get the full benefit of a deferred tax offset on realized losses. On stat, it's more keyed to, tied into the cash tax return. There are some deferred tax provisions, but they're normally lower than you get on GAAP. And I'm not an expert on deferred tax statutory accounting. So I probably need to get back to you on that some. But I know we don't get the full benefit under stat that we get under GAAP.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: But you would assume that on a normal basis you get some offset, correct?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, there's some. But it's not the full tax rate, assuming that you can fully utilize realized losses in future tax returns.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And the question on margins. If you look at your sales expectations in Japan for 2011, and you think about what the mix is of sales in 2011, what would be -- if we're trying to sort of think about the margin dynamics here with the mix shift, if your margin in 2010, your pretax margin on revenue was, I think it was 20.6%, if you just looked at the collection of business you're going to write, or you think you'll write in 2011, what kind of range of margin would you think if you try to put it on a comparable basis thinking about pretax margin on revenue?
Kriss Cloninger: It depends. I know you know that production in the bank channel, particularly of the child endowment and WAYS, is going to drive the overall margin down a little bit because those two products produce more investment-spread income than they do -- let me use a property and cash context underwriting income, the difference between premiums, benefits and expenses, particularly child endowment, that's kind of as close to zero underwriting product we're putting equals benefits and expenses at the assumed pricing interest rate. And then what you do is make a spread on the reserves based on the difference between earned interest rate on investment assets and the required interest rate on reserves. And that's going to emerge more over time, Ed, on that child endowment. And also I've talked about advanced premium deposit funds of being spread-type generator, too. So those spreads don't emerge in proportion to premium. They emerge over time in proportion to invested assets and earned rates versus credited rates. And WAYS is similar though not quite as extreme as child endowment. So I'm telling you that if the margin, the underwriting margin goes down, it's going to be replaced to some extent by increased investment spreads that you won't directly see. The way we look at the numbers now, I'm promising you all, we talked about this some the many fab in September, we didn't talk about it on the program, but I talked to a number of you. I'll mention it again, I think in the third quarter report and at the fab meeting in May, I'm going to try to lay out a lot more about the impact of child endowment and WAYS on the margin computations. But I want to assure you that those products are expected to produce profits, not quite at the level of our medical products. And I've told you that, that they're going to add to the overall profitability of corporation by growing revenue faster than we otherwise would have grown it, and by producing margins, they're going to add to total profits.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Anyway Kriss, if you can just tell us what you think about just on a statutory our cash basis what type of internal rate of return you think you'll get on selling those products?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, it's in the teens, I don't think it's in the 20s.
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: High or low?
Kriss Cloninger: Huh?
Edward Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: High teens, low teens, mid-teens?
Kriss Cloninger: I'd say mid to more like, let me just say, 15 to 17 I think is what I've been seeing out of some of our profit testing work.
Robin Wilkey: Catherine, it's just past 10:00. So I think it's time for us to close the session, please.
Operator: And would you like to take one more question?
Robin Wilkey: I'm sorry, we're past 10:00 already. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This will conclude today's session. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Janke - SVP, IR Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger III - President, CFO, Treasurer, and Director Charles Lake II - Chairman, Aflac Japan Tohru Tonoike - President and COO, Aflac Japan Paul Amos II - President and COO, Aflac US W. Jeremy Jeffery - SVP, Investments and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Ed Spehar - Bank of America Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Andrew Kligerman - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Ken Janke : Thank you, Caroline. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me in Columbus today is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of our US Operations; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan, joins us from Tokyo. Before we begin this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. The actual results in the future could differ materially from those we discuss today. As such, we'd encourage you to look at our recent quarterly press release for some of the various risk factors that could affect our future results. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan who will talk about our quarter and operations in Japan and in the United States. I'll follow up with just few financial highlights for the quarter, and then we'll take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Ken. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Overall, we're very pleased with our results for the first quarter and believe we're on track for achieving our primary financial objectives for both capital levels and earnings growth this year. Let me begin this morning's call with a review of our insurance operations beginning with Aflac Japan. Aflac Japan produced strong financial results in the first quarter. Revenue growth was in line with our expectation. In addition, our pre-tax margin continued to expand as expected, resulting in strong earnings growth for the quarter. We were especially pleased with the continued sales momentum in the quarter. In fact Aflac Japan generated the largest first quarter production in its 36 year history. Total new sales for the quarter rose 10% to 30.3 billion yen. Our first quarter sales continue to benefit from strong consumer response to the recent product introductions, effective promotions and channel expansion. First quarter medical sales were again strong, increasing 21.4% over the first quarter of 2009. Medical sales reflected the successful revision of our popular medical product ever. As you know, we promoted this revised product with the maneki-neko duck campaign, which became an overnight sensation in Japan last year. Our commercial featuring maneki-neko duck was the number one rated television ad among 2,300 ads running on the major TV stations in Japan when we first released it last year. In addition, the jingle from the commercial was the most popular cell phone download in Japan for six days in a row after it was released. Today, we have distributed approximately 1.6 million maneki-neko ducks through Japan. We continue to produce strong sales in our ordinary life category. Ordinary life sales were up 64.4% in the first quarter, with the new child endowment product accounting for approximately 44% of the total ordinary life sales. We sold more than 29,900 child endowment policies in the first quarter at an average premium of 155,600 yen per policy. Although the child endowment product has a lower margin than the health products, the premium is almost three times higher than the cancer and the medical product. As such, it's a solid contributor to both the top and bottom lines. In addition, we've been able to leverage our child endowment sales through cross selling. In fact, for every 10 child endowment plans sold, our agents sold two additional policies to the same customers. We also experienced strong gains in the bank channel sales in the first quarter. March was the single largest month of production from this channel and bank channel sales were a record 3.1 billion yen in the quarter. That represents 6.5% increase over the fourth quarter of 2009 and a 206.6% increase over a year ago. At the end of March, a total of 352 banks represented Aflac Japan. We have a strong position within the bank channel and have significantly more bank selling for third sector products than any other insurer operating in Japan. We believe our objective of a zero to 5% growth in 2010 is reasonable and our first quarter sales results are a good start toward achieving that objective. However, we do not expect second quarter sales to be as strong as the first quarter largely due to tougher comparisons. I'll remind you, for instance, that we introduced our popular child endowment product last March. As such, growth rates in the ordinary life product category for the remainder of the year will be much lower than we've produced in the last several quarters. In addition, as we discussed in the fourth quarter conference call, we expect much lower sales contributions from our largest telemarketing based agency. We also expect sales from Dai-ichi Life to be down for the full year. To put this in perspective, excluding the impact from these two channels, first quarter sales rose 21.7%, yet despite these headwinds, we're encouraged by our 10% sales increase in the quarter and our prospects in Japan for this year and beyond. We continue to believe that Aflac Japan is positioned as a strongest competitor in the third sector in Japan. Let me turn to our US operations. From a financial perspective, Aflac US performance was in line with our expectations in the first quarter. As expected, our persistency rate was lower than a year ago. The drop in the first quarter was attributable to the significant lapses at the Wal-Mart account. Excluding the impact from that large account, persistency improved to 72.3% for the first quarter compared to 66.9% a year ago. However, as we expected when we announced the loss of the account last March, the earnings impact from the loss of the account was actually very positive in the first quarter due to the sizable release of reserves we held for the block of business. As has been the case for the last several quarters, we continue to face sales challenges in the US markets. Total new annualized premium sales in the quarter were $316 million or 10% lower than a year ago. Although we weren't pleased with sales decline, we were not surprised. I hope you remember my comments from the fourth quarter call when I said that we expected to see a sizable decline in the first quarter sales due in part to five fewer production days in the first quarter of 2010 compared to last year. The impact on sales from fewer days was approximately $16 million. However, that was largely offset by $13 million of sales from the new Aflac Group business. Beyond the tough comparisons, difficult economic conditions continue to pose obstacles to sales growth. Throughout this period of economic weakness, our veteran agents in particular have faced very challenging reenrollment conditions. Because many businesses have reduced staffing, it's common for our sales associates to see fewer employees during reenrollment, and employees they do see are likely to be more cautious about spending. The impact from the sales through veteran agents is meaningful because approximately 70% of our total US sales come from agents who have been with us more than one year. Remember too that approximately 90% of the businesses we sell through have fewer than 100 workers. Clearly, small businesses have been especially vulnerable in the current economy. Historically, we've been able to offset some of the impact of the weak economy through better recruiting. You may recall that recruiting was up an incredibly 25% to 8,100 new agents in the first quarter of last year, which was our largest number of recruits in a single quarter. Our record recruiting a year ago coincides with a major Internet recruiting campaign and some massive layoff at large employers, which gave us a unique opportunity to recruit. Against that tough comparison, recruiting in the first quarter was relatively weak with 5,900 new recruits. However, on a sequential basis, first quarter recruiting was up 6.9% than the fourth quarter. In addition to tough comparisons, we experienced some contraction in the number of sales coordinators, which has reduced our recruiting capacity. A portion of the coordinator reduction was strategic consolidation and some was through attrition. We are currently evaluating our coordinator level to determine where we might need to rebuild. We've also changed the bonus structure for our state and regional coordinators from one that was based entirely on sales to a structure including people development. The comparison to last year's second quarter will be very difficult on a year-to-year basis. We expect to see recruiting decline for the second quarter. However, we expect to see better recruiting in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. In addition to expanding the size and capabilities of a traditional sales force, we are excited about the opportunities to enhance our distribution system with the addition of insurance brokers. Our efforts to build new and better relationship in the regional and large account broker market began in 2007. In 2009, we officially launched an initiative called Aflac for Brokers. We have staffed our broker department with employees who have significant experience in broker sales. Although our entry into the distribution outlet is fairly recent, we are very pleased with our results so far. As I mentioned in our last conference call, an independent survey in January of this year found that Aflac is the number one preferred carrier of voluntary insurance among brokers. More importantly, our effort is translating into sales. In the first quarter broker sales rose 30.6% over last year. That reflected the inclusion of the new Aflac Group business in the first quarter of this year, most of which is broker distributed. However, on a pro forma basis in which Aflac Group sales were included in the first quarter results for both this year and last year, broker sales were still up 5.9%. You'll recall that we acquired Continental American Insurance Company, now branded as Aflac Group Insurance, in part to better meet the product needs of our broker distribution. At the same time, however, Group product should enhance the sales opportunity for our traditional sales force of individual associates. In fact, our sales force is very enthusiastic about the new Group products. We also believe this will better position us to tap into the large payroll account market as larger businesses typically prefer Group products. In Middle East, we are not only new to the Group business, we are actually playing catch up as some of our competitors been offering Group products through Group for many years. In addition, it may take some time for the Group sales to have a meaningful impact to the overall US sales growth. However, we bought a scalable platform and we expect to see strong sales growth in the Group side of our business in the future. In the short term, our outlook for new sales in the United States remains cautious due primarily to the weak economy and high levels of unemployment. Earlier this year, we established a 2010 target of a zero to 5% sales growth for the US segment. We have since modified our objective to enable our US officers to earn a small bonus if the sales are flat to down 5% in the first half, but that portion can only be paid if sales are flat to up 5% in the second half. We found this two part bonus structure to be effective in motivating our management team when we used it in Japan three years ago and we hope it will have the same impact on Aflac US this year. Although I don't like the idea of paying a bonus for negative sales performance, I believe it's important to set reasonable targets. Given the circumstances, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors also felt the two part bonus was appropriate for this year. I believe our objective for the second half of the year is achievable if we see improvement in employment levels of our core markets, which compromises business with fewer than 50 workers. In the long run, our outlook for Aflac US has not changed. We continue to view the US market as underpenetrated. Furthermore, following the enactment of the healthcare reform, we believe employers and consumers will increasingly understand the need for products we offer, just as they have in Japan. Overall, we are pleased with Aflac's consolidated financial performance in the first quarter of this year. Operating earnings per diluted share rose 15.6% to $1.41. Excluding the impact of the stronger yen, operating earnings per share rose 11.5% for the quarter. Gross realized investment losses in the quarter were lower than in the fourth quarter and a year ago. However, because we generated $146 million of realized gains in the first quarter of last year to take advantage of tax loss carry-forward, net realized investment losses were higher than a year ago. As we noted in last night's press release, we booked $27 million of GAAP-only impairments on two perpetual securities using the equity impairment method. These impairments resulted from rating deterioration of these securities. As we repeatedly discussed, we are required by GAAP accounting to apply an aging schedule of unrealized losses to the perpetual securities that are classified as below investment grade. Our business continued to generate significant capital in the first quarter. Although we've not yet completed our statutory financials statement, we estimate that our risk based capital ratio was in excess of 525% at the end of March. Maintaining the strong RBC ratio remains a priority for us. Like last year, it's an important component of our management incentive plan for all Aflac officers. Our official objective for this year is to maintain the ratio range of 375% to 475%. However we plan to work towards finishing 2010 with a higher RBC ratio than year end 2009 ratio of 479%. I realized that many of you have asked when we feel comfortable deploying capital again. As I noted last quarter, we would like to extend our record of 27 consecutive annual increases in the cash dividend to 28 and beyond. If the credit markets remain relatively stable, I think it's reasonable to expect the Board to approve a dividend increase some time during the second half of the year. Over the long run, our capital generation has allowed us to maintain a policy of steadily increasing the cash dividend. Additionally, we continue to believe it's appropriate to enhance shareholder value through prudent share repurchases. However, before we commit to resuming share repurchase, we will closely monitor global financial markets to make sure the worst is behind us. We will also regularly assess our capital levels and measure our RBC ratio. I think it's likely that the soonest we would consider repurchasing our shares is towards the end of this year or 2011. Our objective is to increase the cash dividend and resume share repurchase, but our greatest priority that continues is to maintain a strong capital position. Yet, at the same time, we are still focused on the income statement. In that regard, we reaffirm the earnings outlook we previously communicated in 2010. Our goal this year is to increase operating earnings per diluted share by 9% to 12% before the impact of the yen. At our upcoming Analyst Meeting, we will discuss the outlook for 2011 earnings growth. I remain pleased with Aflac positioned in the two best insurance markets in the world. We continue to believe Japan and the United States each have characteristics that make them perfectly suited to our products. Aflac has earned the distinction of being the best branded company for voluntary supplemental products in each country. Importantly, both markets offer opportunities for growth. In pursuing our objectives for this year and beyond, it's clear that we will continue to face some challenge. However, our business is strong from an operational perspective and we have confidence in our business model and in our people. We also have to strengthen our balance sheet that will allow us to continue to fulfill the promises that we've made to the customers and the expectations of our shareholders. Ken?
Ken Janke : Thank you, Dan. Let me just take you briefly through some of the first quarter numbers, staring with Aflac Japan. Beginning at the top line in yen terms, revenues were up 3.6% for the quarter and investment income rose 2.5%. Excluding the effect of a stronger yen in Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income, net investment income rose 3.5% for the quarter. The annualized persistency rate, excluding the annuity business, was strong and little changed in the first quarter. The rate was 93.8% compared with 93.9% a year ago. In terms of operating ratios, the benefit ratio continued to improve over the last year and was 59.5% in the first quarter versus 61.5% a year ago. The expense ratio also improved slightly at 19.1%, down from 19.5% in the first quarter of '09. As a result of the lower benefit and expense ratios, pre-tax margin rose from 19% to 21.4% in the quarter, and with the expansion of the margin, pre-tax operating earnings increased 16.8% for the quarter in yen terms. For the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen securities at 2.46%. Including dollars, the blended rate was 2.67%. Although new money yields were lower due to spread compression in the purchase of higher rated securities, they were above budget for the quarter. The portfolio yield was 3.75% at the end of March, down 2 basis points from the end of December and 12 basis points lower than a year ago. Turning to Aflac US, total revenues rose 3.7% in the first quarter. The benefit ratio was 45.5% compared with 49.5% a year ago. The decline in the benefit ratio reflected the higher lapsation from the Wal-Mart policies in the quarter, and higher lapses also increased DAC amortization, which was up 9% versus a year ago. The operating expense ratio rose from 33.9% to 35.4%, reflecting both the higher DAC amortization as well as higher advertising expenses which were planned for the first quarter. The profit margin for the quarter was 19.1% compared with 16.6% a year ago, and as we indicated in last night's press release, the margin would have been approximately 16% without the impact of the benefit reserve release related to the Wal-Mart terminations. In terms of US investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 5.98% versus 8.67% a year ago. Like Japan, our new money yields in the US segment were ahead of budget for the quarter. The yield on the portfolio at the end of March was 7.06%, down 11 basis points from the fourth quarter and 12 basis points lower than a year ago. Turning to some other items for the quarter, non insurance interest expense in the first quarter was $31 million compared with $7 million a year ago. The higher interest expense primarily reflected our debt issuance in 2009. Parent company and other expenses were unusually low in the first quarter of last year and rose from $9 million to $14 million in the first quarter of 2010. Total company operating margins rose, reflecting the improved profitability of Aflac Japan and Aflac US As a result, the pre-tax margin rose from 18.1% to 20% and the after-tax margin increased from 11.8% to 13% in the first quarter this year. On an operating basis, the tax rate was unchanged at 34.7%. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $1.35 compared with the $1.22 a year ago. Realized investment losses were $0.06 per share compared with $0.01 per share in the first quarter of 2009. During the quarter, we realized investment loss of $77 million or $0.16 per diluted share, as we noted $49 million of which came from the sale of the remaining of our holdings of Takefuji Corporation and $27 million, as Dan mentioned, came from the equity impairment method charges on two perpetuals. We also realized investment gains of $47 million or $0.10 per diluted share in the quarter, $36 million resulted from the sale of securities. The remaining $11 million gain was due to the valuation of foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps has required by ASC 810, formally known as SFAS 167. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, ASC 810 eliminated the concept of qualified special purpose entities and required us to consolidate certain variable interest entities on the balance sheet. Upon adoption, we made a one time cumulative adjustment, which reduced shareholders' equity by $165 million. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 15.6% to $1.41 and the stronger yen increased earnings by $0.05 per diluted share in the quarter. Finally, let me comment on the outlook for 2010. As you heard Dan say, we have affirmed our objective for 2010 of a 9% to 12% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of currency. That would equate to $5.29 to $5.43 for the full year. Assuming an exchange rate of 90 to 95 yen to the dollar, we would be at $5.24 to $5.56. If the yen average is 90 to 95 for the second quarter, we would expect operating earnings to be in the range of $1.33 to $1.38. We'd now be happy to take your questions. And to allow time for everyone to ask questions, please try and limit your questions to one. If you have more, we'll try and get back with you. Caroline, we'd be happy to go to the Q&A now.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question or comment comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: I had a question on your excess capital position and ability to buy back stock, just trying to estimate the magnitudes of buyback. I think, Dan, you mentioned that you'll look at potential buyback later in 2010. Could you maybe discuss what you expect your RBC to be longer term? And just help us quantify what the size of buyback would be on an ongoing basis, like how much cushion you have versus your goal and the 525% RBC right now, then free cash flow I think it's over $1 billion each year, so just so we can get a better idea on what the magnitude of buyback could be on an ongoing basis?
Kriss Cloninger III: We had given some guidance in our previous FAB meeting that our modeling or EPS guidance modeling is based on share repurchase of somewhere between zero to 12 million shares, both for 2010 and 2011. We'll pretty much stick to that. We have been running share repurchase at a rate of about 12 million shares a year until 2008, and then we accelerated the share repurchase when we thought we had a significant amount of excess capital. You can argue whether or not that turned out to be the case. Today, we ended last year at 479%. We're in excess of 525% at the end of the first quarter. I'll say with the situation in Greece and the like in their downgrades that happened yesterday that will have some negative effect on RBC. And it just points out the need to continue to do what we said we were going to do during 2010, which was to watch the environment, to see how things stabilize, and then to make our decision towards the end of 2010, at which point we'll start to deploy excess capital. I've personally told Ken Janke I don't want to use the words excess capital in any of our press releases for the foreseeable future. If you want to quantify, I think it's pretty easy to tell a difference between them. The stated RBC ratios, I would say – 479% and whatever our current position is, I will say that our required capital base is about $1.2 billion, which would represent about 100 points of RBC. So, if you want to determine the difference between where we are in RBC and where you think we ought to be, based on your personal opinion, you are welcome to quantify it yourself, but I'm still avoiding using the words excess capital today.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And maybe you could call that a capital cushion. But the reason I was asking is, if you have $1 billion above your target and you are generating $1 billion plus of free cash flow each year, if you are thinking longer term next year or the year beyond, would you let the capital just sit there, or over time if the markets are stable and the situation in Greece and everywhere else stabilizes, would you ramp-up buybacks at least to use up your free cash flow each year?
Kriss Cloninger III: We've said that's under active consideration.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And then just following up, do you know what the impact on your RBC is from the Greece downgrades?
Kriss Cloninger III: We've done some, I'll call them, quick and dirty estimates that said that if all our investments in Greece get downgraded to an NAIC 3 category, which is basically BB, it impact us by roughly 14 RBC points. That includes (inaudible) the bank exposure.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And just a numbers question, on your interest expense side, it was $31 million this quarter, around $25 million last couple of quarters. Is the first quarter a good run rate to use going forward?
Kriss Cloninger III: Yeah. We fully absorbed the increased interest expense for the first time in the first quarter of 2010. So, that's a good run rate. From now on, we will get a slight decrease in that run rate when we pay off our yen denominated senior notes of 40 billion yen in early July, but the interest rate on that was pretty low. So it's not going to be a material decline. Interest expense will be between 110 million, 120 million for the year.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: I was hoping I can hear from Mr. Tonoike about what was going on in Japan. I'm particularly interested in Kampo. My understanding is that the DPJ recently okayed Kampo to increase the life benefits that it pays outside of its policies, increased the amount of deposits it can take. And recently, I believe, there was a proposal floated to allow Japan Post Insurance to enter new markets without official approval, rather just notifying various ministries. So I was wondering what exactly was going on there with Kampo?
Dan Amos: I asked Charles Lake to be on the call just in case we got a question. Charles is Chairman, of course, of Aflac Japan. So, Charles, would you mind addressing that?
Charles Lake II: Let we first say that in terms of development relating to Japan Post and Kampo, we expect a cabinet decision regarding a bill on Japan Post reform either on April 30th or May 7th, which will be followed by an introduction of that bill to the Japanese Diet or the parliament for debate after the Golden Week holidays in Japan, which is, as you know, early part of May. The cabinet decision will likely be based on the outline that was announced by the two ministers in charge of postal reform, which, as you probably know, was widely reported. It provoked opposition inside the cabinet as well as domestic and international communities. The debate that will take place in the Diet will be taking place in the context of very complex political dynamics in Japan. A three party coalition headed by Democratic Party of Japan, DPJ, as you mentioned, which is about to face an Upper House election in July. And for this reason, again, many of the things that you mentioned with respect to those ideas, many policy experts on the ground in Tokyo say that it's really not clear whether this bill will actually pass the Diet by the June 16 close of the current legislative session. We are in close communication with many of the key players in the Diet, in the government, and many verify or confirm that assessment. So, even if the bill does pass the Diet by June, the legislation will be lacking in detail, requiring a lot of regulatory work, with an implementation date being possibly as late as October 2011. So, accordingly – maybe will be premature to discuss a lot of things that's floating out there or rumored to be in the cabinet decision. Tohru and I have talked about this. In our view, this debate will not have an immediate material impact on our operations in Japan, and Aflac Japan is continuing to work with postal network to develop that channel. So I don't know if that helps elaborate on sort of many of the issues that are out there.
Dan Amos: Let me say one other thing about postal is that the new product that we've been selling, the life insurance product, the child endowment, is in direct competition with the postal. And as you've seen the numbers, we have done exceptionally well. So I am encouraged how we are able to compete in a head-to-head with Post, even though I think Charles explained it better in much more detail that we are a long ways from seeing anything take place.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Dan, just a follow up on that, just to make sure we are apples-to-apples here. Your child endowment policy – well, is postal ought to have the same amount of benefits that you provide?
Dan Amos: Tohru, why don't you answer that?
Tohru Tonoike: Yes. The benefit now their product is offering is not exactly the same as ours, but basically they provide the same, say, kind of the benefit. We think ours is a better product overall, but it is I would say, similar in nature.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: My question is regarding the US You mentioned some changes in compensation to include a component for people development. Can you provide some additional details regarding these changes linked to recruiting or producing agent counts, and how much of the compensation is going to be linked to this measure relative to sales?
Dan Amos: I'll be more than happy to talk about that, Nigel. We have traditionally had bonuses at our highest levels of management focused solely on production. While that does well within a single calendar year, it is essential for us to look at the long-term viability in growth of our organizations. And we felt it was good to include not only producer growth but account growth on a net basis. So there is a form of retention in there along with the production components. We feel like this is a more balanced scorecard for our people to determine what they need to be doing in the future. I will tell you that as a part of that, recruiting is not included in that. What is included is average weekly new producer growth. The reason we did that is recruiting is merely an activity of getting people. We need to make sure that those people are being more productive. That's the reason when you saw, and as Dan mentioned, on our Internet recruiting numbers, we had a high volume of recruits, 8,100 in the first quarter of last year. Unfortunately, the productivity from those recruits was not as high as we would like. And as such, we've refocused the attention of our regional sales coordinators and state sales coordinators to be balanced among the different channels of sourcing for recruiting, not just Internet, but also to include field nomination, the way we used to do business. And we feel like that will have a driving component behind why our average weekly new producer growth will eventually come up as recruiting comes up. And so, that's why Dan spoke of second half improvement sequentially in recruiting between the first quarter and the second quarter, and then look for improved recruiting in the second half of the year.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: And Paul, what's the split between the compensation regarding the new measures of average weekly producing account versus traditional production levels?
Paul Amos II: You mean the split between the two, is that what you asked?
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, exactly.
Paul Amos II: It's about 50% production, 20% account growth and 30% people growth as a ballpark. I'll give you all the details if you want them when we get the FAB when I'll put that into a little more depth.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Ed Spehar from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America: Kriss, one question. If you look in the last couple of years the required capital has grown at a rapid pace because of credit migration, but if you go back in prior year – so I'm talking about denominator of the RBC ratio, if you go back in prior years it wasn't growing all that rapidly. Could you give us some sense given the mix of business you have and some of your expectations for growth, how we should think about the change in required capital over time?
Kriss Cloninger III: I think generally, Ed, the key factors are the growth of the premium income and the growth of the assets themselves. It's focused on insurance risk and it's focused on asset risk. And what's really grown over the last year or two has been the asset risk component of the thing. The insurance risk is represented by growth in premium income and the like has grown, let's say, the 5% type number on average that's represented in our core growth and top line revenues and the like. So, that's pretty much it. The two risks of insurance and asset are the two dominant factors, and the big increase in 2008 and 2009 related to the assets, not the insurance. And I think absent any more credit migrations or credit downgrades that we'll see a resumption of the more normal growth in RBC required capital associated with just the normal growth in the business.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America: And just more follow up. Could you just give me again what you said the RBC impact you estimated from Greece? And when you say the total amount downgraded, could you give us what that invested asset number is because I guess it's not just the sovereign, right, you said it was banks as well?
Kriss Cloninger III: Right. We've got around 350 or sovereign debt in Greece and around $1 billion in three banks, maybe a little less than that. Jerry, do you have…
W. Jeremy Jeffery: It's about $950 million in three Greek banks.
Kriss Cloninger III: A little less. So, out of that $1.3 billion total, we're saying that if all those securities were downgraded NAIC 3, it would impact RBC negatively by about 14 points.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America: Okay, are those mix now of NAIC 1 and 2 or they are all 1?
Kriss Cloninger III: Correct. Yeah, they are 1 and 2 right now.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Eric Berg from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: My one question relates to the US business and what specifically has to happen in the economy for employers to be more inclined to do business with you folks than they are at present? In other words, more specifically my question is, let's say the consensus view is right that unemployment remains high for the foreseeable future, call it the next couple of years unemployment, I don't know, of 8%, 9% or 10%, could your business prosper in the United States even with that high level of unemployment?
Paul Amos II: Let me begin, Eric, by saying that it really isn't the employer that's the issue. It is the employees and the individuals who are making choices. In fact, while our account number that we released was down, if you were to actually take out the five extra days of processing, we were up 3.7% in new account. So employers more than ever are listening to the fact that they want to put in our products they see the value in what we are doing. We continue to believe that's viable. As we've talked about for a couple of years now, the other concept is that it's building shelf space because it's the employees individually who are not purchasing at the same level. And to let you know, that's true of both our existing accounts and our new accounts. It's pretty consistent, which we believe points directly to the fact that it is the account. So, to your question of what needs to happen for employers to begin hiring new people, I can't speak directly to what they are going to be doing in their individual businesses, but my hope is that this will not be a jobless recovery. Certainly, the better employment is, the stronger chance we have of continuing to sell our products, and I think stability in the economy will give people more security about spending their dollars all on insurance. Does that answer your question?
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: I think it does. I certainly got the message. The message is coming through loudly and clearly that it is fundamentally about what the employee thinks rather than his employer. But again, let's say, that unemployment rate remains high, could you still imagine an environment in which employees are willing more that at present to say yes? The employee I guess, I'm rephrasing my question to focus now on the employees?
Paul Amos II: Yeah, I can absolutely imagine that. Is that something that's going to happen in the short term, I cannot predict, but we certainly are putting strategies in place that we believe will help better affect sales. One thing I can tell you on a positive note is that while the productivity of our veteran agents, which has been one of the key reasons that we've talked about things being difficult has remained down, the number of veteran agents who are producing has been steadily on the increase over the last couple of months. So, we feel like that is a slight uptick in trend that is positive. But again, it's productivity. And to your point, do I see employees eventually wanting to buy more of our insurance, I absolutely do. As Dan mentioned earlier, national healthcare is going to place an emphasis on people understanding the better value of our products. And I believe long term, just like it did in Japan, that will be a positive for us.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Actually I was going to ask a couple of Washington policy type questions. It picks up right there on what Paul was saying. On the healthcare reform, and I'm hearing you say it's a general awareness folks would have of their personal responsibilities, but are you also potentially thinking about making a product that could be designed to be sold in or around the exchanges that will be formed?
Paul Amos II: As the current law exists today, our policies will not be sold through the exchanges. At this point, we have no reason to believe that that's going to change. If you look at the regulation itself, currently there is no regulation for life disability and accident, some of our largest product lines. It is the remaining products that ultimately are going to be overseen. At this point, we believe that the product development that we're doing through our distribution of both field force and the brokers represents the best opportunity for us to get to the employer, and I do not believe right now that the exchanges would be in any way used for supplemental or voluntary worksite benefits.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: But is there a way that you could sell around the exchanges more directly if there are shortfalls that people get from products there?
Dan Amos: Whether it's an exchange, whether it's an HMO, whether it's a national healthcare as in Japan or whether it's Blue Cross Blue Shield, there are still gaps that occur, and our job as sales people is to make sure that we expose those gaps, tell them where they are and how they need to be filled. And so, the answer to your question from that standpoint is, yes, we will continue to find products and services that help fill gaps that are created in the healthcare environment. Does that answer your question?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Yeah, that's perfect. Thank you. And then just on the other piece of legislation, the financial reform. Through the derivatives piece of this potential legislation, and then I guess I would mention TARP tax too, any potential exposure or change that you see for Aflac's operations through that bill?
Dan Amos: We are following it, but we don't see any major implications for us. The so called TARP tax, it's my understanding that they are excluding financial institutional liabilities that are subject to another support fund, whether its policyholder protection fund in Japan or the state regulatory remedies in the US when insurance companies fail. So, we don't think there is a big influence on us there.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: And on the derivative side, just intuitively, if you had to purchase your derivatives instead of doing it over-the-counter, which I imagine you do now, but did it more through more transparent exchange, could that potentially save you money? Would I be thinking about the right way if I said that?
W. Jeremy Jeffery: I think it's important to understand that we have some derivatives on our books now as a result of accounting changes. We are not active participants in derivative markets. So I don't really see any significant impact on any derivatives reform that takes place.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from Suneet Kamath from Sanford C. Bernstein. Your line is open.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: I just wanted to go back, for Jerry, on the sovereign exposure. I think the Greek sovereign exposure that you mentioned earlier on the call is a little bit different from the numbers that I jotted down last night. So, if you don't mind, can you just walk through the sovereign exposure, Greece, Spain, Italy, and maybe just comments around what exactly your exposure is, is it to the government or other entities? And then related to that, I think you mentioned total Greek exposure, banks plus sovereign, is something like $1.3 billion, which, relative to your equity base, is pretty sizeable. I know we've talked on these calls about concentration restrictions and then changes that you've made to your investment philosophy there, but do you have restrictions or are you thinking about restrictions related to total country exposure, obviously excluding Japan, given that governments and financial institutions in these countries have obviously become a lot more late relative to the past?
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let me start with your first one, which is what our sovereign exposures look like. Our direct sovereign exposure to Greece is – the book value is about $285 million. And we have, on a book value basis, just slightly over – very slightly over $1 billion two Greek banks. None of the Greek bank exposure is perpetual exposure by the way. As far as – I think it was Portugal one you asked about, we have no direct sovereign exposure to Portugal – have some exposure to their banking system. The total exposure to their banking system in Portugal is approximately $750 million book value. We do have some industrial exposure there as well.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Spain and Italy were the other two I mentioned.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Spain, we have no sovereign, no direct sovereign exposure. Italy, we do have exposure to the Republic of Italy. Book value there is $269 million. In terms of your other question, which is, are we contemplating imposing sovereign limits – is that your question?
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: That's right, exactly.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: I think it's a great question and I think it's one that we're looking at very carefully right now because the notion of a sovereign default by an EU country or any highly rated country was unthinkable couple of months ago. And I still don't think it's predictable as to what's going to happen with Greece, but there is enormous pressure being applied by the EU and the IMF, as we speak, and it will be instructive as to how we proceed what takes place there. But I think we learnt a lot today actually as to the course that that takes and we will respond to that.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from Darin Arita from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: As I take a look at this year's EPS growth guidance of 9% to 12%, can you talk about what the critical drivers are as we look through the balance of this year to get to the upper end of that growth range?
Kriss Cloninger III: The key drivers that are going to occur throughout the year are just the basics of revenue growth and margin changes. In Japan, we continue to think the revenue growth will be in line with the first quarter growth of roughly 3.5%. We think we'll have margin expansion of roughly 1.5% to 2% of revenue. We'll update you on that probably at the FAB meeting, but I think it will be in line with what we saw in the first quarter. US revenue growth, certainly the US is more impacted by the level of new sales in their revenue growth because roughly 30% of revenues come from first year of premium in the US or as in Japan it's less than 10% of first year of premium. So, the US results are much sensitive to the level of new sales. We have predicted the level margin for our US business absent the impact of the Wal-Mart thing, which was totally a first quarter event. So, we estimate that our US margins would probably be relatively constant for the remainder of the year. I mentioned interest expense earlier. We fully absorb the new level of interest expense in the first quarter compared to the quarters during 2009. So the effect of increased interest expense will diminish as we go through the year. We took on our first level of new debt, the $850 million of new debt middle of May last year. We followed that with a little bit of additional yen-denominated debt in June, and of course, another measure of senior debt in December of $400 million or so. So that effect is going to diminish throughout the year. We had a negative impact on EPS growth in the first quarter related to an increase in diluted shares, just associated with the increase in the share price and dilutive effect of outstanding stock options from – up until 2009 when the stock price was really depressed, we'd had roughly 6 million shares of dilution each year from, say 2005, through 2008. First quarter 2009 that dropped down from 6 million shares to about 1 million shares, and the first quarter of this year is back up to about 4.5 million shares. So, we hope to see more dilution from stock option as the stock price goes up, but that is a bit of a drag on EPS. We doubt that we'll resume share repurchase in 2010, though it is under consideration. And I previously talked about what we're looking for, for share repurchase in 2011. So, that's the big picture, Darin.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: So are share repurchases not necessary for 2010 to get to the 12%?
Kriss Cloninger III: Not for 9, but…
Dan Amos: He asked for 12.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yeah, I know about the 12. I am not sure about whether – we'd have to have some better increases in core earnings to get to the 12 I think. I'm not sure we're going to do share repurchase in time to have a material impact on 2010 EPS.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from Andrew Kligerman from UBS. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Just some question on the US Firstly, you indicated that in order to pay bonuses out to the coordinators or I guess management in the US, sales would have to be up zero to 5% in the first half of the year. Is that correct?
Kriss Cloninger III: Second half.
Dan Amos: It will be [flawed] down 5% to up to flat, and then the second half would be flat or up 5%. But you can't get the first half if you don't get the second half. It's exactly the way we did it in Japan three years ago. So we're basically trying if we ended up being flat for the first half, we'd be thrilled. But what we want to see is a turnaround, that's what we're shooting for.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And I guess for these folks to do – to even make anything, then they'd have to be flat in the second quarter in order to be down 5% since you were down 10% in the first quarter. So, do you have any optimism that they could actually be flat 2Q over 2Q in the US?
Dan Amos: Let me say just a clarification. 2Q only impacts the bonus for the first half, and that's only 25% of the total. So, they could still get to 75% for the second half of the year if they got an increase, even if they miss the first half objective. And maybe that was clear before, but I am not sure.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: It's a lot clearer now. So with regard to that question, do you have some optimism that they could potentially be flat in the second quarter and then get up zero to 5% year-over-year in the second half? What are you thinking as we move into the next three quarters?
Dan Amos: Andrew, I honestly believe that the things that are within our control, we have the right initiatives in place to create short term and especially long-term results. Unfortunately, there still remains a large economic component to the factors that are contributing to our sales. And until I have a better grasp on improving economic conditions, I cannot really state what I think and how close we'll be to that. But in general, I would say that our field force remains extremely optimistic. The broker production in general remains backend loaded, with the largest emphasis being in the latter half of the year because of open enrollments that occur. And so, am I optimistic? I think that I am happy with the progress we are making internally.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And then, Paul, maybe just to follow up, this is the first time in a while I've heard about any contraction with the sales coordinators, and you mentioned some is attrition, some you wanted to move out of that role earlier in this call. Is there a problem right now with the sales coordinators? Do you have any concerns at this stage in the game?
Paul Amos II: I honestly believe that there is always a rise and fall as you grow. The question is where is the trajectory in the long term? I believe that we contracted backwards to consolidate certain over expanded areas, where people and coordinators specifically were not making enough money to really be sustainable. As a result, it did decrease our recruiting and training capacity. But I believe long term we'll create stronger organization that can then grow and provide people opportunities to take on management roles. So, do I have an expectation in the long term of that number of coordinators growing? I do. Do I think it will be massive growth? I don't, I think it will be a linear growth that will happen over time as a result of people being successful and being given the opportunity to grow their operation as has been historical with Aflac.
Ken Janke Jr.: Caroline, I'm showing that we've reached the top of the hour, 10 o'clock. So I'm afraid if there are still people in the queue, please feel free to call Robin Wilkey or myself. We'll be happy to continue the dialogue and take your questions. And thank you again for joining us and we hope to see you at our Analyst Meeting in just a couple of weeks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Janke – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Dan Amos – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger – President, Chief Financial Officer Paul Amos – President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer of U.S. Business Jerry Jeffery – Senior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer Toru Tonoike – President, Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Edward Spehar Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Andrew Kligerman [Sydney Thomas] – Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Janke: Thank you, Wendy. Good morning everybody and thanks for taking the time to join us this morning. With me in Columbus is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Business; Jerry Jeffery – Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and Toru Tonoike, who is President and COO of Aflac Japan, joins us from Tokyo. Before we begin this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements we’ll make in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance they’ll prove to be accurate because they’re prospective in nature. The actual results in the future could differ materially from those we discuss today and I’d encourage you to look at our press release from last night for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact future results. Now I’ll turn it over to Dan who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter and our operations. I’ll follow up with some financial highlights and then we’ll be pleased to take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Ken. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me begin a review of last year with a discussion of the insurance segment starting with Japan. Aflac Japan posted strong results through 2009. We were happy with the financial performance of our largest earning contributor and we were extremely pleased with Aflac Japan sales results. We had an incredibly strong fourth quarter and sales significantly surpassed our expectations. In fact, the month of December was the largest December in AFLAC’s 35 year history in Japan. Total annualized premium sales in yen were up 14.9% for the quarter and 6.7% for the year, which surpassed our goal of 0 to 5% increase for the year. Additionally, our large block of in force business was marred by strong persistency as expected and our margins again improved. Our sales growth was mainly propelled by product innovation, effective promotion and channel expansion. Fourth quarter medical sales were exceptionally strong, rising 57.7% over the fourth quarter of 2008. In August we launched a revision of our popular medical product, EVER. The advertising for this updated EVER product featured the Aflac duck dressed up as the manekineko or beckoning cat that is frequently seen in drawings and figurines throughout Asia. The raised paw of this cat is said to attract good luck and the AFLAC’s duck affiliation with the character links the cat’s good fortune with the positive brand image. For Aflac Japan the manekineko duck campaign created an overnight sensation for consumers of all ages. Most importantly it also helped us sell more than 361,400 EVER policies from the time the new EVER plan was launched through the end of 2009, which exceeded our expectations. We also continued to experience strong sales in the ordinary life category, which was up 45% and accounted for 30% of the sales in the quarter. The positive reception of a child endowment product we introduced in March was largely responsible for the strong life sales in 2009. During the quarter we sold 27,500 child endowment policies at an average premium of 152,800 yen which is a significantly higher premium than our core medical or cancer products. In addition to new products, we also achieved greater distribution through the bank channel and our new agency recruitment. Bank channel sales continue to improve and we were a record 2.9 billion yen in the fourth quarter. That represents a 33% increase over the third quarter of 2009 and a 202.7% increase over a year ago. At the end of December, a total of 353 banks represented Aflac Japan. We have a very strong position within the bank channel and have significantly more banks selling for us than any other insurer operating in Japan. We have also been developing our distribution beyond the bank channel. In that regard traditional agency recruitment remains strong. In the fourth quarter, newly recruited agencies were 22.4% higher than a year ago. For the year we produced a 17.9% increase in recruited agencies. We believe recruiting has not only benefited from the weak economy but also from the strength of the brand and the relevant products, and the improvement in recruiting and training techniques. As we noted in last night’s press release, Aflac Japan has again targeted flat sales to a 5% increase in 2010. We believe we still have solid momentum in the medical and ordinary product categories to start 2010. Also the first quarter represents a fairly easy comparison to last year. However, the comparisons get tougher as the year progresses, especially in the fourth quarter. In addition, we expect much lower sales contribution from an alternative distribution channel, which are primarily telemarketing based agencies. This type of independent agency has always produced varied sales results. The largest of these agencies has made a large reduction in its number of telemarketers. As a result we expect these sales contributions to be about 50 million lower this year. We also expect to see a decline in the AG Life sales. However, we still believe we’re positioned to have a good year in 2010 and we remain excited about the opportunities we see in the Japan market. Let me turn to our U.S. operations. As has been the case for the last several quarters, difficult economic environment continues to pose challenges to the U.S. sales growth. As such, we were not surprised that the fourth quarter sales were down 6.3%; for the year sales decline of 6.4%. As you know, our persistency rate has also been impacted by the extended recession which was especially true in the first quarter of 2009. However, the persistency rate of the U.S. business improved steadily as the year progressed. Frankly, it’s disappointing that our sales have declined for two years in a row, but I have to say that in my 36 years with Aflac, I have never seen the economy have such an impact on the U.S. business. I am sure many of you could say the same about your business. However, we believe that the disruptions in the demand for our product is temporary and reflects the budgetary stress that many U.S. households face. Concerns about job security and the overall consumer confidence levels has impeded our success at the worksite selling. Specifically, the lack of hiring within our existing accounts especially hurt the sales of veteran agents. But as we’ve discussed before, we remain convinced the underlying need for our products is just as strong if not stronger than it’s ever been. At the same time we’re determined to further strengthen our business model by focusing on the competitive strengths so that we are strongly positioned when economic stability returns. For instance, we continue to enhance our product line with new introductions last year. In particular, we launched what we refer to as essential cancer and accident products. These new products have been streamlined with lower benefit and premium levels. In short, we believe that they’re better suited to the current economy and in the long run they will give consumers more choice. We also continue to recruit and train new sales associates to expand our reach in the market. Although agent recruitment declined in the fourth quarter, recruitment was up 10.6% for the full year to more than 28,400 new sales associates. Sales growth from associates in their first year was again better than veteran associates, which again proved my point that hiring freezes at existing payroll accounts hurts veteran agents who establish and now manage these accounts. The number of new, average weekly producers or those who are selling regularly in the first year increased 6.2% for 2009. In addition, new sales associates produced 19.2% increase in new payroll accounts in 2009. This kind of production from new agents indicates that our distribution model is still working and our training is effective. As you know, we made a strategic acquisition last year that we believe further enhanced our business and position in the marketplace. In October in 2009 we completed the purchase of Continental American Insurance Company, which is now branded as the Aflac Group Insurance. This acquisition equips Aflac with an attractive offering of voluntary group insurance products that should enhance the sales opportunities for our traditional sales force of individual associates. At the same time, group products are well suited for distribution by insurance brokers at the worksite. We believe that broker distribution can enhance and accomplish in our current distribution capabilities. We also believe our broker initiative is taking us in the right direction. Just last month a survey of 358 brokers conducted by the Business Intelligence Consulting Firm found that Aflac is the number one preferred carrier of voluntary insurance among brokers. We were ranked fourth in 2008. This survey also reveals a 25% increase in familiarity among brokers, which was the largest increase of any insurance carrier. We have also been active in the area of advertising and branding. We just marked the tenth anniversary of the Aflac duck with a new advertising campaign. Thanks to the Aflac duck, 94% of the consumers know the Aflac brand. But as we’ve discussed over the last several years, advertising and marketing is focused on better explaining the brand, not just promoting it. To that end, we hope that the new animated commercials will help consumers understand more about what Aflac insurance is and exactly how our products can help them. Our current campaign is different. It’s bold and we believe it will further help define our brand. Last, like last year, our outlook for new sales in the United States remains cautious until we see some stability in the economy. I also want to remind you that we had four extra days production in the first quarter of 2009, which will make this year’s first quarter comparison very difficult. As a result, we expect to see a sizable decline in the first quarter sales of Aflac U.S. For 2010 we have again set our target of 0 to 5% increase in growth. Some of you may feel that the 2010 sales target is too aggressive considering the environment. However, I want to remind you that this target is one of the performance measures for officer bonus compensation. As those of you who know me well should remember that I want to incentivize our officer group for achievement of positive performance. In addition, we still believe strongly in the products we sell. We are convinced that the potential market for our products in the United States is vast and that consumers will be increasingly receptive to our products once the economy and the employment begins to improve. From a financial perspective we are very pleased with the fourth quarter 2009 and the full year. Operating earnings were $1.18 per diluted share or up 20.4% for the fourth quarter of 2000. Excluding the impact of the yen, operating earnings per share rose 17.3% for the quarter, a 15% for the full year. Our full year operating earnings growth was in line with our objective of a 13 to 15% increase before the impact of the yen. Throughout the last two decades we have consistently achieved our annual target of operating earnings per share. I believe that accomplishment speaks directly to the strength and resilience of the business models. As we noted in our press release, net earnings in the fourth quarter were again influenced by larger than normal realized investment losses. In the fourth quarter, we booked $126 million of GAAP only impairments on three perpetual securities using the equity impairment model. You’ll recall that we were required by GAAP accounting to apply an aging schedule of unrealized losses to those perpetual securities that are classified as below investment grade. If there are no additional downgrades to the perpetual securities to below investment grade in the quarter, then we would not expect any equity impairments or perpetual securities holdings in the first quarter of 2010. You may have noted that we impaired our remaining holdings of Takefuji senior debt in the fourth quarter. As we discussed, we reduced our exposure to Takefuji last year. Our ownership dropped from a par value of $617 million at the end of 2008 to $363 at the end of 2009. Last month we made a determination that the impairment charge was warranted based on the current credit analysis, which suggests that Takefuji may not be able to meet all of its remaining obligations to us. As we noted, net earnings also included the previously announced loss to the exchange of two Lloyd banking groups’ securities. We generated significant capital through our operations last year which enabled us to absorb investment losses and the impact of the credit rating downgrades. However, we concluded it was prudent to strengthen our capital position even further and did so in December with the issuance of $400 million of 30 year senior notes. With significant capital resources at the parent company level, we decided to make a capital contribution at the end of 2009 from Aflac Incorporated to our principal life insurance subsidiary in the amount of $500 million. We estimate that our year end risk based capital ratio was in excess of 475%, which included a contribution of about 40 points from the capital contribution. So even excluding the capital contribution, our ratio was significantly higher than the target of 375 we established in early 2009. At year end, our total adjusted capital was approximately $1.3 billion above what was required to support an RBC of 375. Over the long run, our strong capital generation has allowed us to maintain a policy of steadily increasing the cash dividend even at a time when many companies have either decreased or eliminated the dividend payments. AFLAC’s cash dividend in 2009 was 16.7% higher than they were in 2008. Last year was the 27th consecutive year we’ve increased the dividend. We would certainly like to extend that track record to 28 consecutive years and more. However, I’d like to reiterate that we have previously communicated, before we increase the dividend in 2010 or repurchasing shares, we feel compelled to closely monitor the global financial markets to make sure the worse is behind us. We will also regularly assess our capital levels as measured by the RBC ratio. As much as we would like to see the dividend increase or resume share repurchase, our greatest priority continues to be maintaining a strong capital position. Yet at the same time, we are still very focused on growing our earnings. In that regard, we have reaffirmed the earnings outlook we previously communicated in 2010. Our goal is to increase operating earnings for diluted share 9 to 12% before the impact of the yen. We believe the achievement of this goal will result from steady, top line growth and continued expansion for Aflac Japan in the margins. Overall, I believe Aflac remains well positioned in the two best insurance markets in the world. The Japanese and U.S. insurance markets share characteristics that make them perfectly suited to the products we offer, and both still have opportunities for growth. Along with the rest of the world, we will likely face challenges in 2010 and beyond but with the operations that continue to perform well and a balance sheet that remains solidly positioned, I have every confidence in our business model and the fundamental need for our products and most importantly the future success of Aflac. Ken?
Ken Janke: Thank you, Dan. Let me briefly take you through some fourth quarter financial highlights starting with Aflac Japan. For the top line in yen terms, revenues rose 3.4% for the quarter while investment income was up 1.2%. Excluding the effect of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan’s dollar denominated investment income, net investment income rose 3.7% in the quarter. The annualized persistency rate excluding annuities was 94%, which was unchanged from the nine months but down from 94.5% in 2008. The benefit ratio continued to improve over last year and was 59.7% in the fourth quarter compared with 63.6% a year ago. The expense ratio for the quarter was 21.6%, which was up from 20.1% a year ago. The increase in the expense ratio reflected in part increased advertising and promotion as well as higher DAX amortization from the lower persistency rate. Reflecting the lower benefit ratio, the pretax margin rose from 16.3% to 18.7% in the quarter. Due to the expansion of the margin, pretax earnings [inaudible] 18.5% for the quarter in yen. And again excluding the impact of the stronger yen on a dollar dominated investment income, pretax earnings rose 19.8% in the quarter. For the quarter we invested our cash flow in yen securities at an average yield of 2.26% and including dollars the blended rate was 2.46%. The lower new money yields in the quarter resulted largely from spread compression and the purchase of higher rated securities. The portfolio yield for Aflac Japan was 3.77% at the end of December, down three basis points from September and 13 basis points lower than a year ago. For Aflac U.S., total revenues rose 4.3% in the quarter and benefited from the inclusion of the new Aflac Group Insurance segment. The annualized persistency rate for the year was 72.2% compared with 73.2% a year ago. Although it was lower than a year ago, as Dan mentioned, it improved steadily as the year progressed. The benefit ratio was 53.8% compared with 53.3% in the fourth quarter and the increase in the benefit ratio was due to a year end adjustment of $28 million to IBNR for the accident and cancer product lines. The operating expense ratio was 33.7% compared with 33.5% in the fourth quarter of 2008. And reflecting the higher benefit and expense ratios, the profit margin for the quarter was 12.5% compared with 13.2% a year ago, resulting in a 1.5% decline in pretax operating earnings for the quarter. In terms of U.S. new money yields, the yield in the fourth quarter of ’09 was 6.25% compared with 9.08% a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of December was 7.17%, down three basis points from September but up seven basis points over a year ago. Turning to some other items for the quarter, excluding the effect of FAS 115, the ratio of debt to total capital was 22.3% at the end of the year compared with 18% at the end of 2008. Non-insurance interest expense in the fourth quarter was $25 million compared with $7 million a year ago. The higher interest expense reflected the debt issuance earlier in the year and the impact of the stronger yen on yen denominated debt. Parent company and other expenses were $32 million in the fourth quarter compared with $12 million a year ago. The higher parent company expenses in the quarter primarily resulted from lower investment income at the parent company and even more so realized foreign currency losses on yen assets that are being held at the parent company and had not been designated as a hedge. The operating margins improved for the quarter on a consolidated basis. The pretax margin rose from 15 to 16.1%. The after tax margin increased from 9.8 to 11%. On an operating basis, the tax rate declined from 34.8 to 31.5%. As we noted in the press release, we recently completed an IRS exam. It was for the tax years 2006 and ‘7. Our provisions for tax payments were higher than we had estimated which resulted in a release of $24 million in the fourth quarter. Since we had accrued those provisions through operating earnings in prior periods, the tax release did flow through operating earnings. For 2010, we would expect the tax rate to return to its prior normal level. Net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.53, up from $0.42 a year ago. The primary difference between net earnings and operating earnings was again realized investment losses, which were $0.65 per share in the fourth quarter of ’09 compared with $0.56 per share in the fourth quarter of ’08. I’d like to point out that on January 1 we did adopt SFAS 167, which will require us to consolidate $6 billion of qualified special purpose entities and variable interest entities that we have owned for many, many years. These QSBs and VIEs are trusts that were established for the issuance of reverse dual currency investments or other yen denominated investments. The trusts contain a dollar bond and a swap into yen. Now going forward we will be marking the swaps to market and the gains or losses on those swaps will be reflected in realized investment gains or losses. As such, the impact from FAS 167 will be excluded from operating earnings. Importantly, the economics of our investments in these securities won’t change, only the accounting for those instruments. And our risk of loss is unchanged and is limited to our original investment. Upon adoption, we have made a one time cumulative adjustment to shareholders equity, which will reduce shareholders equity by approximately $200 million and will be reflected in our March 31, 2010 financials. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 20.4% to $1.18, which was ahead of our guidance. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.03 per diluted share in the quarter and $0.26 for the year. Excluding the yen’s impact, operating earnings were up 17.3% for the quarter and 15% for the year. If you also exclude the tax benefit of $0.05 per diluted share that flowed through operating earnings, operating earnings per share would have increased 13.8% for the full year, which was consistent with our underlying rate of growth for the first nine months of 2009. Now lastly let me comment on the outlook for operating earnings per share for 2010. As you heard we have affirmed our objective for this year of a 9 to 12% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of the yen. That would equate to $5.29 to $5.43 for the full year, assuming no change in the currency rate from last year. This year we estimate that a one yen change on the average exchange rate for the year will equal approximately $0.035 per diluted share. As such, if we achieve our objective of 9 to 12% growth and the yen averages 90 to 95 for the full year, we would expect operating earnings per share to be in the area of $5.24 to $5.52. We’re now ready to take your questions. We’d like to make sure that everyone has the opportunity to ask a question so please limit your questions to one. And Wendy, now I’ll turn it back over to you for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan: I just had a question on recruiting trends in the U.S. Previously the economy being weak actually had been a blessing. You had been growing recruiting a decent amount. This quarter you saw a downtick, so if you could just address what caused the decline this quarter and then just comments on your outlook for 2010.
[Unidentified Executive]: Sure. First of all, recruiting for the overall 2010 was extremely strong. Now remember we do have a total training capacity based on our state trainers and their states combined with our district sales coordinators out in the field with a total number of people. We had a extremely strong first three quarters. Those first three quarters really built up to a strong average weekly new producer growth and we felt like the combination of fourth quarter re-enrollments combined with the volume of people that we’d recruited throughout the beginning of the year allowed us to let up a little bit on recruiting. Now obviously comparisons from a 2009 to 2010 standpoint will be a little bit more difficult, but our overall goal is to continue to grow our producers, specifically focusing on our new producers but also re-engaging and re-growing our veteran producers in 2010. So I’m not concerned about the fourth quarter downturn in recruiting. That was planned and projected. But at the same time I think that we will continue to recruit but to do so in a moderate level that allows us to successfully bring on the right number of producers for our business in 2010.
Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan: And related to that on your U.S. business, besides the comps being easier on sales and also just the incentive comp being linked to positive sales growth, are there other things that you’re doing that give you confidence that you can actually get to positive sales growth this year? If you could just talk about your 0 to 5% guidance.
[Unidentified Executive]: Sure. Obviously the final number that you all get of 0 to 5% represents a large number of levers that we can be moving in one direction or another. We have a tremendous number of initiatives that we have going on that we believe will strongly influence that. Since my tenure here at worldwide headquarters, we are focused on training. We are going to make sure that we are more effectively training our new agents as well as our veteran agents, bringing out new classes and new things that we think within an economy of this nature will help our agents be more successful with their sales skills as well as with their overall product knowledge and packaging that happens in a time like this or that needs to be sold at a time like this. We’re also focused on the broker and large account market. Really the final piece necessary for us to be competitive in the accounts over 1,000 was the group platform that we purchased through Continental American, now Aflac Group. So I do believe those right there are large factors. Third would be the marketing campaign. As Dan mentioned the [inaudible] Quack campaign we believe is driving both consumer and business understanding for why the value of our products is necessary either for their business or for them as an individual. You know the last part is that I really believe or hope that the first half of the year the economy’s going to continue to be difficult but I have hope that the second half of the year the economy will continue to move in the right direction. President Obama stated that small business was a big focus for him on what was going to happen. And we continue to write the vast majority of our accounts in America’s smallest businesses. Those businesses thrive the most during a rising economy and are the ones that are hurt the most during a difficult economy. But overall throughout the history of America, the economy has been very strong and continues to grow. And so we believe that we are hedging our business in the right direction, that we’re in the right market for us and that long term we will continue to get back on the right track. You know the last comment I’ll make is that you all put me in a position where my focus is to grow the long term sales of this company. It’s not just about [inaudible] something or what first quarter of this year will be but doing what’s right for this business for the long term. And I believe the initiatives we have in place are about making sure that for the long term stability of our growth in sales and not just about trying to produce for first quarter of 2010 but really success for the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Spehar.
Edward Spehar: Kriss, I had a question about the capital contributions of the insurance subsidiary. I’m trying to understand why you would put capital down on the sub when the RBC ratio, without the contribution, was 435% or well above what you’ve talked about as a target. I guess the question is you know why not keep it at the holding company and if something bad happens [inaudible] to the sub, why exercise the option instead of holding it?
Kriss Cloninger: Okay, Ed, well that’s a legitimate question. You know if we had the benefit of hindsight, we might have done some differently but I’m really not sure we would have. You know we set an objective at the beginning of this year to make sure that we managed risk based capital as the highest priority. And last year we had finished the year at about 475 and we got down to 405 at the end of the third quarter. Many of you expressed concern over the drop between the second and third quarter. I reassured you that we had about $500 million of cash at the holding company I could contribute to the life company to bolster that RBC during the fourth quarter. You know going into the fourth quarter we were looking at a couple of the rating agencies, talking about changing their methodology for rating perpetual securities. And we didn’t know exactly what that held in store for us, particularly in the latter part of December. You know, we didn’t want to come up to the last two weeks in December and be surprised by significant ratings changes on that category of securities. So really after we released third quarter results and we went through our analyst meetings and our board meetings, and I reflected on what we had to do in 2010, I looked at the strong capital markets in the U.S. and I said well, okay, I’ve got about half of my Samurai note of 40 billion yen that comes due in July, 2010 already refinanced. We had borrowed roughly 15 billion yen earlier in 2009, which covered about half of that. I still had 25 billion yen to go and I said to myself well, you know with the strong capital markets in the U.S. and I was told that we ought to explore the capital markets in Japan, you know that those might open up. So we actually did some inquiries as to whether we could do another Samurai transaction in late November or early December in Japan. And we concluded at that time that our usual sources of Samurai funds still weren’t receptive to foreign financials. So we decided to pull back from the Samurai market and we decided okay, in the strong capital market in the U.S. we were going to go ahead and borrow the extra $400 million in December in the U.S., which we did. And at the same time we had scheduled repatriation from Japan for about 20 billion yen. So we went ahead and took that into the parent company, so that gave us 35, 36 billion yen of funds at the parent company. And then we were looking at having about $600 million of cash at the holding company and we thought well, what’s the best utilization of that? Well, we don’t get any credit for anything if the funds are at the holding company. We don’t really have any long term concern about being able to get capital out of the life company, Ed. So we decided we would rather have the insurance against rating agency actions on the perpetuals adversely affecting our risk based capital position, so we decided to contribute $500 million to the life company as the most efficient use of funds. So we did it primarily to bolster our RBC position. At the same time we assured that we’ve got adequate funds at the holding company to pay off the next maturing Samurai note. So that’s a long answer to a short question. I apologize, but I thought I needed to walk you through the thought process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz - Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: I wanted to talk about CAIC a little bit. First, any metrics maybe you can offer about the progress there. I know you stated that a poll suggested you were the number one favorite for brokers but I’m just wondering if there are any metrics you could talk about and how that’s progressing in the integration of that, particularly with your agents. And as well I’m looking at the sales breakdown for the U.S. There is one area that did increase. That was hospital indemnity plans. I think CAIC does Mini Med. I was wondering if you could touch on that product, what exactly that is. And I’ll just leave it at that.
Paul Amos: Sure. First of all, CAIC now Aflac Group had a tremendous number of enrollments set up for the fourth quarter prior to our purchase and our top two goals obviously were integration from a technology and platform standpoint as well as making sure that they were effective in the enrollments they already had set. We were less concerned about attempting to write business from an Aflac perspective with 2010 really being our launch for an integrated marketing and sales effort. In terms of the metrics that we’re taking a look at, obviously we’re less concerned about what business is written in an individual versus a group platform. We’re more concerned about the totality of the business that’s grown. That said, we understand that you’re going to want to look at things both by channel as well as by product type. You know we do not believe that broker and individual are synonymous with group and individual. Those are four different groupings that can be done in either direction and we need to make sure we differentiate on how those are looked at because both individual agents can offer both types of products, as well as brokers can offer both types of products. And we feel like offering both will be essential for our long term growth. In terms of the sales of the [Mid] Med product specifically, that product is a different product than is traditionally sold at Aflac. We have made the decision that we will be shutting down the sale of that product for all future policies at CAIC based on the date of the last business proposals that we had out with brokers. We’re going to continue to follow through with the commitments that we had made, but effectively we are shutting down the sales of that product. Of the sales in the fourth quarter of $26.8 million at CAIC, $6.4 million of those were the Mid Med. We did not believe that was a product core to what we wanted. Again this was a technology purchase for us. The capability to use the group platform and to use the intelligent people they have to help us do group platform benefits with flexibility, to meet the needs of large accounts and brokers and otherwise. It was not about trying to get into a major medical or comprehensive medical program. As such we’ve made that decision and are moving forward with it. I hope that answers your question. In terms of the [HIP] business that you talked about, that is just AFLAC’s HIP. HIP continues to be a driving force based on American consumers seeing benefits and their major medical plans continue to erode. And so our HIP business does continue to be a strong reason for sales in the U.S.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: On that page, where’s the Mid Med located?
Paul Amos: He’s saying it’s in the HIP. I’m sorry, I get a more broken down report than what you guys have put out here. He’s showing it to me right now. Mine is much more detailed and I take it out of the HIP plan. That small amount is in, but it was only represented $6.4 million for the entire year in terms of sales on HIP because we only took the CAIC numbers for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a question on the standalone medical products in Japan, obviously it was very successful, 43% of all new sales. Just trying to get some color on if there was seasonality there or if there was a year end push? You know, trying to get to how sustainable that level of sales contribution on that product might be.
Dan Amos: Okay. I think it’s a chance to let Toru talk and brag a little bit about what all’s going on, because there’s a phenomenon going on in Japan in terms of what has happened from a marketing campaign. And also the results of what’s happened with new sales, specifically of the new EVER product. So Toru, go ahead.
Toru Tonoike: Yes. When we started to form the introduction of the new EVER which was introduced in late August last year, it took us maybe two to three months to make all the preparations. And we planned it as a sort of multi-faceted plan in which we tried many things. We planned that what our branches and the Asians should do in preparation for the introduction of the new product, which customers are they expected to sell and how they plan to do it. And we do it individual agents or small independent agents and the big affiliated agents separately. So we spent some time on it. Also we planned the new TV commercials featuring new character called Mane Kineko Cat, which Dan explained a few minutes ago. And those we planned to time airing the commercials at the right timing. Right around the time of the introduction we ran the commercials very heavily so that image of the new character, Mane Kineko Cat, and our new product is very well received by the general public. And right before the introduction we planned a big press conference pre-release of the new product, hosted by a very famous and popular actress, Aoi Miyazaki. She shows up in the commercial and she is extremely popular in Japan. So thanks to the participation of Aoi it attracted a large number of the media people, over 200. And it was well covered by various media, TV, [managings] and the newspapers. Also we created the big character, Mane Kineko, in the size of six feet tall. And we made three of them, put them in a large bus and the bus caravanned all over Japan for about three or four months. And using that bus we hosted a town festival type of event in about a dozen places in the big cities. And those events attracted large number of people. So for example the first one was held at [inaudible] in Tokyo and that event attracted about 20,000 people in two days. So you can imagine how big the participants was. So over time we were able to build up the popularity of the new product. So the sales were very good from the very beginning and consistently kept growing. So that’s why our year end number was larger than the home quarters. So the momentum continues. I don’t think that will grow forever but the momentum still continues and we expect it last fairly long. I don’t know exactly when it slows down.
Dan Amos: Let me say one other thing, Toru. Just to give the analysts some idea of how big this thing is, 20,000 people showing up at a location tells you something, but our commercials have been number one in financial services before, but the actual new commercial with the Mane Kineko Duck is the number one commercial in all of Japan in any category whatsoever, beating soft drinks, beating computers, beating anything. And so it has created such a buzz that that on top of having a superior product is what’s driving this.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: It seems like Japan Post is not coming up as much in the conversation. Is there any update on the impact of the new government there on the privatization effort at the Post?
Dan Amos: No. I’ll answer that. You know I have said all along, if you’ll remember back when we got the banking channel and we got the Post I always said that I expected the real winner to be the banking channel, because we had worked in this environment, it had been great for us and it has really taken off. And I give again Shengkai again a large credit for what’s taken place there. In regard to the Post, we are still working with them. The sales are up over last year but they are insignificant in relationship to say what the banking channel is doing. But we continue to work with them, we’re encouraged that they will continue to grow that market for us, but they are very bureaucratic and they go at their own pace and we have very little control in pushing them. So we just have to kind of fall in line of what they consider acceptable. But I do feel like that we’ve got a great marketing team working on it and the potential’s there. But I don’t see any major change in 2010 except for a continued increase.
Ken Janke: Let me add just one thing. As Dan mentioned it’s still a small contributor and was less than 1% of sales for ’09 which is why we didn’t break it out. In terms of what’s going on with the current government in Japan, you may have seen that last year there was legislation put forth to freeze the pending IPOs of the various postal entities. And now the government is basically regrouping to see what the best organization might be. For instance, one of the proposals is to have the postal operations be folded in to a holding company and then leave the insurance and the banks as separate subsidiaries to that. This is all pretty much in a state of flux and for those of you that consume the English versions of the Japanese press I think you’ll be getting more articles out of it in the coming months as the government starts floating what may be no more than trial balloons or may be appear in the press about what the future might look like for the Post.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman.
Andrew Kligerman: In trying to frame the Continental American position, just a few data points, what would be a typical premium for an account with more than 1,000 employees? That’s Part A. Part B is is there any type of conflicts given that Continental American is more of a broker market. Would there be a conflict between your agents and those producers going forward?
Paul Amos: Andrew, of course channel conflict is one of the things that we would immediately want to mitigate, as you can imagine. There are circumstances in the past where other companies have brought together a broker and a field force channel where that has not worked well. And I think we have taken and learned from their experience. As you can imagine, there are different products with different commission structures and by giving access to both channels, the field force as well as the broker channel, to all of those products we believe that’s the first step in mitigating some of that channel conflict. Additionally, we have found a way to de-leverage our current commission structure so that we can pay brokers more than they would be receiving if they were to use an enrollment company and by using our Aflac field force as their enrollment company. So if we can ultimately pay our new brokers a higher level of commissions and at the same time pay our field force, there should not only be no channel conflict. It should be a win, win situation in terms of what we were able to bring together by having the world’s best distribution force now with a budding broker market. In terms of the account side as in the average premium per account size, we’re just not getting into that at this time. You know first of all that is based on the previous success of what Continental American did in their previous accounts, based on the varying sizes of those accounts and the number of them, I just think it would be statistically invalid for a company of our size to comment at this time. By [fab] I may be able to give you a deeper set of data on how that works, but what I can tell you is that the average premium sizes are within the same range in terms of a per certificate or per policy basis between Aflac U.S. and Aflac Group.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: One last part to it then, Paul, maybe minus that Mid Med product you don’t want to continue, so they did about $20 million in the fourth quarter. Just in terms of your excitement, I mean do you think you could do dramatically better than that? Do you get real excited net net with this new platform for Group?
Paul Amos: In the long term I do believe the platform for group will add considerable business but 2010 is yet to be determined. You know in terms of the broker market itself Aflac has a long history of going head to head with the brokers, and as a result I think it’s essential for us to continue to build relationships within that broker market. Ron Agypt and our entire broker team are out working with our Aflac Group team to continue to build recognition within that market, but the majority of the business in any broker market is always going to be written in the fourth quarter. As a result, really and truly we won’t know a lot about how tempered and big that excitement will be until we get to the latter half of the year. So we continue to push it, I continue to have high hopes for it, but again when you base it on the size of sales that we did in 2010 in our individual or field force channel, it’s just so large in proportion to what the broker business is today, that I don’t believe even a large increase is going to have a considerable effect on the overall. But for the long term viability of the business I do believe that both channels, our continued core channel, 500 and under, field force focusing on the sales, continues to be the core of what will be but the enhancement of the broker market and large accounts will continue to be something that will help grow the business also.
Dan Amos: And Andrew, let me comment on national health care because this all kind of ties together. Of course because of what took place in Massachusetts, there’s a big change taking place. But I think it’s important to note that we are well positioned under any particular program that was brought on by either the House or the Senate side. We’ve still positioned ourself in a way that whether it’s major medical insurance at the worksite or it’s national healthcare at the worksite, that ours will help supplement those particular programs. Or whether it’s national healthcare in Japan or these programs here in the U.S. So I think it’s worthy to note as we’ve moved through this year or moved through 2009, where there was such discussion about healthcare, that we’re still positioned in a way that we should do very well in whatever environment should take place from that standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Sydney Thomas] – Sanford Bernstein.
[Sydney Thomas] – Sanford Bernstein: First just a quick follow up to Andrew’s question about the group business, maybe for Kriss. Is the pricing and the underwriting discipline I guess ultimately the margin on the group product similar to what you’re seeing in terms of the products sold by the individual agents in the U.S.?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes. Overall net margin is pretty similar to the Aflac traditional margin on health products. The expense ratio is slightly higher. The benefit ratio’s slightly lower but net, net it’s a similar margin.
[Sydney Thomas] – Sanford Bernstein: Second question on capital, you talked about maybe not doing anything just yet in terms of buybacks and dividends. You talked about $1.3 billion of stat capital cushion if you will relative to 375 RBC and maybe $2 billion of stat earnings for 2010, maybe a little bit higher than that. So as you think about capital cushion of maybe $3 billion sort of changing over time, how would you think about redeploying capital buybacks versus dividends? And Dan you had mentioned the track record in terms of dividend increases. Is it fair to assume then that if you’re going to do anything in terms of capital redeployment it would likely start with a dividend increase and then buyback? Or how do you think about that?
Dan Amos: Well, my first comment is what a difference a year makes. But I’ll let Kriss answer.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, we have a long history, I forget how many years it is, 27, 28 years of increasing the dividend every calendar year. And you know we’d hate for that record to go by the wayside. We believe that we had a strong year in 2009, given the environment. We finished the year at about the same RBC that we entered the year and we went through a lot of trauma in between January 1 and December 31. But we finished the year strong and we were not expecting 2010 to be as challenging as 2009. You know last year we told the analyst community and the rating agencies we expected that we could earn our way through any difficulties and we still believe that to be the case. Given that, and given the references to our capital position and the like, you know we think we’ll be in a position to consider a dividend increase later in 2010. Relative to share repurchase, we had a consistent share repurchase program in place from 1994 through 2008. We purchased shares every year and virtually every quarter during that period of time. And we still believe that share repurchase is an effective way for us to use capital we don’t otherwise need in the operation. We aren’t in a position yet to say we don’t want to retain the capital we’ll internally generate. We’re not yet in a position to say that, but I think it’s fair to say that we don’t anticipate we’ll be raising any external capital. That being said, you know, if the conditions continue to stabilize and improve then I think our outlook for deploying excess capital we’re generating will probably be deployed in share repurchase at some point in the future when we’re comfortable that we’ve reached just a comfortable level, with a reasonably good outlook for the future. So that’s our internal view on the thing.
Ken Janke: Wendy, my clock is showing that we’re very close to the top of the hour and out of respect to another company in our industry I know there is a 10:00 call that’s going to pull a lot of these participants away to that call. So we’re going to conclude our call at this time. I apologize if we didn’t get to everybody who had a question. If you still have a question, feel free to either email Robin [Wilke] or myself or call our 800 number and we’d be happy to talk with you and we’ll get back with you just as soon as we can. And thanks again for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Janke - SVP of IR Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Paul Amos - President and COO, US Operations Jerry Jeffery - SVP and Chief Investment Officer Kriss Cloninger - President and CFO Tohru Tonoike - President and COO, Aflac Japan
Analysts: Colin Devine - Citigroup Andrew Kligerman - UBS Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Eric Berg - Barclays Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instruction) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Janke: Thank you, Lori. Good morning. Don't worry, everybody, it is our third quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of our US Operations; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and joining us from Japan is Tohru Tonoike, who is President and COO of our Japanese business. Before we begin this morning, let me point out the Safe Harbor language. I'd like to remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. While we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give you no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. The actual results in the future could differ materially form those we discuss today. And I would encourage you to look at our most recent press release for some of the various risk factors that could impact our future results. With that, I'll turn the program over to Dan who as usual will begin with some comments on the quarter and the outlook for the year and then I'll follow up with just a few financial highlights. Then we'll be happy to take your questions.
Dan Amos: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone. I hope you got a chance to look at our third quarter press release. Before I discuss our insurance operations in Japan and the United States, let me comment on our current financial results and balance sheet. We're very pleased with the third quarter from an operating earnings perspective. Operating earnings were $1.25 per diluted share, up 22% over the third quarter 2008. Excluding the impact of the yen, operating earnings rose 13.7% for the quarter and 13.9% for the nine months. Based on year-to-date financial results, we're confident we will achieve our annual objective of a 13% to 15% growth before the effect of foreign currency. Net earnings in the third quarter were again influenced by realized investment losses. However, our realized losses were significantly lower than a year ago and also below second quarter levels. The vast majority of the realized losses in the quarter resulted from impairments of perpetual securities. As we communicated on our second quarter conference call, we had anticipated impairments on certain perpetual securities in the third quarter, because they were below investment grade and were expected to be below book value for a specific period of time. You may recall that in July we projected $265 million of equity impairment charges on the perpetuals in the third quarter. The actual after-tax impairment charge related to the perpetual securities in the third quarter were $212 million. The amount was lower than expected, improved market values, which were partially offset by the stronger yen at the end of September, compared to the end of June. We did not book corresponding impairment charges to the perpetual securities on our statutory financial statement as we continued to believe that we will receive the interest in principal payments that are contractually due. Assuming the yen dollar exchange rate and the pricing of the perpetuals remain unchanged from the end of the third quarter, and no additional downgrades to below investment grade, we expect to incur a GAAP charge of $100 million in the fourth quarter under the equity impairment method. However, I want to again remind you two important points. First as we discussed before, these charges will not impact GAAP shareholder equity because all the perpetual securities are categorized as available for sale and are carried at fair value on the balance sheet. Second and most importantly, we would not be required to record comparable impairment charges on a statutory accounting basis if our credit analysis continues to demonstrate the securities are money good. Our risk-based capital ratio remained high at the end of September, based on the estimated statutory financials, our RBC was 405% at the end of the quarter, which is above our internal target of 375%. The decline in the ratio since the end of 2008 has resulted from a increase in the required capital component of the RBC formula. The required capital increase has been primarily driven by the downgrade of credit ratings and securities we own, particularly perpetual securities. Despite certain credit rating downgrades, we remain pleased with the overall quality of our investment portfolio. At the end of September 92.9% of the holdings were investment grade. Among our holdings of perpetual securities, 81.3% were investment grade. Through the first nine months of the year, all the perpetual securities we own were current on interest payments. Throughout our entire portfolio, we have only one company who deferred the coupons this year and that was a fixed maturity security. It is possible that we will see coupon deferrals in the future, especially to the extent that certain coupon payments are based on capital profitability test on 2009 financial results. However, I would remind you that among our perpetual holdings, approximately 72% are Upper Tier II instruments, which are all deferrable cumulative coupon provisions. I would also point out that the deferral of the coupon does not automatically result in an impairment charge. Instead a coupon deferral would trigger a thorough analysis of the credit to first make sure that the security we still want to own and second to determine if the impairment charge is warranted. Furthermore, we have seen a strong recovery in the market values of our perpetual holding. In fact, they are priced at approximately 83% of par value at the end of September, that's up from 71% at the end of March. Overall we remain pleased with our balance sheet in general and in our capital position specifically. Importantly we believe our business will continue to build capital through strong statutory earnings growth. Now let me turn to our insurance operations starting with Aflac Japan. Aflac Japan had a strong third quarter. Our persistency rate remained high and although it was slightly lower than a year ago it's been stable throughout 2009. In addition, our financial results met or exceeded our expectations for the third quarter. We were especially pleased with the third quarter sales results, which exceeded our expectations. Total annualized premium sales in the yen were up 6.5% for the quarter. For the first nine months, total new sales were up 3.7%. Based on these results, we have confidence that we will achieve our goal of flat to 5% increase for the year. Sales in the third quarter were led by a significant increase in the medical category, which was up 13.8% for the third quarter 2008. As you'll recall, we launched a revised medical product in late August. This was the first major revision of our popular EVER product since it was initially launched in 2002. The most notable change in this revision is the enhanced surgical benefit. In addition, the revised EVER premium rates are gender specific. Rates for the most female buyers are lower than the original version of EVER and most ages issued. Male purchasers generally pay less at the younger ages and more at the older age. Overall, the profitability of the new plan is similar to our original EVER product. During this first five weeks on the market, we sold 104,000 of the revised EVER products. We are very pleased with the initial response to the newest EVER product and we’re excited about the prospects for future medical sales growth. In addition, we experienced strong sales in our ordinary life category, which were up 45%. The strong growth primarily resulted from the child endowment product we introduced during the spring. During the quarter we sold 21,400 child endowment products at an average premium of 154,400 yen, which is significantly higher than the premium than our core medical or cancer products. We believe we can continue to attract customers to our new life products like child endowment. We also believe we can effectively cross-sell life products to customers with other Aflac products. In fact, for every 10 child endowment plans that were purchased, we sold two additional policies of other products to the same customers. We were also excited with the improvement in the bank channel sales. In the third quarter, bank channel sales rose 55.2% over the second quarter to a record 2.2 billion yen, compared with a year ago bank channel sales were up 66.1%. At the end of September, a total number of 351 banks represent Aflac Japan. Of that amount, 282 have been selling Aflac Japan's core products like cancer and medical to the customers since the full deregulation of sales through banks in December of 2007. We hold a very strong position in the bank channel and have significantly more banks selling for us than any other insurer operating in Japan. We've also been expanding our distribution beyond the bank channel. In that regard, recruiting remains strong at Aflac Japan. In the third quarter, newly recruited agencies were 21.1% higher than a year ago. And for the first nine months, we experienced 16.5% increase in recruited agencies. We believe our recruiting has not only benefited from the weak economy, but also from the strength of our brand and improved recruiting techniques. For the remainder of the year, we expect to see continued strong sales growth, and we believe we will extend the sales momentum into 2010 as well. We remain convinced that Japan remains a large and attractive market for our products. Despite the weak economic conditions and a competitive marketplace, we believe our strength and adaptability have positioned Aflac to capitalize on the opportunities in the Japanese market. Turning to our US operation, as the case of most industries, the most difficult economic conditions have continued to pose challenges to the sales growth. During the third quarter, total annualized premium sales were down 7.2, which was not a surprise. For the nine months, sales were 6.4% below a year ago. As you know, our persistency rate has been impacted by the extended recession. That was especially true in the first quarter. Fortunately, persistency rate of the US business has improved as the years progressed. Although the rate is not where we'd like it to be, our persistency rate in the third quarter was better than our financial modeling assumption. Like the first quarter of the year, the basic activities of the US operation that normally led to sales growth remained strong. Recruitment of new agents has benefited all year long from the weak labor market as salaried positions have become more difficult to find. In the third quarter, recruitment of new agents was up 9.4% to more than 7,000 new sales associates. For the first nine months of the year, recruitment of new agents was 16.4% higher than a year ago. The average number of weekly producing sales associates in the third quarter was a little change from last year. However, the average number of weekly producers rose 8.1% in the quarter. New payroll accounts growth was also strong, rising 15% over the third quarter 2008. Payroll accounts opened by new agents was up 24% in the third quarter and 20.7% for the nine months. We believe strong increases in recruiting and new weekly producers coupled with significant payroll accounts growth will provide a solid foundation for future sales as the US economy continues to recover. As I hope you noted, we completed the acquisition of Continental American Insurance Company or CAIC on the first of October. You'll recall that CAIC is a specialty insurer that focuses on selling the same time of voluntary products at the worksites that Aflac offers but on a group basis rather that's on an individually underwritten basis. Although the financial impact of this purchase is small, we believe it has potential to greatly benefit in the US marketplace in the long-term. Specifically, CAIC will help us meet the product needs of the field force when they pursue larger payroll accounts. It also helps the broker community know that we are committed to growing the broker distribution channel and accessing the large employer market. We believe that CAIC is a very good fit for Aflac for both business and cultural perspectives. We are continuing to work on an integrated CAIC marketing and administration into the US business, and the process is moving along very well. We will be formally introducing CAIC products and training to our sales force in a couple of months at our annual December kickoff meeting. But our sales force is already excited about welcoming CAIC into the Aflac family. As we think about fourth quarter sales, we will continue to be challenged by the weak economic environment. In addition, the loss of Wal-Mart, re-enrollment will also dampen fourth quarter sales. Although that will be somewhat offset by the sales through CAIC. It's still a bit too early to project sales outlook for CAIC group business for next year. However, as I mentioned on the second quarter call, our 2010 sales objective will reflect the combined outlook for Aflac and CAIC. Our earnings outlook for Aflac incorporated has not changed for this year and remains unchanged for 2010 as well. Our objective is a 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share in 2009, excluding the impact of the yen. For 2010, our objective is 9% to 12% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact of the yen/dollar change rate. But, I want to remind you that my number one priority is to maintain strong capital position. Overall, I believe Aflac remains well positioned in the two best insurance markets in the world. As our commercials indicate, when people get sick or hurt in this work, they need cash to cover the uncovered expenses that arise. This is true in good times and bad and whether you're talking about the US or Japan. Although we've certainly faced challenging times along with the rest of the world, our operations continue to perform well and our balance sheet remains solidly positioned. I have every confidence in our business model and the fundamental need for our products and the future for Aflac. Ken?
Ken Janke: Thank you, Dan. Let me just briefly take you through some of the third quarter numbers beginning with Aflac Japan and then we'll get to your questions. Starting with the top line in yen terms. revenues rose 2.6% for the quarter. Investment income was down 2% reflecting the impact of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income. Excluding the effect of the stronger yen, investment income was up 2.9%. The annualized persistency rate excluding annuities was 94% for the first nine months of the year, down from 94.6% for the comparable period of 2008, but up slightly over the first six months of 2009. In terms of operating ratios for the quarter, the benefit ratio continued to improve as we had expected. It was 59.9% in the quarter compared with 62.2% a year ago, excluding the impact from the stronger yen and investment income, the benefit ratio was 59.4%. The expense ratio for the quarter was 20.1%, up from 19.5% a year ago. The increase in the expense ratio reflected in part higher advertising expense and increased DAQ amortization. Reflecting the improvement in the benefit ratio the pre-tax margin expanded from 18.3% to 20% in the quarter. And with the improvement in the margin, pre-tax earnings increased 11.8% for the quarter in yen terms. And again, unwinding the impact of the strong yen on Aflac Japan's dollar investment income pre-tax earnings were actually up 16.7% on a currency neutral basis. For the quarter, we invested cash flow in Japan in yen securities at an average yield of 2.77%, including dollars the blended rate was 2.89% for the quarter. The lower new money yields compared with prior quarters reflect spread compression around the world. The portfolio yield was 3.8% at the end of September, down five basis points from the end of June and 16 basis points lower than a year ago. Turning to Aflac US, total revenues rose 2.2% for the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the nine months was 71.3%, which is down from 73.5% a year ago, but up very nicely from the first half of this year. Looking at the operating ratios from the US segment, the benefit ratios was 51.9% compared with 52.7% a year ago. The improvement in the benefit ratio reflected favorable claims experience on some lines of business as well as the [impact of high] lapses compared with a year ago. The operating expense ratio was little changed from a year ago at 30.6% compared with 30.4%. The pre-tax profit margin improved as a result of lower benefit ratio to 17.5% up from 16.9% a year ago and as a result pre-tax earnings rose 5.7% for the quarter. For US investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 7.36% versus 7.48%. And the yield on a portfolio at the end of September was 7.2%, down two basis points from the second quarter and 15 basis points above a year ago. Turning to some other items for the quarter, excluding FAS-115, the ratio of debt to total capital was 19.9% at the end of September compared with 17.5% a year ago. Non-insurance interest expense in the quarter was $24 million, compared with $6 million a year ago. The higher interest expense reflected the debt issuance of $850 million of senior notes earlier in the year as well as the impact of the stronger yen on our dollar denominated debt. Parent company and other expenses were $21 million in the third quarter compared with $9 million a year ago. The higher parent company expenses in the quarter resulted from a reduction in the discount rate on unfunded pensions, pre-acquisition costs associated with the purchase of Continental American and lower investment income at the corporate level. The operating margins improved for the quarter, the pre-tax margin rose from 17.5% to 18.4%, and the after-tax margin increased from 11.5% to 12.1%. On an operating basis, the tax rate was little changed at 34.3% compared with 34.5% in 2008. And as Dan mentioned, operating earnings per diluted share rose 22.5% to $1.25, which exceeded our guidance. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.09 per share for the quarter and $0.23 for the first nine months. As you heard operating earnings per share increased 13.7% for the quarter excluding the impact of currency and 13.9% for the nine months. Finally, let me comment on the earnings outlook for the balance of the year. As Dan reiterated, our objective for 2009 is a 13% to 15% increase ex-currency on a per diluted share basis. If the yen averages 90 to 95 yen to the dollar in the fourth quarter, we would expect to report operating earnings of $1.08 to $1.16 per diluted share. For the annual number that would equate to $4.75 to $4.83 reflecting that currency scenario. This morning the first call estimate consensus was $4.77 for the full-year. We're ready to take your questions so Lori you can begin the polling process. We do want to make everyone has a chance so please try to limit your questions to one and then hopefully we can get back with you if you have a follow-up. Lori?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question sir is from Colin Devine, your line is open.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: If Ken or if Kriss is there I'd like to talk about the investment impairment policy. I must say it's a struggle. I can't recall any other insurer that we've covered that has this sort of two processes, one for GAAP and one for stat. With Lloyds now in the paper this morning over and talking about a recapitalization and convergence of the press, what might that mean for Aflac? It would seem to me that they are going to be converted at discounts and par, which I don't know, then how that's not going to hit statutory capital. Then the other thing that I'd like to know if we even just took the losses this quarter so your impairment of Lloyds and ran that through stat, it seems to me that your RBC ratio will be down to 350%, basically. Is that when you have to step in and raise capital?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, I'm going to let Jerry talk about some of the impairment policy. You know this is Kriss. Regarding raising capital, the 350% is a little bit below our target RBC number, but it's still well in excess of the level at which you would face any regulatory intervention, so to speak. The point at which you have to start producing plans to adjust capitalization is well below 350%. As you probably know, I mean, we've said it time after time, we strive to maintain higher than average risk-based capital ratios for various reasons, one of which is our exposure to the yen/dollar exchange rate. The yen/dollar exchange rate happens to be very strong at the moment. So that's, we think fairly fully reflected in our RBC model. Regarding other impairments, Colin, we're just following the accounting rules basically, you know we have to. The accountants changed the rules on us in the third quarter of 2008 regarding the treatment of hybrid securities. They required them to be all treated as equities, essentially for the purpose of addressing impairment policy. So the equity impairment model requires that if a security is underwater by a certain percent by a specified amount of time, you're required to impair it, regardless of your evaluation of the credit worthiness of the security. And the credit worthiness of the security is what we use on a statutory basis and that's consistent again with statutory accounting rules. So we've got two sets of rules. We always followed the credit worthiness model on our perpetual portfolio up until third quarter 2008. At that time, as I said the accountants kind of changed the rules on us. So that's why we've had these equity model impairments. I'll let Jerry specifically address Lloyds, but let me just …
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Kriss, just two comments. I'm not in any way suggesting that Aflac faces a solvency issue, okay. The point is, even if we just took this quarter's impairment and recognized that on a stat basis, so just the 200-odd million, you're at a 350 RBC ratio. And the other point, and I appreciate what you're talking about what accounting practice. To the best of my knowledge, this is the only company that we certainly look at that isn't essentially booking on a stat basis or the books on the GAAP. I remember when this happened the first time, Bill Wheeler, who like you is no slouch as a CFO, he never even heard that it was possible. And we're now over 1.1 billion in impairments in the last five quarters. All of a sudden, if you are following through on a stat basis it does seem to me the RBC ratio is in trouble and it's going to be the rating agencies I think can force the hand on capital raising, not the regulators.
Ken Janke: Colin, let me add just one thing to emphasize what Kriss has said. There is no basis to impair those perpetual securities is on a stat basis, because they're being evaluated for their credit worthiness and the ability to return interest and principal to us. The equity impairment method that was handed to us last October does not speak to that at all on a GAAP basis. It is purely a function of price decline and the length of time of which that security is underwater. That's not what happens on a stat basis. So, you can say this is what RBC would be if you took the 212 million and through stat. There is no basis and no reason to take it to stat.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Well depending on where Lloyds is going on the through cap, I guess we may see it, Ken.
Ken Janke: Let me comment on Lloyds, Colin. You've obviously followed the situation. I think as with many of these perpetual securities, there is a tremendous amount of confusion. So let me start by outlining what our Tier I exposure is to Lloyds. It totals $7 million. Let me talk a little about what the recapitalization speculation is and some of the comments Lloyds has made. It's nothing official, but based on everything that we've heard and in our conversations with Lloyds and others, they plan a capitalization that may negatively impact Tier I holders, and if as recapitalization were not fully subscribed, there is a possibility it could impact Upper Tier II holders as well. However, I'm sure you read the statement this morning and so you must know that in that statement, they said they are confident and just hope that this offering will in fact be fully subscribed. So there is yes, a possibility to cramp down on the Tier I exposures. And we acknowledge that that's a risk, but we still haven't seen the detail of this. If when the details emerge we find that the Tier I’s are in fact in jeopardy of having coupons canceled, then we'll re-evaluate the $7 million holding that we have. And absolutely it will be up for stat impairment at that point. Does that answer your question?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: We're getting there. Thanks.
Kriss Cloninger : Let me make one or two other comments just as a follow up to that. First of all, Colin, we think one of the difficulties or I'll say, even a fallacy with the GAAP equity impairment model is that once you write something down, you're not allowed to write it back up. If we wrote everything down to market at the end of March, we would have foregone the opportunity to reflect the $2 billion increase in market value on those available for sale securities. They'd have had to then carried the March 31st value forever. I think that's absolutely ridiculous. Our unrealized gains have declined substantially since March -- the end of March and we would have foregone the opportunity to write that up. Second thing is that relative to RBC, I'm sure other people have questions about this. We came in at an estimated $405 million at the end of this quarter, but that didn’t count over $540 million of cash at the holding company that some of which we could have contributed to the life company if we wanted to window-dress RBC ratios. We didn't choose to do that. RBC only matters at the end of the year when it's counted officially for statutory. We're going to take a look at all that. At the end of September, we chose to maintain our flexibility in terms of how we deploy those resources available to us. I'll just wait, I'm getting on a soap box, but we've got several things we're able to do and we're evaluating relative to where we want to be in terms of RBC at year end. I'll just stop right there and take further questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Kligerman.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Good coverage there on the capital. Other issue is the benefits ratio in Japan, year-over-year it improved a 170 basis points, in line with your 150 to 200 basis points year-over-year improvement, but historically, I think you were guiding towards 50 to 100 basis points a year. What are we looking to see next year and maybe even longer term, what kind of improvements can we expect in the Japanese benefits ratio?
Kriss Cloninger: It will continue to improve. We've continued to see a decline in the number of days in the hospital for cancer treatments this quarter and really for some time now. That's one of the principal driving forces behind the decline in the benefit ratio. How long can it last? In Japan, they still have much longer hospitalizations than you see worldwide for cancer treatment. So there's still some room for additional improvement. As in the past, we've got some contribution due to mix of business, but I'd have to say that above expectation improvement and benefit ratio has been driven by the decline in the hospital days, Andrew. I don't know how to forecast how much longer it's going to go on. It certainly has gone on for sometime and the Japanese government is still putting pressure on the providers to reduce the healthcare costs in Japan to help control budget expectations and the population's aging and the like.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Kriss, what's the average hospital stay currently? What do you think you might be able to guide to next year in terms of the improvement, but not as much as you saw this year?
Kriss Cloninger: I think the average stay is around four weeks, it's around 27 to 28 days. Don't absolutely hold me to that, but for cancer hospitalization, that's in the ballpark. It used to be 60, Andrew. It's come way down, but it's got room to go further. I think relative to next year's guidance, it'll probably be in line with what we guided to for 2009.
Operator: Your next question is from Nigel Dally.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Going back to the capital issue, it seems that beside from impairments, the impact of yen strengthening is also an area that many investors are concerned about. The exchange rate is headed down to say around 80, would it seem that you would have a potential problem. So Kriss, what can be done to reduce or eliminate that sensitivity of the capital ratios to the yen? Is that something that you're presently looking into?
Kriss Cloninger: One way to handle that is to build more yen capital. We've got a bias toward building yen capital. We left some 40 billion yen there this year than we otherwise could have repatriated, but because we suspended a share repurchase, we didn't need that cash in dollars, so we left that in Japan. We'll have a bias toward retaining yen denominated capital in Aflac Japan in the future. We've got several issues of Samurai notes outstanding at the present time, but the one due in 2010 is about 40 billion yen. One of our options is to look into refinancing that in yen and taking the sum of 15 billion yen or so we presently hold in corporate and contributing that as capital to Aflac Japan if we feel like that's appropriate or necessary. So we've got some options there. 80 yen to the dollar might cost us another 30 or 40 basis points in RBC, but again, that's one of the reasons we maintain above average RBC ratios. I think we've got the flexibility to deal with 80 yen to the dollar. Once we talk about 50 yen to the dollar, if that ever came true, we'd have probably some more thinking to do, but I think 80 is certainly something we could stand.
Operator: Your next question, sir is from Randy Binner.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets:
.:
Jerry Jeffery: I don't think I'm the right one to comment on the risk-based capital ratio, but what I can say about Takafuji in the event that you don't know is that our exposure has been significantly reduced in the fourth quarter. We owned 50 billion yen or we had a 50 billion yen exposure to Takafuji in our yen portfolio this month. We exercised a put option which was promptly accepted by Takafuji on 20 billion with that 50 billion exposure. So that cash will be redeployed into NAIC one alternatives, and with the lower exposure from 50 to 30 billion of Takafuji, I would expect the impact on RBC to be minimal.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: You’re swapping NAIC levels basically with two pieces of the 50 billion? It sounds like the Lloyds plan may specifically affect Tier 1 holders and maybe or hopefully not affect upper tier two holders, but ING is obviously going through a restructuring situation as well. What kind of read-through from the Lloyds and ING situation should we have for all the other tier one and upper tier two holdings you have with other European banks?
Jerry Jeffery: The ING situation is entirely different. They have a lot of different subsidiaries and they are not consolidated in anywhere near the way that Lloyds is with HBOS and Bank of Scotland. So I don't read a lot into it other than to say that the EU is a very activist organization and it’s being very pragmatic and looks at banks the same way we do which is case by case, in the same way you should as well. So I think that is the take away from this. Unfortunately it's not a take away with which you make any sweeping predictions about how they're going to treat bank capital overall. What you can say definitely is that they are looking at this on very much of a spot basis.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Is there an official running total of the total GAAP OTTI that has not been pushed over to stat?
Kriss Cloninger: It would be the perpetuals. I think in every quarter since the third quarter of last year when we had a $191 million of OTTI on a GAAP basis related to perpetuals. We've disclosed that. I don't know the number off hand. This year, I believe, it was in the area of about $340 million. But we've got that in our releases where we could go and piece that together.
Ken Janke: 347.
Operator: The next question, sir from Darin Arita.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hoping from Kriss to get a little more color on the RBC ratio change in the quarter going down to 405 from 459. The movement was a little more than I would have thought, but was wondering if you could separate the components for us in terms of the effect from the yen, the effect from new credits downgraded and also further migration of existing credits?
Kriss Cloninger: Well, the required capital or the required risk-based capital went up about 20% in the quarter. And our total adjusted capital went up about 5.6% in the quarter. I'd say there was very little yen effect in the quarter. I think the quarter-end exchange rates were pretty close between June 30 and September. So most of it is related to ratings migration and also there is a size concentration factor in the mechanics of the RBC formula where you have to take your top ten holdings that are not rated in NAIC category one and Takafuji migrated into that category at the end of the third quarter. Of course, 20 billion of it came out in the forefront when we exercised that put option. But at September 30, it was there and caused that size concentration factor to increase fairly significantly. So most of the decline in RBC ratio related to the increase in the required capital due to the ratings changes. We did build capital. I was pleased with the 5.6% increase in capital during the quarter. So we're watching the outlook for additional ratings changes, obviously, and we're going to have to consider that as we plan for the year-end RBC position.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you put a number in terms of either RBC ratio points or the change in required capital from the 20 billion on Takafuji?
Kriss Cloninger: It might be ten points just guessing off the top of my head, something on that order or magnitude.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Gallagher.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: If the RBC risk charge, Kriss, just follow up on the point you just made is really what's driving the reduction in RBC, why wouldn't you consider a risk reduction program by disposing or at least shrinking a considerable amount of your below-investment grade holdings? If I just use rough numbers and I say you're getting at least a 10% risk charge for these assets and also some concentration hits as well, why wouldn't you consider selling those if the sale was not meaningfully greater than 10% relative to where you currently carry it? And on the yen impact on RBC, can you tell us economically speaking, why is it that there's that much sensitivity? Is it because of the reversal of currency bonds or is there something else driving that?
Kriss Cloninger: We've, for a number of years, have said that we wanted to have most of our equity denominated in dollars because we've got primarily dollar shareholders, and we think our shareholders have accepted the notion that earnings are sensitive to yen and we report, including the effect of yen and excluding the effect of yen. But once the dollars and earnings have flowed into equity, we thought that stability of the dollar capital was fairly important. We knew that we had some exposure when yen strengthens and we've accepted that. I think depending on where the yen sorts out, if it stays in the 90 end of the dollar range, as I’ve said, we've had a bias towards building yen equity for sometime now, and we've taken steps to build yen equity, and we'll continue on that position. People have asked, well don't you hedge the P&L and do futures contracts? The cost of doing that is very high. The second question; it's a simple matter of economics versus financial reporting. We look at the credit worthiness of our investments, if we had sold them all at the end of March, Tom and taken $5 billion realized loss, we'd all be fired by now because the instruments have come back in market value, I wouldn't be talking to you today if we had done that at the end of March.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse:
,:
Kriss Cloninger: It’s a matter of judgment, that's all part of management. That's part of what we're charged with doing, and we're certainly paying a lot of attention to it. Investments occupied 95% of my time over the last nine months than it never did before.
Jerry Jeffery: The momentum is behind the back of the downgrade road here. I don't know where the momentum is. I don't think anybody does. Ratings have historically been lagging indicators, not leading indicators That’s clearly been the case here. We've had an unprecedented rally in credit over the last six months, something that we’ve never seen and the downgrades have continued to occur. Who's right, the rating agencies or the markets? I don't think any of us knows. All we can do is rely on fundamental credit research. I would point out to you that as of today none of our perpetual securities have failed to meet their financial obligations. It's not clear to me that there's any benefit to go on a wholesale selling spree. The world in March was saying prices are going lower, valuations are going to zero. That prognostication is clearly wrong too. Trying to forecast is not something that we find very profitable, credit fundamentals drives our profits.
Kriss Cloninger: If we did sell securities and they're high yielding securities that are not presently in default. If we sell them and take the hit, we've got less money to invest at much lower yields. That's the alternative, putting the money out today is much harder than it has been historically. It's a much lower yield environment and that’s another operating point we have to consider.
Operator: Sir, your next question is from Ed Spehar.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: You haven't disclosed the nine-month statutory operating gain, but given the build in total adjusted capital, it would seem like your statutory operating earnings were perhaps not that much different than the quarterly run rate we had seen in the first half. Is it your sense if that's the case?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, it’s accurate.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: That would suggest that your statutory earnings for the first nine months of this year would be more along the lines of what the annual earnings were last year on an operating basis.
Kriss Cloninger: Right, we've said the run rate's close to $2 billion.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch : You are almost at $2 billion through the nine months and you are probably at $1.8 million through the nine months.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes and part of that is the yen. That's correct. $2 billion is what's in my mind based on last year and we've seeing some strengthening. Probably the $300 million, 15% yen strengthening or so.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch : On the GAAP statement, the parent company expense was very high this quarter versus other quarters. I think there were some unusual items in there. It looks to be like $18 million higher number than it had been running would be considered a 3Q event versus something we should be looking going forward?
Kriss Cloninger: About $7 million of it was related to the change of the discount rate when we booked the full amount in the third quarter.
Ken Janke: There was a $2 million dollars of investment income lower than a year ago and I think the pre-acquisition expenses of CAIC were $1 million. You won't see that going forward.
Kriss Cloninger: The biggest item that's going to continue is the increased interest expense obviously.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch : The discount rate was just a 3Q event not going forward?
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, right. That's over and done with.
Operator: The next question is from [Mark Hughes].
Unidentified Analyst: Could you just quickly give us your evaluation of the Japanese economy right now? Then any thoughts on the flow of new products in the pipeline and the potential effect on new sales in coming quarters.
Tohru Tonoike: This situation of Japanese economy is somewhat in line with what we have been seeing in the last couple of months. It seems to be improving, not very fast, but still improving. Since we have just had a new government in place and their policies, including their common policies, are not very clear, so we have a great deal of uncertainties in the future. We are looking at various opportunities, but at this point, there is nothing we can tell you about new products which are scheduled to be launched in the near future.
Dan Amos: Regarding the economy; I used this analogy that if you think of a sports injury, the US versus Japan is the US is shocked over being injured, meaning the economy, and therefore they're tentative and reluctant to push hard and recover. On the other hand, Japan's economy has been bad so long, you reach a point with a sports injury where you say look, if I don't go ahead and just push myself, I'm never going beat this, so they tend to push on. I feel like Japan's economy has been so bad, so long even though it hit probably the worst stage in the last 12 months that we've seen in the last ten years, they still were not as shell shocked as the US economy. I feel like our introduction of a new distribution system with the banking system has played a big role in helping us offset some of the issues that are out there today. This new medical product that we've introduced, I'm expecting big things from it. As I mentioned in the speech, we've written 104,000 policies. I think that's going continue, and I think you'll see strong sales from medical products in the fourth quarter, and first quarter for sure. It may even carry us through next year, new products are not an issue right now. I think making sure we take care of this new EVER product is the issue and that will be the driving force for Aflac Japan.
Unidentified Analyst: Any effect on persistency from the new medical product?
Kriss Cloninger: No, persistency in Japan has been very stable. We don't expect any changes in persistency due to that product.
Ken Janke: Lori, we have time for one more quick question, then we'll have to conclude the call.
Operator: Your final question will be from Eric Berg.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital:
 : Still, credit spreads across all rating categories have improved especially in the below investment grade. My question is why don't you think your unrealized losses have shrunk percentage wise nearly to the degree that some of the large admittedly incomparable portfolios have as your big US life companies? Why don't you think you've seen the same reduction percentage-wise that they have?
 : Still, credit spreads across all rating categories have improved especially in the below investment grade. My question is why don't you think your unrealized losses have shrunk percentage wise nearly to the degree that some of the large admittedly incomparable portfolios have as your big US life companies? Why don't you think you've seen the same reduction percentage-wise that they have?
 : Still, credit spreads across all rating categories have improved especially in the below investment grade. My question is why don't you think your unrealized losses have shrunk percentage wise nearly to the degree that some of the large admittedly incomparable portfolios have as your big US life companies? Why don't you think you've seen the same reduction percentage-wise that they have?
Jerry Jeffery: There's no way to answer your question by comparing us to other insurance companies obviously because just the composition of their portfolios is so different, but I would agree with you and in fact, one of the things that I've been looking at the (inaudible) evaluations, these valuations are extremely conservative, but it's the discipline we use and the process we use, so I have gone back to the pricing services not to challenge the prices which I think in some cases are too low, but just to point out to them some data points for them to look at in subsequent quarters when evaluating some of our securities. Some of our large holdings and some of our large below investment grade holding have not been revalued to the level they ought to be. Look it's better that we're too conservative than too aggressive in our pricing. I also would say going forward, pricing is a totally imprecise process and it will never be perfect, but we are looking at a couple of different alternatives right now to improve pricing anyway, because we do want to get as much precision as we can, but again, given the nature of our portfolio, it is impossible to be as precise as an equity mutual fund for example.
Ken Janke: Thank you all for joining this morning. If you do have any follow-up, please feel free to give Robin or myself a call at your convenience. We're here all day. Thanks again.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ken Janke - SVP of IR Dan Amos - Chairman and CEO Paul Amos - President and COO, US Operations Jerry Jeffery - SVP and Chief Investment Officer Kriss Cloninger - President and CFO Tohru Tonoike - President and COO, Aflac Japan
Analysts: Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Colin Devine - Citigroup Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Shobha Frey - Putnam Jack Sherck - SunTrust
Operator: Welcome to the Aflac second quarter Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. Please be advised, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Ken Janke: Thank you, Don. Good morning, everybody and thanks for joining us this morning. With me at Aflac are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO, Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO, Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of our US Operations, Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and Tohru Tonoike, who is President and COO of Aflac Japan, joins us from Tokyo. Before we begin this morning, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give you no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are perspective in nature. Our actual results in the future could differ materially from those that we discussed today. I'd encourage you to look at the press release we released last night, and the various risk factors that could influence our future results. Now, let me turn the program over to Dan, who will have some comments about the quarter and the outlook for Japan and the United States. I'll follow up with some financials and then we'd be pleased to take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Ken. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. I hope you had a chance to look at our second quarter press release. I'll be commenting on the operations in Japan and the United States, but first I'd like to talk about the financial results and our balance sheet. As I hope you noted, we had a strong quarter from an operational earnings perspective. Operating earnings were $1.20 diluted share, up 18.8% over the second quarter of last year. Excluding the impact of the yen, operating earnings per share rose 13.9% for the quarter and 14.6 for the six months. These results put us in a great position to achieve our annual objective of a 13% to 15% growth before the effect of foreign currency. Net earnings in the second quarter were influenced by realized investment losses. We sold our holdings of CIT in July, and recorded an impairment charge in the second quarter reflecting the sales price. In addition, we impaired the dated Upper Tier 2 securities of Communal Credit in the quarter. This Australian bank is in the process of restructuring and following the additional credit analysis, we concluded that the restructuring would decrease the likelihood we would receive the entire principal amount when the securities reached their maturities. We also impaired some perpetual securities we owned because they were classified below investment grade. The after-tax impairment charge of $93 million was determined using the equity impairment approach under the General Accepted Accounting Principles. The impairment of the perpetual securities did not affect our statutory financial statements, and we continue to believe that we will receive the interest in the principal payments that are contractually due. Just as we did in the first quarter, let me update you on the impairment outlook for the perpetual holdings. Assuming the yen/dollar exchange rate and the pricing of the perpetual securities remain unchanged from June 30s levels, and no additional downgrades to below investment grade, then we expect to book $265 million of impairments in the third quarter, and $109 million in the fourth quarter under the equity impairment method. However, I want to remind you of two important points. First, these charges will not impact GAAP shareholders equity, because all the perpetual securities are already characterized as available for sale and carried to market of a balance sheet. Second and most important, we would not be required to record comparable impairment charges per statutory accounting purposes. Even with the realized investment losses in the second quarter, our risk-based capital ratio remains high. As you saw in our press release, we estimate that the RBC ratio was 459% at the end of June. The decline since the end of March primarily reflected the affect of downgrades on the required capital. I realize that many of you have been following the rating agency's actions with respect to perpetual for or so-called 'hybrids', and have wondered what impact further downgrades might have on our RBC ratio. If we assume all of the perpetual holdings were rated below investment grade at June 30, our RBC ratio would still have exceeded our internal target. We do not think this scenario is likely, however, we believe this type of stress testing helps demonstrate that our capital position is strong enough to tolerate significant down downgrades raids in our portfolio should they arise. I know that many of you are aware of Banco Santander recently announced an exchange offer that included Abbey National perpetual securities we own. As we have done with previous offers, we closely evaluate the economics of the exchange offer. In this particular case, we concluded it was not in the best interests to participate in the exchange. Banco Santander is a strong European financial institution, and we expect the bank to continue to make coupon payments on Abbey National securities. When they announced its exchange, it also commented that further redemptions will be made on a purely economic basis. I'd like to point out that the first redemption date on Abbey National perpetuals we hold is not until January of 2015. It's certainly possible that five and half years from now, it will be in their best interests to redeem the securities. Actually, we do not have any significant short-term extension risk among our perpetual investments. For the balance of this year, we only have 163 million of perpetual securities that become eligible for redemption. We have just $104 million of perpetual securities with redemption dates of 2010. As we've previously discussed, we have two issues that were redeemed earlier this year, although Deutsche Bank did not redeem a Tier One perpetual in late June. The book value of that security is only $16 million, and more importantly, Deutsche Bank remains current on the interest payments. I think it's noteworthy that we have only one issuer who deferred the payment this year. Overall, I remain confident in the quality of the investments we hold, and the strength of our capital position. Now, let me give you a brief update on the operations beginning with Aflac Japan. Aflac Japan performed well from an operational and financial perspective in the second quarter. We were particularly encouraged by the sales results. Total new annualized premium sales in yen were up 5% for the quarter. For the first six months, total new sales were up 2.3%. We believe these results solidly positioned us to achieve our goal of flat to a 5% increase this year. Second quarter sales increase primarily reflected a favorable consumer response to the introduction of a new child endowment product we believe that we discussed at the analyst meeting in May. The strong initial sales of this new product significantly contributed to a 38.7% increase in ordinary life sales in the category. During the quarter, we sold 17,900 child endowment policies, at an average premium of JPY143,900. Although the child endowment product has a lower margin than our health insurance products, its margins significantly exceed the margins of the fixed annuity coverage that we offer. Furthermore, we believe the profit margin is reasonable, particularly given the fact that it is viewed as the best child endowment product in the market today. As we discussed at the analyst meeting, we believe the child endowment product as well as other life products called [GIFT] have potential to open doors for our third sector. In that regard, 15% of the individuals who purchased our child endowment plan from its introduction in March through June also purchased at least one of our other products. Offering new first sector products allows us to package the product with the cancer and medical products at the same time, it also gives us an opportunity to cross sell at a later date. We were very pleased to see continued improvement in the bank channels in the second quarter, with a 39% increase over the first quarter. Compared with a year ago though, bank channel sales were up 106%. At the end of June, a total number of 346 banks represented Aflac Japan. Of that amount, 275 have been selling Aflac Japan's core products like cancer and medical, since the full deregulation of sales through banks in December of 2007. We continue to have a significantly greater number of banks selling for us than any other insurer operating in Japan. We expect continued improvement in the bank channel sales through the remainder of this year and next. As you know, we began selling our market leading cancer insurance on a limited basis through Japan Post Network Co. beginning last October. Effective July 1 of this year, the number of post offices selling our products increased from 300 to 1,000. Prior to this expansion, we've trained the personnel of an additional 700 outlets. On July 14, we announced we will begin introducing a revised 'EVER' product on August 21. This will be the first major revision that we have made to our popular medical product since its introduction in 2002. The most notable change is the enhanced surgical benefit. In addition, the revised EVER premiums will be gender specific. Rates for female buyers will be lower than the original version of EVER at most issue ages, while male purchasers would generally pay less at younger ages and more at older ages. I want to emphasize that the expected profit margins for this product are comparable to our original EVER profit; and we think the revision benefits and premium structures will be well received by agents and consumers. We preannounced the new product to provide our agencies with adequate amount of time to prepare for solicitation of large accounts. While this approach accommodates our enrollments, it also means that we expect some slowdown in medical sales between the announcement date, and the introduction date, as the sales force and potential customers wait for the new product. As a result, our sales growth in the third quarter will likely be in line with the first quarter, but we anticipate a solid increase in the fourth quarter as the new medical product is rolled out. As I mentioned, we believe we can achieve our sales objective in 2009 despite the current economic conditions. As we look ahead, we are convinced that Japan remains a strong market for our type of products. Turning to our operation in the United States, we were not surprised that Aflac US was again challenged to generate sales momentum amid the difficult economic backdrop. During the second quarter, total annualized premium sales were down 10.9%, and for the six months lower than a year ago. Based on our sales results of the first half of the year, it is unlikely we will achieve our sales objective of flat to 5% increase for the full year. As we assumed in our financial projections for this year, the persistency rate for the US business declined compared to a year ago, but it improved over the first quarter of 2009. This means that we did not see any further sequential deterioration in the persistency of our business. Our second quarter persistency was fairly consistent with our planned assumption. While a very weak economic environment has continued to impact sales, we remain encouraged by the basic sales-related activities of our US operation. The current labor market has provided a good opportunity for expanding our commissioned sales force because salaried jobs are harder to come by. In the second quarter, recruitment of new agents was up 14.9% to 7,800 new sales associates, and 19.9% higher for the first half of the year. The average number of weekly producing sales associates was down 2.6% during the second quarter. However, the average number of new weekly producers rose 6.1% in the quarter. We believe that suggests the training enhancements we've implemented over the last few years have been taking hold. Like the first quarter, new payroll account sales were strong, rising 9.6% over the second quarter of 2008 and payroll accounts opened by new agents was up 19.9% or almost 20%. As you read in our release, we will be acquiring Continental American Insurance Company or CAIC in the fourth quarter for $100 million, which is approximately $67 million in excess of its year-end 2008 statutory capital and surplus. CAIC is a specialty insurer that focuses on selling voluntary group products at the worksite through broker distribution. CAIC is a profit-focused operator with margins that are consistent with our expectation. The company is strongly capitalized and its RBC ratio is 569% at the end of 2008. In fact, in June, CAIC was upgraded by A. M. Best to an (A-) or Excellent, which is a significant accomplishment in this environment. The reason for this purchase is very straightforward. For the last two years, we've been in discussions with broker distribution as one of the high priority initiatives in the United States. In pursuing this initiative, it became clear that some brokers preferred to offer group products rather than those that are individually underwritten. To meet the product needs of the field force pursuing larger accounts, and the brokers, we evaluated our options. We could build the capacity ourselves, partner with another company or purchase the expertise. We concluded that it made the most sense to purchase the scalable platform. After identifying and assessing many potential candidates, we determined that CAIC was clearly the best fit. We believe this purchase will send a clear message to brokers that we're serious about doing business in this market. Equally important, it will be helpful to our sales agents by providing yet another entry point that opens the door to large accounts. I want to emphasize that this purchase does not signal a shift in our strategy. We are still focused on growing internally and not through acquisitions. However, by purchasing this group platform, our industry-leading field force will be equipped to take advantage of the vast opportunities in the US market. We continue to work on marketing and administrative integration plans over the next few months as we prepare for 2010. Although it's too early to project the impact the acquisition will have on the US sales, we will be assessing the sales opportunities in the coming months, and our 2010 sales projection will reflect the combined outlook of Aflac and CAIC. We expect this purchase will be slightly accretive to next year's consolidated earnings after expected integration costs. At a time when our financial businesses may be evaluating the viability of the business model, we have the financial strength to invest and build on Aflac's already strong business model. With the long term we see in the United States, we believe this is the right time to invest in this vast market. Despite weak economic conditions, our earnings outlook has not changed. Our objective remains 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share in 2009, excluding the impact of yen. For 2010, our objective is a 9% to 12% increase in operated earnings per diluted share before the impact of the yen/dollar exchange. However, I want to remind you that my number one priority is to maintain a strong capital position. As you know, we issued $850 million of 10-year senior notes in May to assist in the refinancing of our 10-year senior notes we paid-off on April 15 of 2009. Simultaneously, we were also working on securing some private sources of yen denominated debt to broaden our source of debt financing. On July 21 of 2009, we signed an agreement to borrow JPY10 billion or around 105 million from a leading Japanese financial institution at an interest rate of 3.6% for a term of six years. We're also in negotiations to secure an additional $5 billion from another source that we expect to complete in the near future. We intend to apply these proceeds to the repayment of the next maturing date obligation which is July of 2010. We believe that successful conclusion of these financing activities, which will raise approximately a billion in total well positions our capital structure for the foreseeable future. Overall, I believe Aflac remains in strong position among the two best insurance markets in the world. Even though the Japanese and the US insurance markets have many differences and couldn't be more geographically diverse, they both share a common basic human need for lifestyle protection no matter what the economic climate. They also share a common opportunity for growth. At the same time, our operations are performing well, and we have a strong balance sheet. Although we continue to face challenges, I have every confidence in the future of Aflac. Ken?
Ken Janke: Thank you, Dan. Before we get to your questions, let me take you briefly through some of our second quarter numbers, starting with the Aflac Japan segment. In terms of the top line in yen, revenues were up 2.5% in the quarter. Investment income was down slightly, 0.2%, due to the impact of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income. Excluding the effect of the stronger yen, investment income would have been up 2.3%. The annualized persistency rate excluding annuities for the first six months was 93.9%, which was unchanged from the first quarter of this year, however down from 94.5% in the first half of 2008. You'll recall from our discussions last year and earlier this year that we believe one of the influences on persistency is the large segment of the population reaching retirement age, which is a common lapsation point in Japan. In terms of the quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio continued to improve over last year. It was 60.4% in the quarter, down from 61.9% a year ago. Excluding the impact from the stronger yen on investment income, the benefit ratio was 60.1%. The expense ratio for the quarter was at 19.9%, which was unchanged from a year ago, and reflecting lower benefit ratio, the pretax margin expanded from 18.2% a year ago to 19.7% this year. Excluding the affect of currency, it would have been 20.0%. With the expansion of the profit margin, pretax earnings increased 10.7% for the quarter in yen terms and again, excluding the impact of the stronger yen, pretax operating earnings were up 13.1% in the quarter. During the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen denominated securities at 3.14%. Including dollars, the blended rate was 3.34%. The portfolio yield on Aflac Japan's holdings at the end of June was 3.85%, which is down two basis points from the end of March, and 13 basis points lower than a year ago. Let me turn to Aflac US. Total revenues rose 2.7% in the quarter. As you heard, the annualized persistency rate for the six months was down from a year ago, but up versus the first quarter at 69.6%. The benefit ratio was 51.6%, compared with 52.8% a year ago. The decline in the benefit ratio reflected favorable claims trends on some product lines, as well as the affect of higher lapsation in the quarter compared with a year ago. The higher lapses compared with a year ago also increased DAC amortization, which was up 21% for the quarter. Increased DAC amortization was largely responsible for the increase in the operating expense ratio from 31.3% in 2008 to 32.3% in 2009 second quarter. However, the profit margin was 16.1%, up from 15.9% a year ago. As a result, pretax operating earnings rose 4% in the quarter. In terms of US investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 7.45% versus 7.29% a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of June was 7.22%, which was up four basis points from the first quarter, and 18 basis points higher than a year ago. In terms of some other segments, the ratio of debt to total capital was 19% at the end of June, compared with 15.9% a year ago. That excludes the affect of FAS 115. Non-insurance interest expense in the quarter was $17 million compared with $6 million a year ago, largely reflecting the $850 million of debt that we issued earlier in the year. Parent company and other expenses were $6 million in the second quarter compared with $11 million a year ago. The pretax operating margins improved in the quarter, reflecting both better margins in the US and Japanese segment. The pretax margin rose from 17.2% to 18.2%, and on an after-tax basis, the margin increased from 11.2% to 12.0%. On an operating basis, the tax rate was 34.2%, down slightly from 34.7% in the second quarter of 2008. As you heard, operating earnings per diluted share were up 18.8% to $1.20, which was better than the guidance we had communicated on our first quarter call. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.05 for the quarter, and $0.14 for the first half of this year. Excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per diluted share increased 13.9% for the quarter and 14.6% for the first six months. Finally, let me comment on the outlook for operating earnings per share for this year. As Dan mentioned, our objective for 2009 is a 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, excluding the impact of the yen. Assuming we produce a 13% increase at last year's average currency rate, we would expect to report $4.51 in operating earnings per diluted share for the full year of 2009. Although the yen has weakened a bit to the dollar since the end of the year, the average rate so far is still stronger than it was a year ago. Today, the yen has averaged approximately JPY95 to the dollar. If the yen averages JPY95 to JPY100 to the dollar for the full year, we would expect reported earnings to be in the area of $4.59 to $4.73. Under that same currency scenario, we would expect operating earnings per diluted share to be in the area of $1.19 to $1.22. The last time I checked First Call, I believe the third quarter consensus estimate was $1.16 for the third quarter. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions. We do want to make sure everyone has an opportunity to ask a question. So please limit your questions to one if you can, so we can get to everybody. Don, now I'll turn it back to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from Suneet Kamath. Sir, your line is open.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Good morning. My question relates to the US business. I guess in the prepared comments, Dan, you referred to differences in terms of productivity of the entire sales force versus the new sales force, and it seems like the new sales force is doing much better than the combined. I'm just sort of curious about that because I would think that the guys that have been around for a lot longer, obviously have seen various economic cycles, I would think that they would be in a better position to make your sales pitch in terms of product affordability much better than the newer guys. So, I'm just wondering what's going on there? Is it a situation like we saw a couple of years ago where, you had a couple of good years of sales and the experienced sales people just said, I'm going to sit back and take my recurring commissions and just not generate as much new business as I otherwise might have? So any color you could provide there would be helpful.
Dan Amos: I'm going to let Paul answer that, but I think what you just said was part of it.
Paul Amos: The basic answer is that the vast majority of our veteran associates spend time reenrolling their existing accounts after a certain period of time. So, they build up a certain block of accounts, they then go in based on the growth and the turnover in those accounts and write those people in that existing account as well as servicing those accounts. Unfortunately, for many of them, those accounts have not only, not increased in size, but have decreased dramatically, especially in the smaller account sizes. So for our veteran associates, it is not about their ineffectiveness of their pitch or their ability to sell Aflac products. In fact, you are right. Over time, I believe our Aflac associates continue to get better and better. However, if they are not focusing to some extent on newer accounts to supplement the decrease in employees at our existing accounts, then I think that it has hurt them. As Dan mentioned in some of his numbers, our new recruits are up, our new accounts and new accounts from new associates are up tremendously. So, we are seeing our new accounts and the opportunity for our business to be sold go extremely well. So, I do believe that it is a problem that is within our existing accounts that is directly correlated to the economic impact that this economy is having on those businesses, and is therefore outside of the veteran associates' control.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Just one quick follow-up. It seems like the last time we went through this, it took a couple of years for the US to really turnaround. I know the new guys are doing better, but I mean is that ex the Continental acquisition that you're making. I mean, is your sense that it's going to take maybe into 2011 before we see the core business actually produce growth allowing the new guys to sort of mature?
Paul Amos: It's very difficult for me to tell what's going to happen until we see a turn in the labor market. That said, I will be extremely disappointed if we don't see a turn before then, but that is rhetorical. I hope that we will see a turn and I believe that we're putting initiatives and things in place to continue to sell, to open the minds of people to the products that we have, and we hope to continue to move in the right direction.
Dan Amos: One thing I'd say Suneet is, when you look back at that particular time you're talking about, we had not prepared our new sales people that way. We didn't have the training. The one thing I think I showed you from the statistics is that the way we're training our people and their production, it's going very well. So, I think the chance for recovery is faster because we have that added on top of it.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Schwartz. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Jerry, a question for you. Can we go over the hybrid portfolio again? I know you do this every quarter, but can you once again explain to us how you get to the fair values that you have given that there are, I guess you would say like, not private, but like public holdings that fair values are not quite where you've got your fair values? So, if you can go over that again I would very, very much appreciate it.
Jerry Jeffery: Sure. There are two ways primarily that we do it, and this applies to any investment that is below investment grade. We solicit prices on a monthly basis from individual brokers, and we take the average of those prices. We do look at the prices for reasonableness too. If one of the broker prices we feel is way off the mark for some reason or just plain error, then we throw it out and use the remaining prices. For the lion's share of our investment grade securities, and this includes perpetuals, we use model pricing, which again takes in brokers price, and brokers provide input to our model, and we use that input in pricing our securities. I would also say that the check that we have for model pricing is all of our securities are actually hand priced by brokers, and that the lion's share of that is a check against the accuracy of our model prices. Is that what you need Steve?
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Jerry, what would be some of the key inputs that you would put in that model?
Jerry Jeffery: The key inputs will be maturity, sale, rating sale, level of subordination. Those are the primary inputs that go into it and sector. Sorry, sector as well.
Operator: The next question is from Colin Devine. Your line is open.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Good morning. I've got hopefully a couple of quick ones. First, I appreciate your pre-announcing the realized losses you're going to be taking over the rest of the year, but if you know these bonds are impaired now, I've never seen a company that can do this, that doesn't impair them now versus waiting the next six months. So perhaps, Kriss, you could explain to me how that works under GAAP, because I've certainly never seen it before. Second for Jerry, on the Santander tender, it's our understanding that was for all the outstanding hybrids, and that if you don't tender for it, then you're just left with illiquid securities, and I'm not sure what the sense of that is, and if you can talk a little bit more why you're not. For another one, I'll turn to Dan, with all due respect to Paul. I appreciate all the comments about what's happening here in the US with the economy and that's the reason why sales are struggling, but isn't it factual to say, sales have been flat for three if not four years now, and that was certainly long before the recession started. So, I'm not so sure, what I'm looking is, you can't just blame it on the economy. It seems to me there's been a problem here for some time that didn't just come up in the last 12 months. Thanks.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. Colin, I'll handle the first one, the question about why we've got impairments we say we'll take in the third and fourth quarter that we're not recognizing currently. First of all, let me say that these are impairments on the so-called, 'perpetual securities' that do not have a fixed maturity date, and that the SEC and FASD said, need to be recognized for impairment under an equity impairment method. Now, the equity impairment method says that if a security trades below a certain percent of book for a specified period of time, then it needs to be written down to its current market value after that specified period of time. There is no consideration of the credit quality per se of that security other than in the case of perpetuals that they are rated below investment grade. So, what we've got are certain perpetuals that are currently rated below investment grade that will have been a specified percent below current book for a specified period of time ending in the third quarter or the fourth quarter, and that's how we schedule those out. These are not regular debt securities where there's been a credit event, but they're just the perpetuals without the fixed maturity date that we had to change the accounting on in the third quarter of last year from the accounting we had previously had in place. So I hope that clarifies that?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: It does somewhat, Kriss, although it's still not clear to me, if you know they're impaired, why you don't just step up and do it now.
Kriss Cloninger: Colin, they don't meet the impairment test yet because the impairment test is based on the ageing of unrealized losses, and they haven't reached the schedule at this point.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: It's also based on, if you believe; they're impairment. That's what we are hearing.
Kriss Cloninger: No, this is not with the perpetual securities. They are being impaired under an equity impairment method which has nothing to do with the issuer's ability to pay, it has everything to do with the price and length of time at which they have traded below a certain level of book value.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Your other peers were writing down their perpetuals in the case of Royal Bank of Scotland (inaudible) in $0.45 on the dollar in the first quarter. So, let's move on.
Jerry Jeffery: Your second question Colin I believe pertain to Santander, and decision not to tender. There were two elements in our decision. One is, we looked at the dollar securities, and the terms of our current dollar securities holdings, and we concluded today, we have far superior call protection, and a far greater income stream currently than we would get with the exchange, and also based on our evaluation of the financial strength of Santander, we elected to keep the securities that we have and it is our intend to hold it until the expected economic maturity. In the case of the yen securities, the terms of the exchange as they were presented to us were to convert these into euro bonds which really would create an accounting nightmare for us. In addition to that, the specific call features of these bonds are very attractive if they don't call them to us. The coupons remain higher than current market coupons. So, in that case, we would certainly entertain a proposal from Santander to exchange for yen securities if that were forthcoming. We haven't heard anything. However, currently, it's just a far better proposition for us to keep what we have.
Dan Amos: In regard to sales, we were up 13.1% in '06, and we were up 9.5% in '07, which is a compound of over 10%. It was really the second half of last year when things started being a problem. So, we did have those compared to the US for four years and so that's it.
Operator: The next question is from Darin Arita. Your line is open.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Turning to the US with the acquisition of Continental, can you give us the sense of the size of the broker market opportunity, and maybe what proportion of sales that could get to?
Paul Amos: Darren, I'm not prepared yet to talk about specific numbers, but I have been talking rhetorically over the last year and a half at our FAB meetings about us seeing the broker market as an opportunity. Really and truly, the vast majority of Aflac's accounts, 90% of them are [100 and less lives]. While our agents continue to do well in that market, they also continue to do well in the large account market, and we felt like that we had the individual platform, the best in the business, it continues to be what I believe is the platform that's best for the majority of accounts in the United States, but there are some accounts and some brokers who are demanding or wanting the features that come along with the group platform. Therefore, we went out and made this acquisition, really as a platform basis as well as the strength of Continental American, and by adding those two together, the availability for us to offer whatever is needed or requested by the account itself. In terms of growth in the broker market specifically, I think it's early for us to be able to determine what those numbers are going to look like. As you can imagine, the broker market only started reacting to this after the close yesterday. I hope and believe that that reaction has already started to be strong, and in a favorable manner, but I hope over the coming quarters I can give you a better number than I can today.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: In terms of that market though, there are many other large competitors there. What will Aflac bring that's different?
Paul Amos: I believe Continental American today is winning and bringing a lot of accounts. The fact that they had a B rating prior to their recent upgrade prevented them from acquiring as many accounts as they would have otherwise. Their recent A rating has brought them into some strength. Of course, now we bring more to them with the Aflac umbrella and the Aflac brand. There are also many, many accounts that have come to us in the past and said that they would like to put in Aflac if we had a group platform. Now, we immediately open up those opportunities for Continental, and so I believe it is something that provides synergy to both of us. The key is managing how we present ourselves to each client, and making sure we put the best products out for them based on their specific needs.
Operator: Next question is from Randy Binner. Your line is open.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. I apologize if I missed out, but I guess we're trouble just backing into how the RBC went down. The debt that was raised earlier this year that didn't go to the maturity, is that included in the RBC, the 459 you reported or is that above the subs? If you also just give some color on how ratings migration may have affected the RBC ratio; that would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. The debt that we raised did not impact RBC in this quarter. We did use a portion of that debt to pay-off the intercompany loan between the parent and the sub that we had created to pay-off the notes when they were due April 15. But that was an admitted asset, and did not adversely impact RBC at the date we made that intercompany loan. We have two events this quarter, I guess, that both negatively impacted RBC. The impairments of the CIT and the Communal Credit securities, both were realized investment losses that impacted statutory, and we didn't really anticipate them. Then, there were a number of downgrades from NAIC one or two, from one NAIC level to another NAIC level that carried a higher percent of required capital, so our required capital increased in an order of magnitude close to 10% that drove down the RBC ratio some.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: That's perfect. So just to clarify, the $4.59 is net, if you will, of all the new debt that came in?
Kriss Cloninger: That's correct. The new debt that came in did not impact the $4.59.
Operator: Tom Gallagher, your line is open.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Just had a question about the way I should think about margins playing out in Japan, I guess for Kriss. Kriss, if I turn to page 29 of the supplement, and I look at the difference between incurred claims and total benefits, and as a percent of total revenue, that gap has continued to narrow pretty sharply, and I guess I understand it intuitively because of the conservatism in the accounting and the reserves, but I guess what I'm trying to get my arms around here is that gap was 25 points going back two years ago, it's 15 points now. Are we going to start to see a deceleration of the margin improvement if you look out a couple of years? And I say that because the product mix shift doesn't appear to really be explaining the margin improvement anymore. If I look at the products mix shift, it's actually been fairly stable between the short tail medical and the longer tail life and cancer products. So just curious if I'm thinking about that the right way or at what point we might start to see a deceleration of the margin improvement which has been real healthy as of late.
Kriss Cloninger: That's a good question, Tom. First of all, let me just make note on your observation of the shrinkage of the difference between incurred claims and total benefits. You know, as a block of business ages, particularly the cancer block, you're going to see more current claims come through as the policy holders age, and you're going to see either a lower increase or an actual decrease in the increase in future policy benefits. In the early years of the contracts, we hold back money to pay the claims that we know are going to be paid out later in the contract life. So, it's only natural to see the incurred claim piece or the paid claim piece go up, and the change in future policy benefits go down on a cancer block specifically. Another thing you see there related to mix of business is that that the medical business, the EVER products, they tend to pay out more claims early in the contract life, and build up fewer future policy benefits than the cancer block does. So, to the extent that the mix is contributing more of the medical products to the total, you would expect the incurred claims to increase for the block measured as a whole. So, that's having an impact, too. The final thing, Tom, which impacts margin quite a bit is the improvement in the number of days hospitalized on our old cancer block. The number of days in the hospital does drive the vast majority of our claims on the cancer block in Japan, and the decline in the number of days hospitalized for cancer has been a significant contributor to the decline in the margin, and that's continued on through today. Everybody wonders when is the margin going to cease to improve, and I think the margin will continue to improve as long as we get an improvement or a decline in the average days per stay for cancer treatment, and it will slowdown once that trend starts to slowdown. Thereafter, the trend in the mix will rely more just on the straight mix between medical that tends to have lower loss ratios and cancer that tends to have higher loss ratios. So, those are the major factors in my mind that you're thinking about.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: That's very helpful. I don't know if there's a way to at least ballpark this, but if we think about the acceleration of the margin improvement which appears to be more based on improving the claim trends on medical, which would be the number of days hospitalized, could you quantify what you think that impact might be so we can sort of figure out when that does stabilize, what the sort of sustainable margin improvement would be?
Kriss Cloninger: It's partly going to depend on the actions the Japanese government takes on its healthcare financing practices. They've had in place for a number of year's incentives for hospitals to discharge patients earlier than they have in the past. They're working on declining the average number of days per stay, so they can minimize the healthcare reimbursements to the hospital. So, a lot of the answer to that question depends on what the Japanese government does in terms of managing the national healthcare costs in that country, and I'm not sure I'm a good enough predictor of Japanese political outcomes to give you a hard answer to that.
Operator: Eric Berg, your line is open.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. My question is actually a follow-up to Tom's and directed to Dan. Dan, the gap or difference between the rate of growth that the company is earning and the growth of the in force remains quite substantial. I think the growth of the in force both here and in Japan was the lowest in recent memory. I think it's running about 3%. Obviously, you're not pleased with that, but my question is, are you comfortable with a business model that for the foreseeable future basically involves the company's earnings growth being driven heavily by this margin improvement that Tom and Kriss were referencing, and organic growth in terms of growth of the in force that is very modest? Is that okay, and is that what investors can expect for the foreseeable future?
Dan Amos: It beats not having it. I would say that what it allows us to do is it allows us an opportunity to find ways to build top line growth, and what we have to do is during these periods of time, is to look for better ways. I'm hoping that this acquisition will be one example of a way to ultimately help with top line growth in the US. I'm hoping in Japan and US, as the economy improves, we will be positioned well with all the new accounts that we've opened because of the shelf space that we've created. I'm hoping in Japan that with the new distribution channel of the banks, which we'll have to see, it's still early to tell, but certainly the post office has potential, there are things that we can do, but I would prefer growing with top line. There's no doubt about that, but I'm glad that we do have this expansion that has taking place to give us an opportunity to do that. Frankly, we see this for several years to come. As you know, Eric, it's been going on for several years. It has made a difference. However, as you pointed out, which I certainly see is, we have seen slowdown and I relate that a little bit to the economy, and hope that that will pick back up.
Paul Amos: One thing I'd like add to that Eric. The margin improvement has primarily benefited us coming out of Japan where persistency is a lot more stable than the US, and you're going to see, a quicker turnaround in US revenues or a quicker deterioration in US revenues because of the lower persistency of the US business compared to the Japanese business. It takes a lot longer to move the Japanese numbers than it does to move the US numbers. So, that's just something to factor into the equation. That is to say, you know, it gets worse fast in the US, but it can get better faster compared to Japan.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: You're saying that's a function of the differing persistency?
Paul Amos: Yes, sir.
Operator: Shobha Frey, your line is open.
Shobha Frey - Putnam: Hi. I just wanted to ask a quick question. You seem confident enough in your business to be spending $100 in the CAIC acquisition, and I was wondering if that confidence extends to resuming share buybacks next year and this is Shobha Frey at Putnam.
Dan Amos: I would say that, this was a strategic fit for us. Let me just say, the answer to your share repurchase, the quick answer is, we won't commit one way or another at this point. My position is that we're interested in keeping that RBC up to protecting capital and strengthen the balance sheet, and at this point in time, I'm not willing to go out on a limb and say what we're going to do. I think to understand this acquisition; everything came in alignment in a great way because we truly believe this is kind of a perfect situation for us. We looked about building our systems internally and, frankly, it would have taken too long and cost too much, and it was no sense in inventing the wheel when it had already been created, a great wheel out there that we had an opportunity to acquire, and certainly a strong management team associated with that. So, that's really what's doing it. Again, just to point out, remember that $100 million was the price, but we also got surplus of over $30 million, probably $33 million or so. So I just want to point that out.
Kriss Cloninger: The other thing is that capital Continental American, as a sub of the parent company; it won't be consolidated into Aflac US, and therefore won't have any direct affect on the surplus of Aflac, the life company. It will consume some capital of the parent company, but not a material amount compared to what we were spending on share repurchase in prior years.
Operator: Jack Sherck, your line is open.
Jack Sherck - SunTrust: Thank you very much. Jack Sherck with SunTrust. Just a couple of questions for you. First off, with the new recruitment of sales force in the US, with the luck you're having there of them performing better than your existing sales force or more tenured sales force, do you continue to hire there at kind of the same rate in the back half of the year, kind of in the mid-teens?
Paul Amos: If I have somehow construed that they're doing significantly better, it's really more that the newer associates are focused on newer accounts, where we continue to be successful. Our veteran associates are focused on accounts where they're losing people. It's not that one's making a better pitch than the other. But to clarify on your recruiting point, we have been very well on recruiting traditionally in a down economy. It gives us an opportunity to offer commission-only opportunity to a variety of people who would not have chosen this same career otherwise or may have not listened in the past. So, I will say that our continued growth at this level really depends upon the labor market, but I hope that we do continue to grow in a strong manner. We're adding better talent than I've seen us add in my tenure here in worldwide headquarters, and I believe it is having a strong effect on our growth within the new account segment.
Dan Amos: I've noticed it's a younger group, which gives me a lot of excitement as I look in the future that that will help us with people.
Jack Sherck - SunTrust: All right. Then my other question was, I saw the other day that the Health Ministry of Japan is planning on upping their cancer screens to about 50% of the population, up from currently about 20 to 30 by 2012. Have they done something like that before or how long do you think it will take to have a positive impact on your business?
Dan Amos: Tohru?
Tohru Tonoike: I'm sorry. I couldn't hear your question. Can you repeat, please?
Jack Sherck - SunTrust: Sure. The other day I saw the Health Ministry for Japan increase their goal for cancer screening to 50% of the population, currently it looks to be about 20% to 30%, by 2012. Have they done something like that before and/or how long do you think for this to have a positive impact on your business?
Tohru Tonoike: That's a continuing effort by the government to get the goal a few years out, and I think that as the government makes efforts, the more local governments, the prefectures are taking similar steps to improve the number of the people who receive the cancer test. So, clearly people's awareness against cancer is rising, so I think that has already taken effect to some extent. But, I can't tell you how much increase I can get from that on the sales of the cancer policy, but I think it is beginning to take effect, and it will continue to do so for a few years continuously.
Dan Amos: I think your point is well taken, that it is very helpful to us. The more they talk about cancer in Japan, the better it is for us in terms of writing cancer insurance. So, it's productive to hear those things. The more they screen for it, the better it is too because, because we catch people in the early stages, and so that lowers our health care cost as well. So, we we've seen this focus. Just to remind you, going back to the early days, in the early days, we would pay claims and we would not even tell the claimants. We told the family, but it was so taboo, you couldn't even tell people that they had cancer. We were told by the hospital not to tell them, but to tell their family members. Now, we're in a society where they're increasing, as you are pointing out, from 20% to 50% trying to get people involved, so that has changed, and I think it ultimately is very beneficial to us and the Japanese society.
Ken Janke: I'm showing top of the hour at this point. So, we'll go ahead and conclude the call. I hope were able to answer everyone's questions. If not, please take advantage of our toll-free number, either call Robin Wilkey or myself and we'll be happy to continue the dialogue. Thank you and we hope to talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Aflac Incorporated (AFL):
Executives: Ken Janke – SVP, IR Dan Amos – Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger – President and CFO Jerry Jeffery – SVP and Chief Investment Officer Paul Amos – President and COO
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein Colin Devine – Citigroup Andrew Kligerman – UBS Darin Arita – Deutsche Bank Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets Jeff Schuman – KBW
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may wish to disconnect at this time. I'll now turn the meeting over to Mr. Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Jenke, you may begin.
Ken Janke: Thank you, Susan, and good morning everybody, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter conference call. With me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of our US operations joins us from a national sales convention; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, and Tohru Tonoike, who is President and COO of Aflac Japan joins us from Tokyo. Before we begin, let me mention the safe harbor. I would like to point out that some of the statements in this conference call are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. I would encourage you to look at our recent quarterly press release for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our future results. Now, I’ll like to turn the program over to Dan to comment on the quarter and also the balance sheet and the outlook for the United States and Japanese operations. I will follow up with a few financial highlights, and then we'd be happy to take your questions. Dan?
Dan Amos: Thank you, Ken. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Hope you had a chance to review our first quarter press release. I will comment on our operations in Japan and the United States but first I would like to discuss our balance sheet and capital position at the end of the quarter. As we mentioned in our press release yesterday, we elected to early adopt the new mark to market accounting. Although we did not get any relief on the pricing site, we believe the changes regarding impairment charges supports the long view of price recovery that we have held for many years. We believe analyzing Alfac's investment portfolio and potential other than temporary impairment for the long-term perspective makes sense. This long-term view reflects the way we approach and manage the investments supporting our policy liabilities. Our policyholder liabilities have long durations, particularly in Japan. As such we purchased long-duration assets to support those liabilities. Due to our asset liability matching approach and very strong predictable operating cash flows, we have the ability and intent to hold the securities until they recover in value, which may be at their maturity. As a result, our approach has always been to take impairment charges for debt securities only when our credit analysis indicate we are unlikely to receive contractual interest and principal payments. We believe the robust accounting guidance supports that view. We did incur some credit losses in the first quarter. However at 152 million, they were manageable given the strong capital generation of our business. I do want to point out that 42 million of the charges on perpetual securities resulted from the application of equity impairment approach, because they were downgraded to below investment grade. The impairment of perpetuals did not affect our statutory financial statements, as we continue to believe we will receive interest and principal payments that are contractually due. If the pricing of the perpetuals remain unchanged as of March 31 levels, and there are no additional downgrades to below investment grade, we would expect to book 295 million of impairments during the remainder of the year under the equity impairment method. I want to emphasize two points. First, these charges would not impact GAAP shareholder equity. And second and most important, we would not record impairment charges for statutory accounting purposes. Overall, I remain pleased with the quality of our balance sheet. As you're well aware, the pricing for fixed maturities have deteriorated significantly since year-end. That resulted in a sharp increase in unrealized losses in our portfolio and a decline in the shareholder equity. However, because we hold our investments until maturity, the unrealized losses will not be realized if our credit analysis is correct, which we conclude the investment is good money. Again, we believe this view is fully supported by the recent changes in the mark to market accounting. Despite the ongoing decline in the global credit quality, the credit profile of our investments remain high. I'm sure you're not surprised that we experienced credit downgrades in our holdings in the first quarter. However, at the end of March, 95% of our fixed maturities in perpetual securities were investment grade compared to 98.2% at year-end. At the end of March, 86% of the perpetuals securities were investment grade. In addition to monitoring the overall credit quality of perpetuals securities in our portfolio, we are continually assessing deferral and risk extensions. Other than the securities of the Icelandic banks that we wrote off in the fourth quarter, everyone of the perpetuals securities we own is current on interest. We do own 102 million of fixed maturity upper tier 2 securities of an Austrian bank that deferred its coupon in the first quarter. That bank, Communal Credit, was contractually required to defer payment due to profitability test. The coupons on the securities are cumulative and additionally they provide interest on top of the coupon. Based on our extensive work on this credit, we continue to believe we will receive all interest payments and principals, and as a result we did not impair these bonds. I would also like to point out that we have not experienced any extension of principal at this point. You will recall that in the fourth quarter of 2008, we had three separate hybrid securities redeemed. On April 22 of this year, KBC Bank redeemed its upper tier 2 securities we own. For the balance of the year, we have four perpetuals securities totaling 235 million that are expected to be redeemed. As you're aware, the senior notes issued in 1999 matured earlier this month. It has always been our preference to refinance the notes in the debt market to preferably the Samurai market in Japan. However, due to the financial crisis, debt markets have been effectively closed to financial names, especially those without government guarantees. In addition, we are sensitive to the current interest rate costs and we are not willing to issue debt with excessive coupons. As a result, we elected to repay our maturing obligations using internally generated funds. We accomplished this through a loan from our principal life insurance subsidiary American Family Life Assurance Company to the parent Aflac Inc. It is important to note that the loan is an admitted asset on the insurance subsidiary's booked under statutory accounting principles. As a result, it does not negatively impact our RBC ratio. The loan has an annual interest of 7.13% and a term of three years with a provision for early repayment. Although the loan has a three-year term, we view it as short-term financing until the credit markets improve. At the time, our preference remains exploring the debt markets for longer-term financing. I would like to point out that the senior notes that matured were originally issued with a notion of about 450 million at 6.5% annual interest rate. We entered into a cross currency interest rates swap to convert dollar obligations into yen denominated notes at 55.6 billion yen at a 1.67 annual rate. By doing so, we estimated that we saved more than 200 million in interest payments over the life of the senior notes, which is almost twice the cost of the foreign exchange portion of the swap contract. The total cost of the swaps was 106 million. Our debt issue to mature occurs in July of 2010. Although that is more than a year away, we are already exploring options to satisfy the 40 billion in obligation. I continue to believe our regulatory capital position remains very strong. Our risk-based capital was 477% at the end of the year and I consider that number to be very impressive in light of the negative effect of the 25% strengthening of the yen dollar in 2008, as well as elevated credit losses for last year. Although we have not yet completed our statutory accounting for the first quarter, we believe the capital position remains very strong. We estimate that the RBC ratio was 479% at the end of March. I would like to assure you that our primary focus remains on Alfac's capital position. In fact every officer's incentive compensation for 2009 has a component link to maintaining the target of RBC ratio of 375. We recognize that shareholders are laser focused on capital adequacy and I believe it is important for our officer group to be aligned with those interests. At the same time, I want to ensure that we continue to concentrate on the business of running Aflac's core operations. Therefore, we are still using other important incentive compensation methods, such as traditional premium, sales, expense growth. Additionally, we used the RBC ratio as the only measure for our performance based restricted stock that were granted to the section 16 insiders this year. To earn these equity awards when they best in three years, we will have to maintain a targeted RBC level. Maintaining our shareholder dividend is also directly related to the statutory capital position and our ability to upstream funds the parent company. Based on the current results and expectations for capital generated in 2009, we do not expect any change to this year's dividend. Our statutory capital generation in the first quarter was strong. We estimate first quarter's statutory operating income exceeded $500 million. We believe it is important to many of our owners that we continue to pay the dividend. However, if deterioration in investment portfolio produces stress on our statutory capital position, we will certainly look to a modified dividend as a means of conserving capital. Now let me turn to a brief review of the operations beginning with Aflac Japan. Aflac Japan performed very well both from an operation and a financial perspective in the first quarter 2009. Although sales are basically flat in the quarter, we were encouraged by our results in the first quarter. In the first quarter of 2008, we produced strong sequential sales growth from the new bank channels. In the fourth quarter, sales of all insurance and investment products at banks fell sharply with the emergence of the financial crisis. And bank third sector products including Aflac's were not immune. However in the first quarter of 2009, sales through the bank channels recovered some of the pricing, 5.2% on a sequential basis. Compared with the start of the banks channel sales in the first quarter of last year, sales were up 265%. At the end of March, we had selling agreements with 250 banks, which is significantly greater than the next closest company selling through banks. We continue to believe that the bank channel is a great opportunity for distribution of our product and we expect further improvement in this channel as the year progresses. We were also pleased with the sale of cancer insurance, which was up 7.4% for the quarter. Cancer insurance sales benefited from the new sales channel or the bank channel and Cancer Forte upgrade products we began offering last year. While medical sales were down 5.4% in the quarter, ordinary products 1% [ph]. We introduced two new life products in the first quarter. We think consumers will find these new first actor policies appealing. We also believe it will better position us to offer our primary third sector products in the future. In addition to launching new products, we expanded our reach through the recruitment of new agencies. In the first quarter, recruitment was up 35% over last year. We believe this increase reflected improved recruiting techniques as well as weak labor market in Japan. More importantly, we believe we can provide appropriate training that will turn recruits into producers. We continue to view Japan as a very good market for the types of products we offer. Although Japan's weak economic will certainly pose challenges, we still think the sales range of flat to 5% increase for the year is reasonable. Not surprising, Aflac US also faced challenges selling insurance in a weak economic environment. During the first quarter, total new annualized sales were down 6/10 of a percent. As we pointed out in the press release, we had six additional production days in the first quarter due to the moment in the production calendar. With the benefit of the extra days, sales would have been down approximately 6.5%. Despite the weak sales environment, we still produced premium income of 1.1 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 5%. As we assumed in our financial projections for this year, the persistency rate for the US business declined. Our first quarter persistency rate was about 98% of our planned assumption. Virtually all product lines and various policy durations showed higher lapses. That tells us higher lapses rates are directly linked to the recessionary environment. We believe our coverage is affordable for the average American family, yet we realized in these times and hardships, families have difficult choices to make. I would like to point out that the lapsation did not hurt Aflac US earnings. However, the lapse rates this year do put pressure on US premium and earnings growth in 2010. Like last year, we remain encouraged with the basic sales related activities of the US operations. The current labor market has provided good opportunities for expanding our commission sales force based on salaried jobs being on the comeback. In the first quarter, recruitment of new agents was up 25% to 8,100 new sales associates. The average number of weekly producing associates increased by 2.4% in the quarter and the average number of new weekly producers rose 12.1%. New payroll account growth was also up solid 9.9% over the first quarter of 2008 and payroll accounts opened by new agents was up 18.1%. We remain convinced that we have strong business model in the United States and we believe there are tremendous opportunities for our product line. We expect the US sales and persistency will continue to be influenced by the weak economic conditions. And although a challenge, we currently believe it is possible to produce flat sales to a 5% increase this year. From an earnings perspective, our objective remains 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share in 2009 excluding the impact of the yen. But I want to remind you that my number one priority is capital position. Our capital position remains strong yet with credit markets remaining distressed, I think it is unlikely that we will purchase shares in 2009 even though we finds the valuations very attractive. With no share repurchase, we would expect earnings growth to be at the low end of the 13% to 15% range, which is consistent with the comments on the fourth quarter conference call. Overall I believe we remain well positioned in the two best insurance markets in the world from a competitive standpoint. Our operations are performing well and our balance sheet is strong. Although we remain in very challenging times, I have great confidence in the future of Aflac. Ken?
Ken Janke: Thank you Dan. Before we get to your questions, let me briefly go through some of the first quarter numbers starting with Aflac Japan. Total revenues rose 3.3% in the quarter ending in yen terms. Investment income was up 0.5%, which was held back due to the impact of the stronger yen and Aflac Japan's dollar-denominated portfolio. Excluding the effect of the stronger yen, investment income was up 4.6%. The annualized persistency rate excluding annuities in the first quarter was 93.9% compared with 94.4% in the first quarter of 2008. As we previously discussed, we believe the persistency was impacted by a higher proportion of the population and our customer base reaching retirement age. In addition however it is clear that the weak Japanese economy has also influenced policy retention. In terms of quarterly operations ratios, the benefit ratio continued to improve as we had expected. It was 61.5% in the quarter compared with 62.4% a year ago. Excluding the impact from the stronger yen investment income, the benefit pressure would have been 61.3%. The expense ratio for the quarter was 19.5 compared with 19.6% in 2008. Expenses overall were in line with our plan and debt amortization was higher due in part to lower persistency. Reflecting the lower benefit in expense ratios, the margin improved from 18% to 19% in the quarter and with the expansion of the margin, pretax earnings were up 9.3% in yen. Again, excluding the impact of the stronger yen on the dollar-denominated portfolio, pretax earnings were up 11.2% in the quarter. For the first quarter, we invested our cash flows in yen securities at 4.13% and including dollars, the blended rate was 4.57. The portfolio yield at the end of March was 3.87 which was down three basis points from December and 12 basis points lower than a year ago. Turning to Aflac US, revenues rose 4.7% for the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the three months was 66.9% compared with 71.9. As Dan mentioned, the economy has undoubtedly influenced our lapse rates. I would like to remind you that was an annualized rate and our first quarter is generally the lowest quarter in terms of persistency. On a rolling 12 month average basis, the rate was 71.9 versus 73.6% for the prior period. For Aflac US operating ratios, the benefit ratio was 49.5%, down from 52.4% in the first quarter of 2008. The decline in the benefit ratio reflected the release of reserves related to the higher lapsation. Higher lapse rates also increased DAC amortization which rose 32.8% in the quarter and that was largely responsible for the increase in the operating expense ratio rising from 31.4% to 33.9%. The margin expanded and was 16.6% in the quarter compared with 16.2% a year ago. And as a result, pretax earnings rose 7.2%. Although we did not have a lot of cash flow go into new Aflac US investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 8.67, up from 7.03 a year ago. And the yield on the portfolio at the end of March was 7.18 which is up eight basis points from the fourth quarter and 17 basis points higher than a year ago. Looking at some other items, non-insurance interest expense was unchanged at $7 million in the quarter. Parent company and other expenses were $8 million, down from $10 million a year ago. Total operating profit margins rose, reflecting the improved profitability of Aflac Japan and US. The pretax margin rose from 17% to 18.1% and on an after-tax basis the margin 11.8 up from 11.1. The tax rate was unchanged at 34.7%. We did generate $0.32 per share in operating or realized gains in the quarter, which is we said we trigger to offset tax losses we had previously booked. We also had $0.33 per share of realized losses which combined with those gains resulted in a net realized loss of a penny in the quarter. We also purchased some of our yen denominated corporate debt in the quarter. We brought back 5.4 billion yen of bonds at a purchase price of 3.86 billion yen or about 71% at par. The extinguishments of this debt resulted in a $10 million gain in the quarter or $0.02 per diluted share. As we reported, operating earnings on a per diluted share basis rose 24.5% to $1.22. The stronger yen in the quarter increased operating earnings by $0.09 cents per share. And excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per share increased 15.3% for the first quarter. I would like to comment on the outlook for operating earnings. As Dan mentioned, our objective is 13% to 15% excluding the impact of the yen on a per diluted share basis. However, as you heard, it is more likely it would be toward the lower end of the range this year as we do not anticipate purchasing any shares in 2009. A 13% increase would translate into $4.51 in operating earnings per share for 2009, assuming the same exchange rate. And although the yen has weakened to the dollar since last year, the average so far this year which is about 95 yen is still stronger than it was a year ago. If we assume the yen averages 100 to 105 for the full year, we would expect to report operating earnings of $4.47 to $4.59 per diluted share for 2009. And under that same currency scenario, we would expect second-quarter operating earnings per share to be $1.11 to $1.14. The current first call estimate for the second quarter is $1.15. I hope you will all attend or listen to our 2009 analyst meeting which will be coming up in just a couple of weeks. At that time, we will discuss our outlook for 2010 earnings targets. We would like to take your questions now. We have about 35 minutes to do so. I would hope you would just ask one question so we can make sure we get to everybody. Susan, with that I'll turn it back to you for the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar, J.P. Morgan. You may ask a question.
Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I had a question on your persistency in both the Japan and US businesses, obviously it declined a decent amount in the US. It seemed like it was lower in Japan also. What do you attribute this to? You mentioned the weak economy in the US, but what do you attribute the Japanese decline to? And if in fact you do expect a further decline, how does that impact your view of your growth rate longer term?
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss Cloninger. In Japan, I think Ken mentioned that we're experiencing slightly higher lapses due to some demographics that are going on in Japan. We have a high concentration of old business that is going through the typical retirement ages in Japan between attained ages 55 and 60 and we had an extraordinarily high amount of business start to impact in this last year, went up – the lapse rate went up about 0.5% last year and it continued to go up a little bit this year. We expect to stay at that elevated level throughout 2009 and then to gradually decline in 2010 and later. That doesn't have a really material impact on our Japanese growth rate longer term. So I don't – there is some impact of the economy on Japanese persistency but I don't think it is significant. I think the impact to the economy is much more significant in the US where we saw a more uniformly distributed increase in lapses across the entire spectrum of our business. Be it by issue age or product category and the like, we just had increases in lapses at all policy issue ages and the duration and categories of business. So that was more pervasive and related to the general economy.
Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan: And do you think this is a representative quarter in terms of the rest of the year or are you seeing – do you expect to see a further increase in lapses as the year goes on in the US?
Kriss Cloninger: Well you tell me what the economy is going to do and I will tell you what I expect. You know I think the first quarter was very bad from my perspective. I will tell you that Aflac's lapses tend to be higher in the first quarter than any other quarter for the year and the way we annualize quarterly number tends to magnify extremes. When you look at persistency measures in the second, third and fourth quarter, it is going to be cumulative, based on what's has happened so far. But the first quarter get to annualize based on the first quarter numbers. So you know it is really hard to tell whether the economic conditions are going to moderate or improve at all in the US for the next couple of quarters. So you it is not beyond belief that we would continue at this level for another couple of quarters in 2009.
Ken Janke: And again I want to remind you that when we discussed our outlook for 2009 and our modeling assumptions, we had assumed declines in persistency for both the US and Japanese segments.
Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz, Raymond James and Associates. You may ask your question.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Hi. Good morning everybody. Kind of related here, Dan, I think it was 295 million numbers that you put out there for perpetual GAAP impairments, it has been staying the same. Was that pre or post tax or the same – is there a tax offset there?
Dan Amos: That is after tax, Steve.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay. So the pretax would be 295 divided by 0.65?
Dan Amos: Right.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay. And is there still on a, Kriss, on a statutory basis, there is still tax credits to be had to offset any losses there?
Kriss Cloninger: Tax credits…
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: No, I'm not saying it right, but there is going to be a tax – some companies run out of the potential for tax options?
Dan Amos: We are not one of those.
Kriss Cloninger: No, we haven't. We – the gains that we recognized, that we have realized gains on for GAAP purposes, we generated those games to make sure that we covered unrealized tax credits that would expire within five years. We want to be sure we take advantage of those. We would like to match up realized gains with realized losses for tax purposes. Let we point out though Steven that for statutory purposes, that 146 million of realized gains, that is an after-tax number for GAAP and needs to be grossed out to the pretax number for stat. Those aren't allowed to be recognized in stat income or stat equity. You have to put those gains into the so-called interest maintenance reserve or the IMR for statutory. So that then increased statutory equity until they are amortized to income. But they would be utilized for tax purposes to offset realized losses, particularly things like the Icelandic banks when we generate the real tax losses, and Lehman Brothers and some of the others.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay great. That was my question.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath, Sanford Bernstein. You may ask your question.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Just a follow up on the 295 million equity impairment charge, what is the base of perpetuals that that applies to? And sort of related to that, what has been the trend since the end of the first quarter in terms of downgrades of perpetuals? I think you said 14% as of March was below investment grade, so maybe that is 1.2 billion? How significantly has that changed since March? Thanks.
Jerry Jeffery: It is Jeffrey speaking. Your first question was the 294 million, what base of, those reflect the below investment grade ratings that have been applied to the Lloyds Banking Group which includes HBAS and Bank of Scotland and it also includes Royal Bank of Scotland. And the assumption is that assuming the price and rating remains the same going forward for the balance of the year that we would impair these under the equity impairment model during the third and fourth quarters of 2009. I think your other question pertains to ratings actions. Since March 31, none of our securities have migrated to below investment grade since March 31 and I should say in the perpetual security sector.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine, Citigroup. You may ask your question.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. I have two. First, with respect to the lapse rates, I guess that the record lapse rates in both Japan and in particularly in the US, you mentioned that impacted earnings favorably, I was wondering if you could quantify that? And then if I could turn to the investment portfolio, Jerry, I guess I'm puzzled given Dan's commitment to maintaining the RBC, when we're looking at things like Lloyds which are going to impair, when do you begin to bring into question Aflac intent to hold to maturity and then specifically then why haven't you impaired it now? I'm just looking at how much these unrealized losses are up and also I guess on the Ford credit position and now the debt is being sold back at $0.38 on the dollar, how can you not impair that right now?
Kriss Cloninger: Let me talk first Colin – Kriss here, about quantifying the effect of persistency. Really in the US, it was pretty much an offset. We had – we measure offset by comparing say amortization versus plan and then total benefits versus plan and benefits were higher than planned by about – they were less than planned by about $24 million. And amortization was higher than planned by about $22 million. So…
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Do you mean DAC amortization versus the increase in future policy benefits because it is just going to be very helpful to be very specific here?
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. That is correct Colin. I thought I said that but anyway the amortization was 22 million higher than planned in the US. And the total incurred benefits, to be actually explicit, was $24 million less than planned. So we don't know that all of that was attributable to persistency, but the greatest part of it was in terms of the planned variants. So we said maybe there was a modest, there was a net $2 million benefit to the US earnings there which we consider immaterial. So we essentially said, it was either a modest benefit or it was neutral on US earnings. And then in Japan I think it was pretty neutral to, I don't have a plan variance numbers on my mind, but benefit were pretty much right on plan in Japan. Amortization was slightly higher in Japan at 4.1% of premium, but that was compared to 4.0% in the fourth quarter. So I didn't consider that a material change between the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. And these lapses are why we're seeing the slowest growth in premiums in force…
Kriss Cloninger: That is correct. Well that combined with basically flat sales. I mean sales increase, premiums in force, lapses decrease premium in force, and so you are right. Relatively flat sales and relatively higher lapses tend to lower the increases in premium in force.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay.
Jerry Jeffery: Colin, it is Jerry. Let me answer your question. First, let us start with your second part of your question which refers to Ford credit. And I think what you said was that you referred to Ford at $0.38 a dollars. I think you are referring to Ford company. We in fact did further impair Ford company to reflect that pricing in the first quarter. Turning to forward credit, as I'm sure you're aware of the new accounting guidance and we're early adopters of them, I'm sure you know, speaks to the fact that we are not held to any right line standard about time to recovery. We still firmly believe that forward credit will pay us in full and on time and that it will recover. So therefore under the accounting guidance we are mandated not to impair it and that has been a position and continues to be our position. Now I didn't really quite understand your question about the hybrids? Do you want to rephrase that maybe?
Colin Devine – Citigroup: I guess given the steep increase in unrealized losses, for the quarter, how are we not seeing more impairments? And specifically on the Lloyds piece, it is very unclear to me why you haven't impaired it this quarter?
Jerry Jeffery: Well, that's a good question. We impaired – we did impair Lloyds this quarter in fact under the equity impairment model. And the equity impairment model speaks to an amount of price decline and the time that the security has been below carrying value. Some of our Lloyds exposure was mandated to be impaired under the equity impairment model in the first quarter and we did so. Some of the other Lloyds and RBS exposure that we hold – by the way RBS we also impaired some of our holdings there in the first quarter…
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Can you be specific with the amounts?
Jerry Jeffery: Sure. The total amounts I believe were in the press release, were they not, Ken?
Ken Janke: 42 million.
Jerry Jeffery: $42 million, that was all Lloyds and RBS. And the amounts that were reported earlier on this call, 294 million, net of tax, also speaks to the same credit. All our other – in fact all of our perpetual securities continue to pay us in full. In fact, KBC Bank, and this should be public knowledge I think, redeemed their upper tier 2 securities that we hold on April 22. That was a 5 billion yen exposure. So again when we think that we're not going to get paid in full and on time, we will aggressively impair and/or sell any of those holdings.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. And the to 295 number that you provided, is just on the proposal preferreds, that doesn't include the other fixed maturity holdings in terms of projected losses there?
Jerry Jeffery: That is correct. I think that is correct.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Ken Janke: Those are – Colin, those are the below investment grade rated perpetuals that we account for impairments on those according to the equity method. The new accounting pronouncements basically verified that other than temporary impairments can be assessed with respect to credit expectations over the period in which you believe you will hold security and it is not price driven. In the past, the impairments were more price driven in terms of will the security recover in price within some period of time, and the auditors liked a one you period of time. And so we were really under the gun. And particularly given the long-term nature of our securities that we hold to match the longer duration nature of our liabilities. So we have always had long-duration securities to match our liabilities and we have always had an affinity or a tendency toward looking to the long-term rather than the short-term, because we don't we are not subjected to liquidity problems that some others have to have a shorter term view might be.
Jerry Jeffery: The one thing I would add is that we have held below investment grade securities through credit cycles before and we felt we would get paid for instance KLM and Ahold and in other cases where we became uncomfortable with the credit Lévi-Strauss we sold them.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Or Parmalat. But just did you say the 295 projected losses is just on the below investment grade perpetual preferreds?
Jerry Jeffery: Correct.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: So that then doesn't include Lloyds, because you have got that rated as an A?
Jerry Jeffery: Colin, once again let me answer that, that does include Lloyds. That does HBAS, and that does Royal Bank of Scotland and that does include Bank of Scotland.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: Okay. Well that this is just not what Kris said. So – all right.
Kriss Cloninger: Not what I said?
Colin Devine – Citigroup: You said 295 in below investment grade, and you have got Lloyds rated investment grade and unless I can't read page 13 here which says it is rated A. I'm just trying to clarify what the likely realized losses number is for the year that you're projecting.
Kriss Cloninger: Wait, just to be clear, we rate Lloyds internally as below investment grade. And therefore, they are part of our projected impairments for the year.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: But maybe what you could put in this will be helpful is your ratings, what you think you have is below investment grade, and what is on the stats up…
Kriss Cloninger: I think Colin we also own some senior debt of Lloyds which is rated A.
Dan Amos: Well Colin what I would point you to is page 15 of the supplement which shows Lloyds is the first below investment grade holding.
Colin Devine – Citigroup: I am just trying to reconcile between page 13 and page 15, Ken.
Ken Janke: Susan, do we have another question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman, UBS. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Yes. Good morning. Quickly just on the sales, you had upgraded to the newer cancer insurance product, how much would sales be down in lieu of that 0.6%?
Dan Amos: I don't know how to answer that.
Kriss Cloninger: I couldn't tell you that Andrew.
Dan Amos: I just can tell you Andrew that we expect to make the sales number for the year I think the bank channel is what driving it more so than the upgrade of that and we hope to have another new policy approved and ready to go in the end of the second quarter. But I can't go into the details of that because we haven't gotten the FSA approval.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Got it.
Ken Janke: Andrew, let me comment real briefly on the upgrade policy. Now this is a regular activity for us to upgrade our customers and when we come out with something new. We did it before with the product called a Rider Pack. There are about 13.6 million cancer policyholders in Japan that are eligible for an upgrade to the levels of Cancer Forte and we only have a little less than 400,000 of the upgrade policies in force. So this is a campaign that will likely continue for some time and continue to influence the cancer sales category.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Got it. Ken, I mean just in my view though, it might make sales look – new sales look significantly better than they actually would be just given that these are people that are existing and it is renewal business, but I understand your point. Now, the other thing is just following on from what Colin had been talking about, I'm quite perplexed myself, and let me just give a little backdrop and see if you could help me. It is my understanding that a number of hybrids were downgraded in 1Q 2009 particularly by the Standard & Poor's. However, in your supplement, only three perpetual issuers, Lloyd, RBS and (inaudible) show up in the below investment grade holdings listed on page 15. So I'm looking at be 8.4 billion in perpetuals. And my first question is how much of this exposure is split rated, and of these split rated securities, what portion is classified as investment grade? And then lastly if there is a fair amount of that, you know, when you decide it is investment grade or below investment grade? What is going into this decision-making, because I see a number of names that you hold that S&P has downgraded to BB range and those still appear to be investment grade with Aflac?
Ken Janke: The answer to that question is there are approximately booked value about just looking at the numbers here, somewhere – I have to get back to you on the precise numbers, but the precise number will fall between 1.5 billion and 2 billion in book value that are split rated. When we look at split rated securities, we do a case-by-case credit analysis, and it is a determination of our credit group as to whether or not to impair these securities. In fact, when we look at and we use a debt impairment analysis for all these. In other words, our debt impairment policy is, will we continue to receive our interest and principal, in full and on time? And in every case, we have determined that we will. And by the way, that includes Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland who continue to pay and continue to honor all coupons. So where these securities are split rated to have a majority of ratings below investment grade, so if there are three ratings, and two of them go below investment grade, than we really are mandated whether or not we believe them to be money good, we will then mandatorily impair them.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: So just S&P did it, that may not be…
Ken Janke: Not necessarily a precondition to our impairing. It may be, depending on what our credit view is.
Dan Amos: But again remember when he is talking about impairments, he is talking about under the equity impairment method which is simply an analysis of an aging of unrealized losses and has no bearing whatsoever on the issuers ability to satisfy the obligation.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: And Ken did the adoption this quarter of FAS 115-2 and 157-4, did that have any benefit to not having to take impairments and is – I know you mentioned immaterial in the release but how much benefit might that have provided?
Ken Janke: Well we are convinced that the changes to 115 support the view that we have held for many years and that is when you have the ability and tend to hold the securities to maturity, meaning they haven't the probability of recovery in value and that the cash flow testing and credit analysis suggests that the issuer will meet its contractual obligations for interest and principal on a timely basis, then regardless of what happens to the price in the short term, OTTI isn't warranted.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: So you're view really didn't change with that?
Ken Janke: Our view did not change. The accounting view supports our view and our long-held view.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Got it. And then just lastly, my estimate on the perpetual portfolio is that you have kind of on an unrealized basis marked it to $0.65, $0.70 on the dollar on average, does that sound right to you?
Ken Janke: I would have to look at it on upper tier 2 versus tier 1. But I think combined the perpetuals were about $0.74 on the dollar at the end of March.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: I mean the one thing I mean a lot of the securities are trading way below $0.50 and I would just on where they are trading, the average is so much lower. I mean is there a fair amount of discretion being used?
Ken Janke: I don't think it is discretion. But I'm not sure you are pricing the very securities that we own. We get a lot of comments that the securities, perpetual securities have much lower marks than we are carrying, while I would suggest that they are probably not looking to comparable securities to what we own which are long dated, privately issued, yen denominated securities that have been swapped by the issuer back into their local currency.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: All right.
Dan Amos: There is an embedded value in the currency swap that really doesn't show up on the publicly traded perpetual securities people tend to look at.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Darin Arita, Deutsche Bank, your line is open. Please ask your question.
Darin Arita – Deutsche Bank: 
Thank you. With respect to the perpetual securities, at the start of the year, could you talk about what changes you have made to monitor these exposures and proactive measures you have taken or are thinking about taking to mitigate potential losses?:
Ken Janke: Hi, Darin. I am not sure we have made any specific changes to how we are monitoring them. I would say that you have to understand our investment style which is we do tend to have bespoke issuance offered to us and in so doing and structuring these deals, we develop pretty close relationships with a lot of these issuers. Therefore, our credit analyst here and in Japan are in constant contact with the treasurers of a lot of these financial institutions and really probably all of them sit on at least once a week talking to guys depending on the institutions, maybe more frequent than that. We visit them and recently visited – our credit analyst here recently did a visit of several banks in Europe, attended conferences in Europe. But those are ongoing activities that we have always done and nothing has changed there. To your question about mitigating potential losses, it is still our contention that these securities offer value. We have obviously been shown a number of tender opportunities from banks and at this point although we will evaluate them on a case by case basis, we've turned them all down because the banks were taking are, A, liquid enough to be able to tender for these bonds. And B, we view as a tremendous arbitrage opportunity for them that is improving their balance sheet. So we want to be investors in a bank whose balance sheet is getting improved.
Darin Arita – Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Randy Binner, FBR Capital Markets, your line is open, please ask your question.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thank you. A couple of quick ones on RBC, with the RBC neutral loan that came up to the parent, the 450 million, was that something that needed to be requested from the regulator?
Ken Janke: Actually, it was a $500 million loan to assist us in retiring the 450 million of senior notes. So that is provided for under the Nebraska statute as a permitted practice and then it was subsequently received approval by the Nebraska Commissioner so that it could be treated as an admitted asset. But it was in the normal course of business and the 500 million amount of the loan was significantly less than the amount permitted under the statue which would have been an excess of $1 billion.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Do you have any color on how the rating agencies may view that?
Ken Janke: Well, we were affirmed – our rating was affirmed and taken off negative credit watch by Standard & Poor's subsequent to the time we did that and we fully discussed the process we would use to extinguish the senior debt with S&P during our review. So I can only infer that they didn't have any problem with it.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: I guess just more technically when we are trying to forecast RBC, that is what I am thinking about from a– if the rating agency shared the same view as the regulator?
Ken Janke: I think you can assume they would.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And just one last thing, Dan's comment, was that RBC target, was that 375?
Ken Janke: That is not our target per se. That is kind of a – well, I don't know if it is –
Dan Amos: It is the middle of…
Ken Janke: Yes. It is kind of – where we start valuating everything we are doing in a much was studious manner.
Kriss Cloninger: Right. I think it is fair to say that our target is higher than that more in terms of – that is kind of the threshold at which we start to be concerned about you know the impact on the ratings and things like that. It is just kind of our comfort zone, though it is way in excess of where the regulators would get concerned.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. But in the context of the compensation package, would it – if it was 374 at the end of 2009, would that impact the discretionary compensation?
Dan Amos: Yes.
Ken Janke: The compensation would be less than targeted, 374, yes.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Perfect, thank you very much.
Operator: Ed Spehar, Merrill Lynch, you may ask your question. Mr. Spehar, check your mute button please. Ed Spehar, your line is open. I will go to the next question. Jeff Schuman, KBW, your line is open, please ask your question.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: Good morning. A couple of quick ones. First of all, in the US, how many sales days are there in the second quarter and how should that shade our expectations for sales production? Secondly what are new investment cash flows going into US and Japan? And lastly for than given that without share repurchases you are headed more towards 13% EPS growth rather than your personal goal of 15%, is there any contemplation of any other possible levers of adjustments that could be used to get your back towards your personal 15% target?
Dan Amos: I will answer the first one, this is Dan. I'm certainly disappointed to even think that ball was in the bag because I think we would be doing the share repurchase. I never say never because we have got things can change tomorrow, capital can continue to improve, and we would just have to watch it accordingly. But I would think it behooves us to pay much more attention to the capital position than the EPS and so at this particular point I'm giving up something personally I wanted to achieve to ultimately protect our shareholders and to make the analysts feel more comfortable. And that is really all it is about. It is really not about the 20 years, it is really about making our share value go back up and that is what I'm trying to do.
Ken Janke: Paul, you want to take the one about the production days?
Paul Amos: Absolutely. The second quarter is a difficult comp for a couple of reasons. One we do lose a day, one of the day that we mentioned before was the movement of the Good Friday holiday back and forth depending on when the calendar is. Obviously the second quarter of last year were our largest comparables of any the quarter as well as the majority of things that we just rolled out with our new wingspan initiative around products, marketing, as well as sales techniques, have all been rolled out in the last week. The product rollout will continue to happen through the remainder of this quarter, really take full effect in the third quarter. So I expect the second half of the year hopefully to show stronger promise than the first half and second quarter continuing to be a difficult comparison.
Ken Janke: Were those all your questions?
Dan Amos: There was a question for you that came here while we're on.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: The question for Jerry which is where investment cash flows are being directed now in US and Japan?
Jerry Jeffery: Okay. We expect cash flow for investments in Japan in yen to be approximately 450 billion yen this year. That is very similar to the amount that we had targeted for investments last year. In the US, the cash flow is de minimus for a couple of reasons. It has been – there are some policies that were written in the 90s that required payouts, and last year and this year, I think, are the big payout years. So that is redirected that cash flow. So it is difficult to project the US cash flow, but it'll be a very minimal number.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: No – but I mean what are you buying…
Jerry Jeffery: Different question. We are – in Japan, our purchases have really centered around purchases of A, we have done some very attractive opportunities in sovereign and state guaranteed debt, not US state guaranteed, these are foreign states. And we have also found some great opportunities in the central services, really globally, and by central services, I'm referring to water and power provider, transmission companies, companies that we view as essential to the infrastructure of countries. We haven't made any bank investments in the first quarter of 2009, have no immediate plans to increase our exposure, which is already at a pretty lofty level. In the US, since cash flow is quite minimal, the investments there has basically been as a result of bonds swaps and again the strategy is the same.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: Great, thank you very much.
Ken Janke: Susan, my watch is telling me we are at the top of the hour and that is the terminating point for the call. I hope we were able to answer everyone's questions. If there were some that were still in the queue, I apologize we didn't get to you. I hope that you will take the time today to call either Robin Wilkey or myself and we would be happy to discuss the quarter with you and any questions you might have. Again, thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth S. Janke – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Daniel P. Amos – Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Kriss Cloninger III – President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Director William Jeremy Jeffery – Senior Vice President, Investments & Chief Investment Officer Mary Chapman – Vice President of Investments Tohru Tonoike – President & Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan Paul S. Amos II – President, Aflac; Chief Operating Officer, Aflac U.S.
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley John Nadel – Sterne, Agee Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein Mark Hughes – SunTrust Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates. Colin Devine – Devine Eric Berg – Barclays Capital Ed Spehar – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group
Operator: Hello and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call. All line will be in listen-only until the question-and-answer portion. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. I’d like to introduce your host Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Thank you, Audra. Good morning everybody. We are glad you could join us today. I’d like to start with just introductions of those that are joining me in the room this morning beginning with Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac U.S.; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer is also here, as is Mary Chapman, Vice President of Investments. Mary leads our Global Credit team. We are also joined from Tokyo by Tohru Tonoike, who is President and COO of Aflac Japan. Let me remind you that some of the statements we make this morning may be forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws and although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give you no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. The actual results in the future could differ materially from those we discuss today. So, I would encourage you to look at our most recent quarterly press release for some of the various risk factors that could impact our results. Now, I’d like to turn the program over to Dan, who has some brief comments on our perpetual debenture portfolio. And then we will be happy to take your questions.
Daniel P. Amos: All right. Thanks Ken and good morning and thank you for joining us. As you can imagine, we have received a tremendous amount of calls in the last week following the sharp decline in our stock price. All of those calls in one way or another related to the ownership of perpetual debentures or hybrid securities and our capital position. We will still be conducting our regularly scheduled web presentation this evening. However, we thought it would be a good idea to talk about the hybrid holdings in more detail this morning since there seems to be a lot of confusion in that area. Then we'll be happy to take your questions. Let me begin with a couple of comments on our investment portfolio. I want to reiterate, what I've said previously. Overall, I am pleased with the quality of our assets and with good reason despite global credit downgrades over the last few months the credit profile of our holding is still very strong. More than 98% of our fixed maturities and perpetual debentures were investment grade at year-end. I know you realize that you can't run a company in hindsight, but if you could other than avoiding a few specific securities, I would not alter our overall investment approach. The reason is straightforward. We purchase securities that best match the characteristics of our policy liabilities. That is especially true with our Japanese operation. For more than 15 years, our greatest challenge has been investing huge cash flows in appropriate securities. We need to buy long-duration, yen-denominated investment grade securities to fund our long-duration, yen-denominated policy liabilities. With that background I'd like to make specific comments on the perpetual debentures holdings. At the end of December, we owned a total of 9.1 billion in perpetual debentures at an amortized cost. Of that amount 6.5 billion or 72%, were upper Tier II securities. Upper Tier II securities are more debt like than Tier I and are senior to Tier I securities, preferred shares and common equity. Tier I securities amounted to 2.6 billion at amortized cost at the year-end, have more equity characteristics, but are still senior to common equity. They are generally senior to preferred shares as well, but that depends on individual security, the insurers capital structure and the regulatory jurisdiction of the insurer. It's very important for you to differentiate between upper Tier II and Tier I securities. They are not the same and they carry different risks. Most of the hybrids we own are yen- denominated and long-dated instruments that we purchased to support Aflac Japan's policy liabilities. At the end of the year, the unrealized loss on our perpetual debentures was $1 billion, compared to loss of $475 million at the end of September. About $760 million of that loss is at the end of December is attributable to the Tier I instruments. However, the stronger yen also contributed to the unrealized losses on the hybrid holdings. Since the end of the year, pricing is lower for hybrids. However, upper Tier II securities have declined less than Tier I securities. Again, this illustrates why it's important to differentiate between the two categories since this is exactly what the market is doing. I should also note that in the last week pricing has actually improved somewhat for Tier I instruments. On a GAAP basis, we hold the perpetual debentures in available-for-sale category. That means they are carried on the balance sheet at fair value and unrealized gains or losses are reflected in the equity. For statutory accounting purposes, these perpetual debentures are carried at amortized costs. As such, the changes in fair value of the hybrid securities are not included in, and therefore do not impact the risk-based capital ratio. Furthermore, many of you have asked what impairments we might have to take due to the current pricing of hybrid securities. As we mentioned in our press release, we issued recently, we are using a debt impairment model for GAAP purposes. Our debt impairment approach is primarily based on a assessment of whether it is highly probably, we received timely payments of interest and principle. Under the FASB determines whether a debt or an equity impairment approach is mostly appropriate for hybrid instruments. We will continue to evaluate them using a debt impairment model. For statutory accounting purposes, we will continue to evaluate our perpetual debenture holdings using the debt impairment approach and we do not anticipate that approach changing. The credit profile of our perpetual debenture portfolio remains high, in fact more than 92% were rated A or higher at year end. As a result this portfolio is not creating a disproportionately high regulatory capital charge, compared with the rest of the portfolio. With the exception of the Icelandic Banks, which we announced in the third quarter and wrote down to zero in the fourth quarter, all of our perpetual debentures are current on interest payments. Only two of the insurers are rated as below investment grade and they're both current on meeting their obligations. Further, we have no reason to believe that the perpetual debentures will not be redeemed at their effective maturity date. It's noteworthy, that we have three hybrids redeemed in the fourth quarter of last year. We have only $306 million in perpetuals scheduled for redemption in 2009 and a $110 million in 2010. So, we do not believe there is a significant extension risk in the short term. It's clear that the heightened level of concern of the asset class relates to the recent developments at European banks specifically realize that investors are worried about the possibility that some banks may be nationalized as a result that certain securities may no longer be honored. I am not going to get into the business of trying to handicap which government, if any might nationalize which bank. But I want to make a couple of points. First, nationalization is not a preferred solution for rescuing bank. Instead, it's basically a course of last resort. Second, based on the media reports it seems to risk of nationalization at least in the U.K. is subsided a bit. Further, three nationalizations have occurred to-date; The Irish Bank nationalized Anglo Irish Bank. The British government nationalized Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley. In each instance, the governments are standing behind the classes of perpetual debentures that we own for those banks, who issued them. I realize there is no guarantee that other banks won’t be nationalized, though there is any guarantee that future nationalizations will result in governments backing their securities we own. However, there are favorable precedents, just the same. Along those lines, our investments departments have undertaken a thorough have analysis of what we believe is a very pessimistic scenario of potential bank nationalization. This stress testing was conducted after discussions with the rating agencies, investment banks and issuing banks themselves. Specifically, we reviewed all the bank average to determine what might happen if they were all nationalized, if nationalization precedent I referred to earlier those securities that had voting rights were more equity like and we are not honored. If we had to write-off all of the hybrids that we have actual voting rights under the nationalization scenario, we estimate that they incurred a pre-tax impairment charge of only $100 million. If we take a much more conservative view and dramatically expand the definition of voting rights, the number only increases to approximately $400 million before taxes. Given our strong capital position currently and our ability to generate statutory capital, we do not believe this unlikely scenario poses significant risk to Aflac. During 2008, we earned $1.9 billion in operating earnings. However, we realized after-tax investment losses of $655 million. The vast majority, which occurred in the third and fourth quarter, those losses brought our net income down to 1.3 billion. As we discussed most of our losses were attributable to the sale of Lehman Brothers, the impairment of Icelandic Banks and Ford Motor Company. You will recall, we impaired some of the perpetual debentures retrospectively using an equity impairment model in the third quarter. We also impaired some of CDO holdings in the fourth quarter. The impairment of those CDOs was based on our analysis that suggested there was a greater likelihood, that we would not receive full interest and principles on those CDOs. As such, we wrote them down to fair value in the quarter. However, I’d like to point out that with the exception of the CDOs that were ranged by Lehman Brothers, which are currently being unwound, all the CDOs are current on interest payments. Although, I am not happy with incurring $655 million of realized losses for the year, I am pleased that we are strong enough to absorb those losses during these tough economic times. Finally, I want to comment once again on our capital position. As we mentioned in the last nights press release, we expect our year-end risk-based capital to exceed 450% that would equate to excess capital of approximately $600 million to 1.1 billion using minimum RBC ratios of 400 and 350 respectively. For 2009, we expect another strong year of capital generation. We currently estimate that our statutory earnings will be $1.9 billion assuming the year-end 2008 exchange rate. Assuming that we only dividend to the parent company amounts needed to fund the shareholder dividend and corporate cash expenses, we would expect statutory capital to exceed $5.5 billion at the end of 2009. We continue to believe our strong capital position will enable us to weather these turbulent and challenging times. Ken?
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Thank you, Dan. Before we take your questions. Let me just mention a couple more facts about perpetual debentures that we've been asked over the course of last several days and last nights. Specifically, we own 38 different entities in the perpetual debenture area. They are spread among 15 countries, 65% are in Europe, 20% are related to United Kingdom, a 11% in Japan and the remainder in Australia. As you know, the stronger yen magnified all the amounts on our balance sheet including the book value, the fair value, and the unrealized gains or losses in the portfolio, and that was also true with the perpetuals. In fact, about a $100 million of the increase in the unrealized loss was attributable to the change in the currency. As you heard these typically are very long dated instruments, 62% of our perpetual debentures mature after 2019, 96% of those in the perpetual area are yen denominated, and we've also been asked about whether any of these securities have a provision for cumulative coupons or not. All of upper Tier II securities are cumulative and none of the Tier I perpetuals are cumulative. So, that's just a brief recap of some of the facts related to the portfolio. We'd be happy to take your questions now. We've got plenty of time, so please limit your questions to one. So, everyone has a chance to ask a question. And with that Audra, we'll turn it back to you and you can start the process.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. I have a question on the FASB classification of the hybrid securities. Do you have a sense of the timing on when the FASB could announce decision? And then, if they do, in fact, ask companies who classify them as equities, obviously on a GAAP basis you'd impair them, but how would that impact statutory accounting. Do you think that the NAIC would file a suit if that happen?
Kriss Cloninger III: At present, Kriss Cloninger here. At present we doubt that the FASB is going to make a pronouncement probably until, second quarter or later. We have no indication to believe that it's going to be any sooner than that. So, we're waiting, along with others and we hope we get our chance to comment, because, if and when we do we'll make the case that we've made before, for the last 15 years, which is we believe that our hybrids are more debt-security oriented and we created them that way for 15 years because they are traded like debt, the interest is deductible like debt et cetera, et cetera and they have more debt like characteristics than equity-like characteristics. Not only that, but we view these hybrids as an excellent match to our unit liabilities in Japan. We have the ability and intent to hold them to maturity if we find that to be appropriate. So, we just don't expect any change in that status before the second part of 2009. If the FASB does pronounce that equity impairment model is necessary for hybrid accounting then we'll have to follow that, obviously. At present though, we do not believe that will carry over into statutory accounting, because that's controlled by the NAIC and the standard valuation office and they went through an extensive vetting process over the last several years to conclude that these securities are debt in nature and should be accounted for as debt in the statutory financial statements so we don't anticipate any change in statutory.
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you, good morning. With respect to the impact of the yen on your capital ratios we are now at 89 and there are certain investors that expect it to strengthen further, potentially down to 80. If we did continue to see yen strengthening can you comment on what action would to take? Does hedging or shifting some of your capital into yen denominated assets make sense at some stage to eliminate or at least reduce the vulnerability of your RBC ratios to the yen?
Kriss Cloninger III: Well, we have done some stress testing regarding what happens if the yen proceeds continues to strengthen to the neighborhood of 80. We've determined that if the yen had been at 80 at year-end ’08. We believe our risk-based capital ratio is still would have exceeded 400%. We expect the actual to be in excess of 450, we probably would have lost another 50 points going from 91 to 80 some like that. I will say that, we never have done the currency hedging so to speak, a great deal, but we would, we have had a tendency toward favoring an increase in our yen-denominated capital, though I don't think you would see any sudden moves to make that happen. That would just come about more over time.
Nigel Dally – Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. You may ask your question.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Just a quick question on OTTI from the fourth quarter, I am not sure if you guys mentioned whether the impairments that you took in the quarter were similar on both a GAAP and statutory basis?
Kriss Cloninger III: Yes. The OTTI impairments related to the CDO securities. And those would impact stat and GAAP similarly.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. And then, the only other question I had for you is just the, real quick, the new money yield in the U.S. in the fourth quarter was extremely high over 9%. Can you give us a sense for just how much money you put to work and what kind of assets you are buying?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Sure. This is Jerry Jeffery. We have put approximately a $120 million to work. So, it's a very small statistical sample and all of the securities we purchased were investment grade A or better, primarily corporate bonds.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Corporates, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Tom Gallagher
Kriss Cloninger III: Let me amplify one thing that actually the Iceland banks were also classified as an OTTI even though we had announced those would have been written down in the fourth quarter, we announced that, at the end of third so I just don’t see those, sorry.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. And Kriss similar those impacted stat and GAAP the same?
Kriss Cloninger III: Yes, that's correct.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Thank you.
Kriss Cloninger III: Okay.
Operator: Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Thanks Dan. I guess you have been flagged here by some of the rating agencies is having above average single-issuer concentration risk, just curious if that's something you're planning on changing? And on a related topic, with S&P having downgraded one notch and giving some parameters on what might lead to further downgrade, do you see it as a problem if you get downgraded below AA as it relates specifically to the Japanese business? And then just one other quick question on the numbers on the fair value versus amortized cost of the hybrids, $8 billion versus $9.1 billion would I guess give us an $0.88 mark, do we need to make a further adjustment to the yen appreciation to get more of an apples-to-apples mark on that? Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos: Okay. Let me go back, lets see the first question was…
Kriss Cloninger III: Investment concentration.
Daniel P. Amos: Okay I will let Jerry handle that, but we did invest much heavier 85% was outside the financial sector. So, Jerry go ahead and talk about that.
William Jeremy Jeffery: Yes, let me speak to the concentration issues you mentioned. It has been our commitment to reduce the size of the purchases we make and that we've got some pretty firm guidelines that have been in place for a couple of years. We do have some legacy large positions, but overtime they will be reduced and obviously anything that falls within our top 30 exposures, we are scrutinizing intensely. But we are very comfortable with all those. But going forward, we got two commitments. One, is to reduce the size of the average purchase and the other is to diversify and do as many industry groups as we can. Luckily, the market is reporting us that is affording us that opportunity right now. We are seeing a more diversified number of opportunities than I think we ever have. I would say, that it is unlikely given our duration needs that we will be reducing our purchase size as to the $5 to $10 million level on average, because the Japanese credit market is really not developed beyond five years. So, in order for us to achieve our duration needs, we need to buy long-dated security and those are typically private. As a result, when we are purchasing these products, there is tend to be larger sizes then what you would typically expect from others. One, other thing, I would mention about our largest exposures, we did have in the fourth quarter Toko Fuji, which is one of our largest exposures, repurchased from us 28% of our exposure to them. And it was done on their initiative not ours. They approached us, we have a very good relationship with them. And they approached us and….
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Did they…
William Jeremy Jeffery: Sorry.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Sorry. Did they retire that debt or did they…
William Jeremy Jeffery: Yeah, they did retire the debt. Yes, they retired it.
Daniel P. Amos: Retired it.
William Jeremy Jeffery: They were interested in. It was $0.99 on the dollar.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay.
William Jeremy Jeffery: And they we are insisting on that for accounting purposes. They were trying to retire some of their higher-coupon debt.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Got it. And, Dan, any comments on the ratings front?
Daniel P. Amos: Well, right now, we've got the top insurance companies in Japan, we're within that framework of where they are. Most of them, as you know, are A or AA-, I believe, and we want to do everything we can to hold our rating as high as we can. But we can certainly handle the AA- with no problem, and we could even handle the A if we need to. And so we top that through, and we feel comfortable with that, but that's not, of course, what we want. But in this environment we just have to continue to work through it and see what happens.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay, and Dan just.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Sorry, just one quick follow up on that.
Daniel P. Amos: All right.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: So, the plan here would be that, if in fact S&P did carry through and you had that kind of loss estimate, the plan would be not to raise capital to preserve the rating, but rather to go forward with the current plan?
Daniel P. Amos: I think that's very right, yes, we've talked with all the rating agencies since we were downgraded by one that we didn't talk to, apparently in response to the precipitous decline in our stock price that one day, and we've discussed this with all the rating agencies regarding our security concentrations. That really became a point on discussion after the Parmalat fraud occurred, and at that point we took a hard look at our investment concentrations. We concluded at that time that we were satisfied that those holdings would be money good and that's proven to be the case over the last five years. We did take steps at that time to reduce and this was pre-Jerry Jeffery time. So, he didn't need to speak to it rather, but we did take steps to reduce our new issuance purchase size. Presently, we're observing a discipline in the neighborhood of 5% of total adjusted capital for any new concentration. And the like, so we've made gradual moves in that regard. But the fact of the matter is, we've benefited over time from having fairly large concentrations, because of favorable terms we've been able to negotiate in the securities we've acquired and, in fact, those conditions benefited us in a number of circumstances. So, we're managing to reduce risk, I will say that, over time and so we are observing risk management principles and managing our investment portfolio, but we're generally comfortable with our holdings, including our hybrid holdings at the moment.
Kriss Cloninger III: And from, but I'm mainly talking about from a sales perspective of dealing with our agents and in the U.S. I guess the thing that most, our agents ask about is AM Best and AM Best confirmed there are financial ratings last week. So, we got that as well.
Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks
Operator: Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Hi thanks. Could you please review the redemptions you laid out for hybrids in '09 and '10 and also do you have any update on I believe H Boss announced that they were going to do a redemption in late January, earlier February, and if you have color on H Boss, how much that was for?
Kriss Cloninger III: The redemptions in '09 were $306 million, and a $110 million scheduled for 2010. As Dan mentioned 62% of our hybrids are scheduled for redemption further than 10 years from now. And really the lion's share out closer to 20 to 30 year. Sorry, 20 and 25 years, I suspect.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Kriss Cloninger III: What was, you were talking about H Boss, I am going to let Mary Chapman, who is our Global Credit Chief comment on H Boss, but they did, you're correct they did announce a redemption of their hybrid securities.
Mary Chapman: We've benefited from several redemptions at the end of '08 and into '09, H Boss I think was responding to the situation in the U.K. where there were some confusion regarding the absorption part or the transfer of the preference share by the U.K. government into common shares. And H Boss wants to refuse that by announcing the redemption they have the ability and strength to do that and so they were going ahead and doing that. We've also participated in the change in the consolidation of the H Boss and Lloyds instruments, and that has gone forward as expected.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: I am sorry, so just to be clear so is that redemption going to occur and can you disclose how much of the H Boss exposure that dealt was?
Mary Chapman: We're not actually.
Daniel P. Amos: We're not exposed to that issue.
Mary Chapman: Right, and we're not actually talking on.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Mary Chapman: On specific securities, but let me also comment that H Boss also experienced an upgrade.
Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Kriss Cloninger III: Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos: I would point out that to-date we have not yet had a hybrid security that has not been redeemed at the first redemption date, including three which occurred in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Suneet Kamath with Sanford Bernstein, You may ask your question.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. One quick follow-up to one of Tom's questions about the 88% mark. Can you just talk about where you're getting the fair value for those hybrids, because it seems like something, I have read in the press, things have sold off quite a bit, so where are you getting those prices? And then secondly, could you just put a little bit more detail around those loss expectations that you gave, Dan? I think you said a $100 million under one scenario pretax and then $400 million under another scenario. Can you just talk a little bit more about how you arrived at those numbers?
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, I am going to let Jerry go into detail. Jerry?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Yeah. Let me comment first on the pricing. For the vast majority of our hybrid securities and for most of our debt securities, in fact, that are in our yen portfolio we use model pricing. Now, that model pricing takes inputs from a number of broker-dealers, every pricing period. And we then apply those inputs in generating prices for the securities. We also check the validity of those prices by consulting with LehmanLive, we also look at JPMorgan's Global Index, and the final piece of the puzzle is we're able to, and you're able to, as well, to source the trace pricing fee that's found on Bloomberg. So, you can actually get live pricing to validate all these. Let me kind of fast forward because I guess the question that a lot of people are asking is, what has happened to our portfolio year-to-date in the perpetual debenture area. The answer is, on an overall basis when you look at both upper Tier II and Tier I securities in our yen portfolio. They are down approximately 9% year-to-date. I know the press has written a number of, sort of hysterical articles about pricing, but I can tell you we're looking at live prices and in fact there are a number of very specific price points and institutional trades that we are seeing in the securities that are being written up in the press, and I can tell you the press reports are highly exaggerated. Let me turn now to what you were talking about, which is the worst-case scenario that you mentioned. The stress analysis we ran was we assumed that every single bank that we own gets nationalized, which is a highly unrealistic scenario. But, if it were to happen we then looked at nationalizations that have occurred and we look at which securities have been honored and which securities have not been honored in those nationalizations. There is a one consistent pattern in those nationalizations, and that is that securities with equity characteristics, specifically shareholder rights among other things are securities that have not been honored or have not been assigned value by the nationalizing governments. And we then looked at our securities and said, okay, which ones would have shareholder rights in such scenario, and the number was only $100 million. There are other types of voting rights that some of our securities have I would not characterize my shareholders rights, but even if we do include those in the mix the number only grows to $400 million. And again remember that's every bank can nationalized.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. Just to confirm those are all pre-tax numbers?
William Jeremy Jeffery: They are pre-tax numbers, that's correct.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much.
Operator: Mark Hughes with SunTrust, you may ask your question.
Mark Huges – SunTrust: Thank you very much. With respect to operations, could you just talk about the new sales environment, your degree of confidence that the outlook you've got for 0% to 5% growth that that's achievable for '09?
Daniel P. Amos: Yes I will talk about a little bit about Japan and Tohru you may want to jump in and then maybe Paul can talk a little bit about the U.S. I think that 0% to 5% in Japan is a reasonable target what is we know when a difficult environment in both the U.S. and Japan and made no doubt it, our bonuses are tied to us making these numbers. So, when we put out a number of number of 0% to 5% ahead analysts ask well, gosh, aren't you being too optimistic, shouldn't you actually have negative numbers in this environment, because so many companies are. My answer is I believe that it is a reasonable thing for us to at least be flat to up and we have some positive things going on that we can talk about. Now talking about Japan, the two obvious things that come to mind is first, the banks. We really didn't get started with the banks to any great degree until the third quarter. It was building, we've wrote some in the first quarter and then we doubled that small amount, and then we, I think, tripled it again in the third quarter. And then, of course, as you know, in the fourth quarter, because of the financial crisis all the banks kind of stopped selling and had to go back. And call on their existing customers because of the annuities and the other products that they were selling for other insurance companies, so it affected us in the fourth quarter. Saying that, I think now from that standpoint of the, there being a little bit better opportunity for us to go forward and the comparables for the first quarter, it should begin to improve. The first quarter, I think was our biggest increase in Japan last year I think we were up 5%. The second quarter was our easiest, will be our easiest comparison. So, we'll have to see. And then in addition to that, you've got the bank channel. We're still, I'm sorry, the post. We're still in the test for the post. It did a little bit better than we thought it would do. It has not been rolled out, we only did it to, what, 300 banks, but the possibility of taking it to more post offices than 300 is certainly an opportunity for us. We know that there is some balance that when we have higher enrollment from these new distribution channel, it does affect our existing distribution channels a small amount. But all in all, I think that the zero to five is a reasonable target, but it is not an easy target, but it is a reasonable one, and as I said our bonuses are tied to it. So, if we had negative sales, that portion of our bonus, we make nothing on. Tohru, you have any comments you would like to add to that.
Tohru Tonoike: Yes. In addition to what Dan has just described, I would rather point out that, besides the bank channel, our traditional distribution channel of agents, we have been working to make it more effective by organizing our own, organization and giving the differentiated treatment for the, according to the stages of our agents. So, it is, we expect that it will take time that the effect of those organization takes place, but that is, we hope that that will say improve our productivity particularly the rate of the year. So, all in all, I think 0% to 5% is a very achievable target. Even though, that all of our general economic condition gives us some challenge.
Daniel P. Amos: And I personally called on 13 of the 20 largest banks in January, met with the post office, met with the head of the Shinkin organization, which is the banks that have been producing the most for us. So, I am encouraged with the banks especially. So, I can answer that first and then of course the post office, I was encouraged by our meetings with them as well. Turning to the, does that answer your question about Japan.
Mark Huges – SunTrust: It does thank you. And the U.S?
Daniel P. Amos: And the U.S Paul.
Paul S. Amos II: Despite a difficult environment I think we have a lot of very positive things going on. I want to address the traditional kind of, looking at the business as well as looking at the consumer themselves. From a business standpoint, the fact the matter is that major medical continues to offer less benefits, putting more and more pressure and price on the business to cut costs and at the same time offer their employees benefits that will round out what they need to support their lives. As those costs go down and they continue to take more and more out of the coverages there the need for our products goes in, we have seen that throughout the last year and continuing into this year with strong account growth. Also while we are seeing strong account growth, we have continued to see some deterioration of the number of people purchasing within an account, but we have seen that the people who are purchasing are purchasing more. I believe that we've got a couple of things that would really benefit us this year. Number one is, we have three products; two product provisions, as well as one product new line. We didn't have a single revision or new product in 2008 and we know that was generally a strong driver of our sales activity. And then layered on top of everything that we're doing within our core business we've got some strong strategies, some of which I'll elaborate on in our Financial Analysts Briefing in May, about particularly the broker project. We know that 50% of all American employees work for the top 1% of businesses and as we target the broker market, and specifically the large case market, we believe it gives us an additional opportunity to layer on our traditional business and be able to hit within the target of 0 to 5.
Mark Huges – SunTrust: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates. You may ask your question.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Hi good morning. Jerry, I want to follow-up on the statement about the loss of the $100 million and the $400 million and I think involved with that was a statement that was made that Anglo Irish Bank, Bradford & Bingley and Northern Rock are guaranteed or making good. My understanding is that Northern Rock is making good. My understanding is that Bradford & Bingley have stated that they want to pay off their hybrids, but they are not making payments currently. I don't know what Anglo Irish Bank is doing, but my understanding is that the Irish government, and in fact, neither the U.K. government nor the Irish government are guaranteeing hybrids, and yet you say that nationalization, historically what you've seen, says that this stuff is money good. That was probably stream of consciousness, but can you explain what you're thinking here? I mean it doesn't, everything I've read would suggest that what you're saying is not showing, of course, everything I've read could be wrong.
William Jeremy Jeffery: Well, let me first speak to Bradford & Bingley, if there is a little bit of a, I guess a misunderstanding there. Bradford & Bingley continues to service their hybrid debt instruments. What they have said is that they have not, and the Anglo and the Irish government says something similar. The Bradford & Bingley case, I believe the decision has been made to continue to service those instruments, but they may defer the maturity on those instruments until the senior indebtedness is fully repaid. At that point they will use, they intend to use what remains to satisfy the obligations of the perpetual shares or the perpetual debentures. Anglo Irish, let me speak to that Anglo Irish, let me speak to that one very specifically, Aglo the Irish government put out an FAQ and in that FAQ one of the questions that they put out was I hold an Anglo Tier I hybrid instrument, how will the nationalization affect me? The answer they gave, there should be no impact on your Tier I I’m reading this hybrid instrument, Anglo will continue to service it's obligations to you under the instrument IE to make coupon payments and blah, blah, blah. It goes on, I can give you the whole speech if you would like.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay Jerry, if I can interrupt so as long they are making the payments if they it doesn’t matter if they extend out the redemption vis-à-vis the OTTI process as long as they are making the payments that they are supposed to be making till that time.
William Jeremy Jeffery: Well I think that now you are really talking about a different question, which is how would we then react. If we thought there was a high likelihood that the final repayment would be extended. In the case of a Bradford & Bingley we haven’t.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Yeah I know you don’t have any of these.
William Jeremy Jeffery: But we haven't had to do that analysis, but were we to have to do the analysis, we would then ask ourselves all right do we think it's likely that we won't get that principle back at maturity. If we think it is likely, then we would impair it. Even though we continue to be receiving this coupon stream. So, and that's consistent with how we look at all our securities.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. So, whether you get it at the initial redemption date or some later redemption date it doesn’t matter, maybe Kriss wants to talk to that as long as you think you are going to get it?
Kriss Cloninger III: Well as long as we know we are going to get or we have a degree of confidence we are going to get it. And that we can predict with some likelihood as when we will get it. Then the decision would be not to impair.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Jeff Jeffrey: As you know, there's -- there are several variables that go into our impairment.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Right. And if I can ask a quick other question on just the operations, do you guys have any thoughts on persistency? That's an issue that's come up to me lately. People have been asking about persistency and thoughts on that if things get really bad in the economy both here and in Japan?
Kriss Cloninger III: We have seen some modest declines in persistency, both in the U.S. and Japan, in the second half of '08. Well, we measure it through the premiums and force. We see it through slightly increased amortization charges. I guess it is partly a function of the economy. As you say, we went through 2008 first part of the year with the higher gas prices and then that moderated some and moved into the financial crisis in the second or the fourth quarter anyway. So, we are seeing some effect on that. We do believe, we've been relatively recession-neutral in the past. But clearly this is a severe situation and we do know that people tend to want to keep insurance they have in this kind of environment particularly if it's not terribly expensive, which ours isn't. So, that’s what's benefited us in the past, and we believe that it will influence consumers when they evaluate whether or not to continue their insurance.
Daniel P. Amos: And let me make a comment about Japan. We have not really ratcheted it up talking to our existing policyholders about persistency. But we’re now going to investigate. There's been no major change. Remember, in Japan our policies in Japan our policies are age specific.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Daniel P. Amos: So, if you buy it and then you lapse it, if you rebuy it it's a much higher price. So, there's a real incentive to keep the policy in force, and although we're age banded in the U.S. and you don't want to go into that next band, the age-specific really works through our advantage of trying to get them to keep it in force. And so I'll be real curious as we work on this, doing a few little things in Japan, to see if it levels out and my hope is that it will.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Japan has moved from a model of I guess at least from sales, maybe not in force, I don’t remember the numbers from people buying at the employer, your large employers to people buying on their own, I guess. Does that change the dynamics of persistency in a bad economy one way or another?
Daniel P. Amos: The employer, the corporate agencies probably has the highest persistency, Kriss can answer to that a little bit more so but age affects it, several other things affect it, but it is not anything significant, but a little bit more so. Kriss?
Kriss Cloninger III: Well, to tell you the truth, Steve, I really thought persistency was not going to be as good with the non-corporate agency business, but it’s pretty darn close. It's ben surprisingly close to me I expected the people not paying on the corporate payroll plan to not persist, as well, but that's turned out not to be the case. Let me remind you that I think earlier in 2008 probably in the first or second quarter, we talked about the effect of having a high, well a relatively higher percent of our in force business in Japan move into the retirement ages of 55 to 59.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Kriss Cloninger III: There and that caused a blip up in lapse rates during 2008. We expect it will continue about at that same level throughout 2009 in Japan, so that seems to be our major movement in Japan. U.S. we just saw a slight blip up, I think, so far in the fourth quarter of '08. And let me remind you, from a financial reporting point of view though that the impact of lapses on profitability is relatively neutral in Japan. We have deferred costs we write off, we have our policy reserves we release. We have in Japan some cases cash values we pay out, like modest cash surrender values on the Japanese business. That applies to our older business, not so much our newer business. For our newer business in Japan and our total business in the U.S., we don't have any cash values in the policy. So, when people leave us, it's like a windfall to us profitability wise in the sense that we release the full reserve with no payment of cash. We do have write off the deferred cost, but we tend to generate excess profits in the U.S., and again, neither poorish or profit or it's unusual, it's a loss, in Japan. So, increase in lapses slows long-term growth rates, but it tends to improve current period profitability is what I'll leave you with.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay, thanks Kriss.
Kriss Cloninger III: Okay.
Operator: Colin Devine with Devine. You may ask your question.
Colin Devine – Devine: I guess I have a new firm I did not. A couple of clarification and then a question. First, Dan, I believe you said that AM Best affirmed the ratings and I'm looking at a press release from last night that said the financial strength ratings were affirmed, but the issuer credit ratings were downgraded, so perhaps you can just clarify that for everybody?
Daniel P. Amos: I said the financial ratings.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yes, that's correct.
Daniel P. Amos: That's good. That's correct. But the financial ratings is what I was talking about and that's what our agents look to and that is what I was going back.
Colin Devine – Devine: Okay. And then secondly on the value of the hybrid portfolio, that's clearly driven the decline in the stock. I just want to be clear on what you gave as the indication for the decline year-to-date. I thought I heard 9%, and I just want to check, is that on the $8 billion or the $9 billion, that it's down or a portion of its if we could get some clarification obviously, that's a key one for everybody. I'd also like on the Kriss, a little more explanation on the concentration issue. It's obviously driven a couple of downgrades here. I'm looking at page 13. You said it's 5% of statutory capital is the hard limit. You've had it for five years, and yet every one of those 30 positions is above it. In fact, number 30 is at about 80% above your limit. What's going to be done clearly to accelerate this situation since it's a ratings problem? And then, if we could come to the incurred premiums, or current claims to premium ratio, if we could just touch on that for both Aflac U.S. and Aflac Japan, since they both hit an all time record this quarter? Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos: Okay, well, let's try to take it one at a time. Let's see, what was first.
Kriss Cloninger III: It was so long ago I've forgotten, but I think it was to get a little more color behind the year-to-date valuation on the portfolio?
Colin Devine – Devine: Correct, I mean clearly that's driven a 50% drop in the stock, so how much is the hybrid portfolio down year-to-date? You said 9% on what?
Kriss Cloninger III: 9% on the $8 billion of fair value.
Colin Devine – Devine: Prefect.
Kriss Cloninger III: Do your math of the $8 billion.
Colin Devine – Devine: Yes, just want to confirm.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yep.
Colin Devine – Devine: On the concentration change?
Kriss Cloninger III: Regarding concentration change, those are all legacy positions, Colin. Virtually, all the 5% of tax refers more to new positions over the last five years
William Jeremy Jeffery: Let me make one comment, too, Colin. Some of those top 30 exposures were the result of consolidation to, it was not as the result of an increase in purchases by us.
Colin Devine – Devine: I guess it's just that number 30's not even close for the limit, Jerry, that's kind of the point?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Well, it's magnified by the yen as well, Colin. The other thing, Colin, that I would remind you that we have not added to any of those positions for a considerable period of time and really don't intend to.
Colin Devine – Devine: Okay. Then if we can go to what's going on with the businesses, that's what you want to talk about, what happened with the incurred claims to premium ratios, for both Japan and the U.S. all-time record highs as far as I could trace it back?
Kriss Cloninger III: All right. Let me look at the facts here just to bring them back to my mind. There wasn't a lot going on, Colin. There was some true up. We always have fourth quarter true ups, both in Japan and the U.S., when we're trying to - I think historically or in Japan, let's okay we are looking at 63.6% of revenue.
Colin Devine – Devine: I'm focusing on premiums where we had about a 500, 600 point jump, but as I say, it's the highest it's ever been. Is something changing over there with what you're doing, because it's in both of them, but the fact is it's, as far as I can tell these are record numbers. What happened this quarter?
Kriss Cloninger III: All right. Basically, the answer is, no, nothing's going on, nothing's changed. I'll say in the U.S. that what's influencing us there is a block of business called a platinum plan that we've addressed before, that we have a big payout of cash at the end of 20 policy years. It's been a so-called building benefit. It's similar to a return premium policy, where you get a big cash payment at the end of 20 years, and we're starting to see the maturities of those 20-year policies in U.S. So, relative to cash, that's going to cause a big jump in incurred claims as we pay out that cash. Now, we have a commensurate release of policy reserve that should fully offset it. We've been a little bit short on our reserve versus our cash payouts and we've known that, but under our accounting rules they are being strictly enforced regarding lock in, we're not allowed to increase our policy reserves to reflect that increased estimate of claims that are going to be paid out in '08 and '09 and a little bit in '10. Now, it's not going to kill us as far as earnings. We've got favorable developments in some other blocks, but that caused the influence in the jump up of incurred claims to premiums in the U.S.. In Japan, I don't look at claims to premiums over there, Colin, because policy reserves are such are such a big element of our benefits there, we have got longer-term liabilities in Japan and we have stronger policy reserves and then aging business and the like, and really what caused the part of the or substantial part of the increase in the fourth quarter, benefit ratio to revenues was the effect of yen strengthening on dollar-denominated investment income suppressing our revenue number. We showed a ratio of benefits to revenues at 63.6 it would have been 62.7 on a constant currency basis, which was in line with the prior quarters, and overall we were in line with the benefit ratio improvement guidance for the year, both in the US and Japan.
Colin Devine - Devine: Okay and maybe I will come back with calendar that just says at one thought. Given the issue hybrids represent and the fact we are going to disclose every single one of them in the statutory blanks when they come out, would it be possible to get a list of those early so that everybody can value them, put their own number on it and you can get some rationality back in your stock price.
Kriss Cloninger III: Colin, I think if you look at the 2007 schedule.
Colin Devine - Devine: Well I have it.
Kriss Cloninger III: Okay you may refer that it really hasn’t changed.
Colin Devine - Devine: Well there were few in the fourth quarter that’s I think it might be handy to update it.
Kriss Cloninger III: Well, okay. The Iceland Banks, of course, would be scoped out. Beyond that I defer to Ralph as to what would you do.
Ralph A. Rogers Jr: There haven’t been any additions in the portfolio.
Kriss Cloninger III: There have been no additions.
Colin Devine - Devine: Okay.
Ralph A. Rogers Jr.: We haven't bought any in three years.
Colin Devine - Devine: Thank you.
Ralph A. Rogers Jr.: Okay, that's. And by the way, Colin, that point to just, we will be elevating PDFs of our blue books, both historically and the ’08 book when its available just to make a little bit easier for those of you who want to review that information. And my understanding, is well, in working through our Chief Accounting Officer is that the perpetual debentures right now that are largely classified as preferred instruments on stat blank will be moving to debt instruments in terms of categorization.
Colin Devine: Okay, thank you.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Audra, we're at the top of the hour, can you tell me – we are going to have a presentation tonight, so for those of you that are in New York. We hope you can you be there to ask more questions this evening, but can you tell me, out of how many more we have in the queue right now?
Operator: Currently there's nine
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: There's nine. Well, lets take a couple of more, we are at top of the hour. We'll take a couple more questions before we cut off because we actually have to travel ahead to New York very shortly.
Operator: Thank you, Eric Berg with Barclays Capital. You may ask your question.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thanks, a couple of real quick ones. You told us in this call that with respect to the debentures they're currently worth, I emphasize currently, taking into consideration year-to-date pricing, roughly, 80% of amortized cost. My question, if we were to look beneath the surface at your individual security-by-security pricing, what would we find in particular, are there any securities trading at less than 50%, and any securities trading at less than 30% of cost? And then I have one follow up.
William Jeremy Jeffery: The answer is yes to both questions I don’t have the specific percentages for those two questions, but we certainly have those numbers.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Okay, my second and final, thank you I will follow up with Ken regarding additional detail. My second and final question relates to CDOs. There has been, as everyone knows, a broadly-based deterioration or widening of credit spreads, although admittedly credit spreads did narrow in the month of December after widening dramatically in the months of October and November, and my sense is that, credit spreads really across the spectrum ended the quarter significantly that may started the quarter. My question on the CDOs is, what is structurally different about the ones that you have not impaired from the CDO impairments that you took in the December quarter? Why do we have 500 hours of unrealized losses that you believe will remain temporary to a 77 million?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Well, I think that the most important variable that we look at and the thing we really focus on when we look at our CDO holdings, is, a) of course, how much subordination is in each CDO that we own and b) looking at each and every credit exposure underlying the CDOs, and aggregating those risks, what is the overall default expectation. In other words, how many default can should we expect from the portfolio given their current credit conditions. And if we find that the number of defaults that we would expect over the life of the instrument brings us close to our and I used to emphasize close to our subordination, not through it. We will then recommend impairment. As long as, but we do look at it from other aspects, as well. We do look at price and we do look at other data. But the real driver is our default expectation.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: So, the answer, in other words, what you are saying is, there is something structurally different about these CDOs that you have not impaired?
William Jeremy Jeffery: No there is nothing structurally different. Our CDOs are very uniform in how they are structured.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's the underlying reference are they.
William Jeremy Jeffery: We look at the underlying reference entities, and pre-determine that in the aggregate that those reference entities have deteriorated to the point where there is a significant risk that that we're going to loose principle then we will impair the CDO. So, it's a very the decision is made individually security-by-security.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: So you are saying in other words, that your position in the cost structure of the CDOs is fairly similar, what differs from CDO to CDO is, or from tranche to tranche that you own is the, your position is on the underlying referenced corporate debt?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Yeah I think that’s a very good way of putting it.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thank you, okay.
Daniel P. Amos: Just in layman's terms I think of actual defaults incurred in the reference names. Certain defaults and certain CDOs and we have had more and sound than others, and the ones we've had more defaults in are more likely to be written now.
Paul S. Amos II: Well it's Paul, Eric. And as there's more to it than that but that’s certainly an element.
Eric Berg – Barclays Capital: Thanks to both of you.
Operator: Ed Spehar with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you good morning two quick questions. Jerry can you give me any – any indication of potential ratings changes on hybrids, what portion of yours are on negative watch or outlook or any color on that. And Kriss can you give us any sense for I mean I know this is going to be rough may be, but an expectation for what required capital might be at year-end ’09 at the company actual level assuming no material change and ratings on the fixed income portfolio because I know you did give us an outlook for year-end 09 stat capital thanks.
William Jeremy Jeffery: The first question I think is, has to do with ratings distribution what I can give you right now it is ratings distributions as of January 30 versus ratings distributions as of December 31 for the hybrid portfolio. We have had one name that has been downgraded from single A to BB. It's actually split rated, but we are carrying it at BB and that's Royal Bank of Scotland. Aside from that we've had a minimal number of ratings changes. So the ratios looked are as follows. Our the number of securities we have rated A or better is still over 92% our below investment grade exposure's risen from 1% to 4.75%. But aside from that there's been very little, I don't have at hand the watch list, but I will try to get that and have it for you by the time we will get to New York.
Kriss Cloninger III: Okay, Ed, regarding capital, we anticipate that at current exchange rates required capital will probably go up around 10% next year, and if we earn what we expect to on a statutory basis just from core operations, don't have any more investment realized losses, our RBC should be in excess of 500% clearly and probably 525% or better. So, that’s kind of where we are.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Audra, again we are going to have to leave shortly so let's take one more question then for those of you again that are in New York please join us this evening and share those questions with us if you are not going to see, you please feel free to e-mail them to either Rob or myself. Audra lets take one more?
Operator: Thank you. Dan Johnson with Citadel, you may ask your question.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Great thank you very much, just a follow up on the last one. In terms of the downgrades for the month of January is it just RBC was the only one.
William Jeremy Jeffery: RBS
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: RBS, thank you. I thought we have seen some action on Dexia and maybe a few others out of.
William Jeremy Jeffery: I'm sorry. What I was referring to you was we only had one that was downgraded to below investment grade. Dexia did receive ratings action but it was, it is still, that is now carried at split rated, and we are still carrying that as an investment grade holding.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Okay but for S&P it was below investment grade?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Correct and in the case of RBS again that had two below investment grade and still and still carried a single A on by one of the rating agencies so but we elected to begin carrying that as below investment grade
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: And was there one other one that had been downgraded in January, or are those the two big ones, or is that something else caught my eyes?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Fortis was also had.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Fortis. Thank you, that was done.
William Jeremy Jeffery: Correct.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: And how are you handling that?
William Jeremy Jeffery: At the moment we are carrying that as investment grade as a BBB investment grade.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: All right okay. And then finally we have got debt coming due in the near term I believe. Can you just talk about when that is and what the plans are. Thank you very much.
William Jeremy Jeffery: Well, we originally issued $450 million of senior notes in U.S. dollars. We swapped them to yen. The yen equivalent's roughly 54 billion or 55 billion yen. We plan to refinance them, either with bank debt or with the public issue we were widening until we have the year-end results in hand and we will get to work on explicitly what we intend to do. In the event we couldn’t refinance them we could repay them with internal capital, but its our preference to refinance them using bank or public market debt primarily, hopefully yen dominated but dollar denominated is an alternative.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Would that internal capital include using existing lines of credit or more literally just cash?
William Jeremy Jeffery: Literally cash.
Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group: Great thanks very much I'll save the rest for tonight.
William Jeremy Jeffery: Okay.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Thank you again for joining us, again. If you want to send us an e-mail, if you have anything immediate, we'll return that as quickly as we can. Otherwise many of you, we'll see this evening. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes conference call. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth S. Janke, Jr. - Sr. VP, IR Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and CEO Kriss Cloninger III - President, CFO and Treasurer Joey M. Loudermilk - EVP, General Counsel and Secretary Tohru Tonoike - President and COO, Aflac Japan Jerry Jeffery - Sr. VP and Chief Investment Officer Paul Shelby Amos II - President and COO
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Colin Devine - Citigroup Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC Eric Berg - Barclays Capital John Nadel - Sterne Agee Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in listen-only. After the presentation we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to inform all participants that your call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. And I will also like to turn the call over to your conference host this morning, Mr. Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much. Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for our third quarter conference call. With me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of our U.S. Operations; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and Tohru Tonoike, President and COO of Aflac Japan joins us from Tokyo. Before we begin this morning, let me remind you of the Safe Harbor. I would like to point out that some of the statements in this conference call are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. And although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give you no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are perspective in nature. The actual results in future could differ materially from those we discussed today. And I'd encourage you to look at our quarterly release or latest filing to see some of the risk factors that could influence our results materially in the future. Now, I'd like to ask Dan to give us some comments to go over the quarter and then we will run through some numbers and be happy to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to discuss the third quarter results and outlook. It's turning on certain times like these that one of our primary attributes, consistency, is so widely important. Aflac has a long history of consistent operating performance and this year has been no exception. Our operating results for the third quarter and for the first 9 months of 2008 were strong and we met or exceeded our expectations. As we noted in yesterday's press release, we expect operating earnings per year for 2008 of a 15% increase before the impact at the end. I also believe we're well positioned to achieve our objective for the operating earnings per share for 2009. I want to spend some time talking about the balance sheet and the capital provision. But first let me briefly review our operations beginning with Aflac Japan. At our Tokyo Analyst meeting in September, we said we were disappointed with sales in July and August. Aflac Japan's management also discussed plans we believe could result a strong September, which would leave us in a position to achieve our sales target for the year. Overall, those plans were pretty successful. We had a significant increase in September, which resulted in modest sales increase for the quarter. However, despite that increase, it will still be difficult to achieve the full year sales target on a year-to-date basis results. I know that many of you have wondered how the situation of that AIG has impacted our business in Japan. Initially, there was some confusion following the extraordinary events at AIG. Following the news at AIG, we received more than 1,200 calls in a day from consumers wondering if we were in fact the same company. Both companies began with the word American and that shouldn't come as a shock. We quickly created ads that were specifically designed to differentiate Aflac and to promote our financial strength. Just two weeks ago, I spent three days in Tokyo speaking with the media and emphasizing that we are not related to AIG and we did not share their issues. As a result of those interviews, the calls we received from consumers and costumers dropped dramatically to less than 50 a day. Overall sales to the distribution channels has been solid. In the third quarter we sold 1.3 billion yen in new business through the bank channel, which was a 92.8% increase over the second quarter. Although that's an impressive increase like the second quarter, we thought that we would do a little bit better. The global financial crisis has affected some of our new banking partners. Banks are understandably more tuned to the financial turmoil of these agencies. And we've been spending a lot of time communicating our bank's financial strength to our new bank distributors. Although the Shinkin Bank sales of Aflac's products were strong in September, regional banks were somewhat weak because they've spent lot of time with their costumers on non-AFLAC products such as investment trust in light of the stock market sell-off. That is still the case in October. We remain pleased with the number of banks that are offering our products, and at the end of September, we were sell... selling agreements with 196 banks, which is significantly more than our competitors. As you know, we just began selling Cancer Forte products through Japan post network on October 1st of this year. We are obviously in the early stages of this selling agreement. With our product being offered to 300 of Japan's over 20,000 post offices, I'd consider our initial sales to be somewhat of a test. However, our sales through these new channels has been very good so far, and I am pleased with the strong start. We are the best branded company for cancer insurance in Japan, and there is no doubt that Japan post has a long history of successfully selling to consumers. As a result, we believe this channel will be a solid contributor to our future sale. Now, let me turn to our business in the Unites States. Selling insurance in the current U.S. economy has proven to be a challenge this year. Total new annualized premium sales were up one-tenth of a percent to 369 million in the third quarter and up 1.8% for the nine months. As discussed in previous quarters, I think it's likely that some of our policyholders, potential customers and sales associates are feeling the impact of the weak economic environment. While we faced difficult economies before, this part of the economic cycle has been particularly challenging to the consumers. Obviously, the recent stock market turmoil has only added to consumers on these. In addition, hurricane Ike severely disrupted sales in Texas, which is our largest sales state or selling in the country. Despite the sales results of the third quarter, we continue to be pleased with the basic sales related activity of our U.S. operations. In the third quarter, we've recruited more than 6,400 new sales associates, an increase of 4.9%. The average number of weekly producing associates increases 3.7% in the third quarter. Other indicators have also remained positive. The number of new payroll of Dutch-in [ph] accounts rose by 6.4% in the third quarter. Our new agents in particular continued to be a key driver in opening new accounts and selling new business. We believe the solid results and the fundamental activities of our business position us for better results next year. We have certainly faced a much more challenging economy this year than I think anyone expect. However, that has not changed consumers underlying need for U.S. product line. Our coverage provides valuable protection at affordable prices. We are absolutely convinced, that U.S. remains a sizable and attractive market. Considering Wall Street's current focus on the insurance hinge [ph], I would spend some time on the balance sheet. I will remain pleased with our balance sheet, which I consider to be strong, especially from a capital adequacy standpoint. Because of the nature of our products our Japanese operation, our ability and assets were unique compared with other North American insurers you might fallow or own. The most important distinction of our policy liability is that are products help protect wealth, they don't help built wealth. Some of our products in Japan do offer a small cash surrender value particularly with our older block of cancer insurance. However we do not have a similar benefit feature in the U.S. products. At the same time our products have very affordable premiums and as a result our business is not subject to so called run on the bank. In fact the persistency of our business in both the U.S. and in Japan remains stable. Turning to the asset side, let me first remind you why we invest the way that we do. Ultimately the characteristics of the products we sell that drive our investment approach. Our products in Japan result in long duration yen denominated liabilities. As such we purchase long duration yen denominated assets to support those liabilities. It is the primarily the long duration nature of the investments that has led to the large unrealized losses in the portfolio as credit spreads have widened globally. In addition to duration and currency matching, the investment policies of the Board of Directors do not permit the purchase of speculative investments, such as junk bonds. As a result, 98.4% of our debt securities were invested in investment grade products as of September. Our investment approach has been time tested and has been effective. In fact, it is not changed in 19 years that I've been the CEO and I am absolutely convinced. It's still the most prudent way for us to do. As many of you know, Japan does not have a developed corporate bond market. So we have to purchase securities issued by many non-Japanese entities. We have a diversity of insurers and a portfolio from insurers in 42 countries around the world. Financial institutions have been a natural insurer for the types of assets that we own and as a result we still have large investments in the financial sector. We take some comfort in the fact that financials are highly regulated. In addition we've always tried to invest in the market leaders and large financial institutions that underpin the economies in which they operate. I believe our investment premise has been vindicated considering the extraordinary efforts that many governments have taken in the current financial crisis to ensure that these large institutions do not fail. Another characteristic that makes Aflac somewhat unique is the size and predictability of our cash flows to the investments in Japan. Through the nine months of this year, we invested more than 354 billion yen after we paid claims and operating expenses. That equates us to investing about 1.9 billion yen or $18 million each working day. These substantial cash flows means that we do not participate... do not anticipate liquidating invested assets to meet cash needs for paying claims. As a result of our cash flow characteristics, the incredibly high persistency rate of our business in Japan, we remain a significant percentage of the securities that are classified as held to maturity. Of the slightly less than 5 billion in gross unrealized losses on the consolidated debt portfolio at the end of the third quarter, 1.9 billion or about 38% were attributed to held to maturity. Because we have both the liability and the intent to hold these securities to maturity, we will not realize those losses unless there's a significant credit event with the insurer. While we have a very record from an investment perspective, we know that we are not perfect. As you know, we sold our holdings in Lehman Brothers at a large loss and we disposed off some small investment in Washington Mutual at a loss. We also impaired our investment in Ford Motor Company in the third quarter even though Ford is still current in its interest payments. As we pointed out in the press release, we own securities in Iceland's three banks. All of those banks are in receivership, and we believe it's unlikely that we will receive both interest and principle. We plan to impair these securities in the fourth quarter at an estimated loss of approximately $110 million after-tax. Any time you extend credit, you take a risk. We understand that, and through credit analysis, is the cornerstone of the investment approach. Obviously, if we thought Lehman had been a risk to failure, we would have never bought that debt. We believe the decision to buy securities, and we accept the responsibility. Certainly, in this extreme environment, it's not surprising that some of the companies are failing. Kriss will comment in more detail on these decisions to reclassify the perpetual debentures. We own as available for sale. However, I want to emphasize that we have been consistent with our investment accounting during the 15 years we've owned these securities. But considering the current capital market conditions, we believe our approach to reclassify them is a conservative one. I remain convinced that our investment approach is the most appropriate for Aflac given the types of products we sell. And I believe our overall approach to the balance sheet remains conservative. Undoubtedly, conservatism in this volatile market is crucial. You'll recall our risk based capital ratio was 574% at the end of last year. As I mentioned in the press release, we do not normally compute interim ratios. However, in light of the investors' concerns about the industry's capital adequacy, we felt that it was important to calculate the RBC ratios as of September 30. Since the end of the year the Yen has strengthen significantly to the dollar. As we have discussed at the analyst meeting, stronger Yen lowers our RBC ratio. Despite the Yen's impact and the realized investment loss that we took in the third quarter, our RBC ratio was still approximately 495% at the end of September. We also expect our solvency margin in Japan to remain strong. As a result, we believe our capital level is more than accurate... adequate to support our rate. We do not anticipate the need for raising capital. We remain focused on the best way to manage our capital in ways that allows us to navigate current financial crisis, maintain our capital ratios and ratings and deploy excess capital to benefit our shareholders. Unlike other companies we have not suspended our share repurchase program. We bought 23.2 million shares in 2008, all of which was funded with internal capital. We believe those purchases help position us to achieve our earnings per share target for both this year and next. Although we do not anticipate buying additional capital this year, we expect to purchase approximately 12 million shares in 2009 or about 35 million shares over the two year period, which is consistent with our prior guidance. In addition to repurchasing our shares, we are also pursuing our same dividend policy. As you read in last night's release, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend by 16.7%, effective with the first quarter of this year. That will mark the 27th consecutive year in which we've increased the dividend. Our intent remains to increase the annual dividend at a faster rate than our operating earnings per share growth before the impact of the yen. Reflecting the underlying strength and profitability of the interest operation, we have upwardly revised our outlook for this year from a 14% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the policy to 15%. We continue to believe that the 2009 objective of a 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share excluding currency is reasonable and achievable. I am confident in Aflac's operations and its business model and I can tell you I wouldn't trade places with any other CEO. Now I would like to turn the program over to Kriss. Kriss?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Very good morning, everyone. I want to briefly comment on the $191 million non-cash impairment charge related to the perpetual debentures we own. In light of the recent unprecedented volatility in the debt and equity markets, we've re-evaluated two accounting issues related to our holdings of these so called hybrid securities which have both debt and equity characteristics. The first issue is whether they should be classified as debt or equity on the balance sheet. And the second issue is the appropriate approach for determining other that temporary impairment. Regarding the classification of hybrids, with the concurrence of our auditors we've carried them as debt instruments for 15 years, and we believe with good reason. As you may know, hybrids are priced and rated like debt securities. Although they do not have a stated maturity date, the hybrids we own have unique features that create what is essentially an economic maturity or redemption date. All of these features make it very punitive for the issuer not to redeem the securities of their economic maturity dates regardless of the economic environment. In fact, we have one hybrid that was redeemed on October 8 this year during what was arguably one of the most distressed periods for the global credit market. Our first purchase of these hybrids was in 1993. And just as we do, every time we invested in the new asset class, we carefully assess the statutory and GAAP accounting implications before we made our initial investment. From a statutory accounting standpoint, the regulators treated hybrid as debt instrument and they have since affirmed that position very recently. At that time, our auditors also concluded debt treatment was appropriate given the substantial debt like characteristics of the hybrid securities. In fact, had auditors not agreed that they were debt instruments for accounting purposes; we probably never would have borrowed. However, the recent turmoil, and the debt and equity markets has resulted in a unprecedented widening of credit spread for all bank debt and equity issues including hybrids, as well as an increase in unrealized losses, particularly for longer duration securities. As a result, we concluded it is now both reasonably conservative and prudent to classify all of our hybrids is available for sale and to carry them at market value on our balance sheet. The second issue relates to the application of the appropriate impairment policy. At the end of September, all, but two of our hybrids were rated investment grade. And they're all current on the interest payments through the third quarter. We believe they'll be redeemed at the economic material date and that the principle will be returned. In addition we have both the intent and ability to hold these securities until maturity or at least until a recovery in value. As a result, no impairment was required using a debt approach. However after discussions with our auditors in considering market conditions, we concluded that this is prudent to evaluate these hybrids for other than temporary impairment using an equity impairment model. After applying that model we concluded that a cumulative impairment charge of $191 million was warranted. We used evaluation day of June 30, 2008 for determining that charge because of recent comments from the SEC on that very topic. In fact just last week the office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC sent a letter to the Financial Accounting Standards Board regarding impairment treatment for hybrid securities. In that letter, the SEC acknowledged that hybrids posed a challenge because of the debt and equity characteristics. The SEC also stated that hybrids could be treated as debt for impairment purposes for all fillings after the date of its letter until the FASB could further address the issue. But we interpret that letter, as meaning that the SEC believes an equity approach to evaluating impairment should have been used towards June 30, 2008. So that influenced our decision to reflect the equity impairment model in our financial statements for this period. While this is an issue requiring substantial judgment, I hope you will agree that we have been very transparent in our disclosures about our accounting treatment for these hybrid Securities. We'll continue to not only monitor but also contribute to the discussion related to these instruments and when there is further clarification of the required impairment approach, we'll keep you apprised through our normal disclosure process. Ken?
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you Chris. Before we get to your questions, let me just finish by briefly running through some of the numbers for the quarter beginning with Aflac, Japan. Starting at the top line in yen terms, revenues were up 3.3% for the quarter. Investment income rose 0.9% reflecting the impact of the stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income. Excluding the effect of a stronger yen, investment income was up 4.4% in the quarter. As you heard from Dan, our persistency has been very stable. The annualized persistency rate excluding annuities in Japan was 94.6%, compared with 94.8% for the first 9 months of 2007. In terms of the quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio continued to improve over last year. It was 62.2% in the quarter compared with 63.7% a year ago. The expense ratio for the quarter is 19.5% compared with 19.1% in 2007 third quarter. The increase primarily reflected higher budgeted expenses for the bank channel and IT. Reflecting the lower benefit ratio, a pretax profit margin rose from 17.2% to 18.3% in the quarter. And with the expansion of the margin, pretax earnings increased 10.1% for the quarter in yen terms. Again, excluding the impact of a stronger yen on dollar denominated investment income; pretax earnings were up 13.7% in the quarter. For the quarter, we invested our cash flow in yen dominated securities at 3.05, and including dollars the blended rate was 344. The portfolio yield was 396 at the end of September, down 2 basis points from the end of June and 10 basis points lower than a year ago. As you heard from Dan, the overall credit quality remains very high. We have only 1.6% of our debt instruments rated below investment grade that dropped from the end of June, now reflected an upgrade of our holding of our hold that we'll move to investments grade during the quarter, and also the impairment of Ford Motor Company. IKB Deutsche Industriebank and Glitnir Bank were also downgraded in the quarter and are now carried [ph] to below investment grade. Let me turn to Aflac U.S, which has a 7.8% increase in revenues for the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the nine months was 73.5% versus 73.8% a year ago. It's improved in each of the last two quarters. Then looking at operating ratios, benefit ratio was 52.7%, down from 53.1% a year ago. The expense ratio was 30.4% compared with 30.6% last year. And the profit margin was 16.9%, up from 16.3%. As a result, pretax operating earnings rose 11.9% for the quarter. In terms of U.S. investment, the new money yield for the quarter was 7.48% versus 7.01% a year ago. And the yield on the portfolio at the end of September was 7.05%, up 1 basis point from the second quarter and 4 basis points higher than year ago. Looking at some items for the quarter, the non-insurance interest expense was unchanged at $6 million. Current company and other unallocated expenses were $9 million, up from $6 million a year ago. And the margins improved on a consolidated basis and the pre-tax margin basis rose from 16.5% to 17.5%. The after-tax margin increased from 10.8% to 11.5%. The operating tax rate was 34.5%, a little changed from a year ago. And, as you saw, operating earnings per diluted share rose 20.0% to $1.02 in the quarter, which was a bit ahead of consensus. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.04 per share for the quarter and $0.17 for the first nine months of the year. Excluding the yen's impact, operating earnings per share increased 15.3% for the quarter, and 14.5% for the first nine months. Lastly, let me comment on the outlook for earning per share for the remainder of the year. As Dan mentioned, our objective for 2008 is now 15% increase before the impact of currency translation. That would mean a target of $3.76 in operating earnings per diluted share assuming the exact same exchange rate as 2007. However, the yen is clearly stronger than it was a year ago. And that the yen average is 100 to 105 for the remainder of the year, we would expect to report operating earning per diluted share of $3.97 to $3.99. On a debt scenario of a stronger yen, the fourth quarter operating earnings per share would likely fall in the range of $0.95 to $0.97. The current first call estimate for the forth quarter was $0.98. And again, as you heard, our objective remains for 2009 of a 13% to 15% increase before the effect of currency translation. Now, Trey, I'd be happy to turn it back to you, so we can take some questions. We will stay a bit longer than the top of the hour if that's warranted based on the number of questions that are in the queue. But, in the meantime, please try and limit your question to one so everyone has a chance to ask this question. Trey? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. Yes, at this time we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question does come from Nigel Dally. You may ask your question.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you and good morning everyone. With the AIG situation, even if you succeed in differentiating your company from theirs, that it'd make consumers think twice about buying from a foreign end insurer in which case potentially you get depressed for several additional quarters you sell the outlook. Or alternatively, does it provide some opportunities to pickup some market-share in Japan. And if so, how quickly do you feel you'd capitalize on that opportunity? Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll answer that, because I just got back from there. I think that while I was over there being able to differentiate us made a big difference. We've got some research that came in even this morning that I just saw that... said that we were perceived as being much stronger, and I don't see us... I don't see it as a problem regarding foreign insurers. Remember, our operations over there, everything is run in Japanese, we've only got two Americans, they work over there. And so they perceive us as being Japanese to a great degree, even though we do have the American in the name to some point. So I see opportunity for us. It's really not AIG, it's Alico versus Aflac is the problem. It's not AIG because Alico is American Life Insurance Company versus American Family. But now that we've differentiated ourselves and they were over 11 different newspaper articles throughout the country, while I was over there, that said we were looking at it and by the way with this uncertainty that's going on in the marketplace I think that's off the table right now. So I want to say that, although we were always just looking just as we have with any other company. But I think it gives us opportunities to broaden our base, to hire additional associates and so over the long run I think it's going to help us, over the short run I think it caused us problems. But I think we're through that and we'll move on now.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Very helpful. Thank Dan.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Colin Devine of Citi, you may ask your question.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Okay, thank you very much. I have got two questions. One I want to focus on the investment portfolio but just also a clarification, Dan, that you acknowledge that you were looking at Alico for potential M&A but are not now. So, just to clarify that? But then I'd like to turn to the investment portfolio and what CG and I appreciate that you do not have surrenderable liabilities but the fact is that you pointed out, you do have almost $5 billion of unrealized losses that represents about 70% of the company's equity which is well above the average and where I want to go with this is to look at both Aflac impairment policy and its risk concentration issues. Now, I appreciate you wrote down to Ford Motor, okay, but it's not trading at above 51% base and when you had it. There was nothing done to Ford Credit at 55% of book value, IKB at 44% of book value around... the Glitnir Bank had 54, so acknowledge you are going to impair that in the fourth quarter. What is Aflac's impairment policy and then with respect to concentration which was the issue in the fast with Parmalat, 5% of the company's equity was exposed to Ford and as a single B minus credit that seems rather high to us. But also if I am looking at your top five BBB holdings, they represent over 42% of the company's equity if we take the top nine on page 13, you are up to almost 70. What are your concentration limits? Because if I acknowledge it, you don't have much in below investment grade, but Aflac's making some big bets, say... taking some bets, they tend to make pretty big ones.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Collin it's Joey. First of all, I think our impairment policy says that it's anything that rated below investment grade and it is immediately subject to intense scrutiny and I think we've been through what that scrutiny details. But --
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Well, actually, then why would you write-down Ford and not Ford Credit? Why was at 44% of book value has IKB not written down?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Because... well, two reasons; one is that Ford cut it in four... two entirely different credits, and we can debate why they are entirely different credits in a separate conversation. But, Ford Credit is first of all; it's got receivables that are covering the maturity dates that we are exposed to, which is 2013. It's a four and half year obligation that we have. Ford Motor Company, that your point is a very different situation and we've reacted accordingly. Again, IKB, I don't want to get into specific credit discussion with you. But I will talk to you about our impairment policy, which is, if we think that it is probable that either quoting or closely paraphrasing here, if we think it's probable that we're not going to receive either principal or interest on any investment we will impair. And, by the way, typically we do more than impair, we simply sell it. And that was the case with Lehman Brothers, we sold those immediately. I'm not sure if they went through impairment. The Icelandic banks you heard about, we're... those will be written down to zero. There probably will be some recovery there, but we're not counting on it. IKB, I think, is again a situation which is very fluid right now, and as soon as there's any clarity at all, we will make a determination, and we are making a determination right now, talking about it. So, we are actually, I think, pretty proactive. In terms of your other question, speaking to concentrations, yes we do have specific concentration limit. They are lower than they were a couple of years back and we are very disciplined about any new investments we make in terms of minding that concentration limit.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Well then what percentage do you fell is prudent that equity to expose a single B minus or perhaps BBB. What are your limits?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Our limits on new investments are typically... are 5% of tax. Now in the case of Ford Credit and Ford Motor Company, those were put on in earlier dates before these limits were imposed and if we think that we're taking on acceptable risk also and I would also say that in the past couple of years as you know our emphasis has been strong bias toward much higher rated investment.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: I acknowledge that page 13 is a big improvement. Perhaps you could add that column then to it as a percentage of tax, since that's how you're managing; let's say as a percentage of total debt security.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well look, I'll be happy to talk with risk management.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: To give more clarity.
Operator: Mark Hughes of SunTrust, you may ask your question.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. What were the most successful actions in Japan in September that drove the improved sales and then... to what extent has that continued into October?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well, certainly the bank channel came through with a strong increase 92% for the quarter and it was a strong September. We were going easy comparables. Remember we had a rate increase that went into effect September 1. So, we had a surge in business last year in July and August. So it actually, it was tough comparison for July and August and easy comparisons in September. And then overall, all of our agencies just did a little bit better in the month of September. And finally, we had a direct mail campaign. Tohru's on the line and he may have something to add to that. Tohru you have anything?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Hi Hughes [ph]. You are right and the fact that you just named the many factors which helped us to have a better September. And, yeah I think that's about it.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And anything on October?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: For October, we do not have any specific incentive focusing in October. But instead we are having a very stable... good and stable operation in the regular channel. And all our initiatives incentives are more focused on the later part of the quarter, mostly in December.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks.
Operator: Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Just a quick one on capital and then another on the investment side. Kriss can you talk... just remind us what are your target RBC is. I think you've had to hold some extra margin above the normal 350 RBC for AAs because of the swing factor of the Yen and then also just remind us what the Yen's sensitivity is, because I believe the Yen has strengthen another 11% to 12% since the close of the quarter. That was my first question and I then I just have a follow up too.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well, I appreciate your acknowledging the fact that I've repeatedly said that we had to carry our hours more comfortable, carrying a higher level of capital than average because of the potential for a strong yen. And we're seeing that today. Obviously, as I recall, the strengthening of the yen by about 10 basis points would cost us potentially approximately 100 basis points in RBC. I would have to go back and refresh my memory to make sure that's accurate; I've discussed that at the last analyst meeting. But, I've said, based on our modeling, our sensitivity becomes less overtime in terms of sensitivity to a strengthened yen. And you mentioned the 350 RBC level lab [ph] have to say that's probably what we would like to maintain. And I don't see us getting anywhere near that in the near future.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Tom, it's Ken, remember too that the RBC is used, we've got to live with the period ending range in computing the RBC for the entire year. And the rating agencies understand the nature of our business and the sensitivity of the RBC than it had.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. And just a follow-up on that. So, Kriss, the, sort of 10 point move in yen, which we've since quarter-end, would shift the RBC by 100 points.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: That's what I recall, Tom. But I would want to go back and verify that from the computations we've done.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. The only other question I had was, Jerry, can you just comment on the top 30 holdings that you've laid out. Can you talk about whether any of those are on a watch list of any sort? And maybe just comment a little bit about maybe where the bonds are trading of some of the high profile ones that I think... had received government assistance like Dexia, Fortis, HBOS? Thanks.
Jerry Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Tom, the top 30 holdings, I guess there's obviously a heavy preponderance at bank debt. Most of... I think of those names, Fortis is one of the larger exposures. They are... and there's been significant government assistance by three different governments. And all that assistance has come in the form of capital infusions that are subordinate to our exposures. Again, our discipline remains unchanged on all of these. We are looking at all it constantly and we have been proactive in the past, we will be in the future. I... it's impossible for me to predict where these things are headed. Obviously the market values are far lower than what we think is reasonable, but we also would say that the... well I would say to you that while the market values are far lower than where they've been. We still have had no indication that we're not getting paid or interest in principal and these are securities that are dedicated to liabilities we have, and we got reason to change our posture on that. We're not adding to any of the top 30 by the way or anything that approaches 5% of total adjusted capital. And that has been a policy, which has been flawless [ph]. We are committed to diversification. In fact right now in terms of our new investments, we're spending a lot of... the bulk of our cash flow is being devoted to essential service type companies and by that I would mean, primarily electric utilities, water companies and with almost any company we speak with now we're able to negotiate extremely strong covenants. So, we feel like we're continuing to build a very solid and durable portfolio.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Ed Spehar of Merrill Lynch, you may ask your question.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you. I was wondering, Kriss, maybe you could give us sort of the key differences we should be thinking about when you talk about the equity impairment model versus debt. And related to that, is there... what do you think the risk is that the statutory accounting will follow this change on a GAAP basis? Thank you.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well the equity impairment model focuses on the discount to par that these securities are trading at in the marketplace, towards how much underwater are they and the period of time they've been underwater. We have used basically a three step model that says, okay if they have been more than 10% underwater for 12 consecutive months. And then another step would be a 20% for more than nine months and the third step's like more than 35% for more than six months. And once they hit any of those conditions they are deemed to be subject to impairment. So that's sort of the equity model. The debt model basically depends on an assessment as to whether or not you're more likely than not to suffer a loss of interest income or principle. So impairment is typically not done on a debt security unless you have those conditions unless you expect to... not to receive principle on interest. If you intend to hold them... if you have the ability intent to hold them to maturity and we normally do have the ability intent to hold all of our debt securities to maturity. And we've got long duration securities because we've got long duration liabilities and I pointed out to our board yesterday that basically we run a larger risk for investing in short duration securities because of reinvestment risk than we do suffering through these periods of market value fluctuation over the long duration characteristics where we remain matched between asset and liability durations. So that's that. As far as this --
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Kriss can I ask you just on that though. If... so does this mean that this is a bright line test then for this... for these securities when you say --?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: You could call it that. You could call it that, and that equity impairment model has been brought into question.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Well does that mean... I guess, can you give us a sense for... I would guess that there are a number... given the declines we've seen in some of these hybrid types securities that are a number of these that are sort of falling into that, at least down 20% and probably down more 35% bucket. If there were no change in market conditions, can you give us some sense of six months from now what we would be talking about in terms of the straight line?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Not much more, there were no changes in market conditions because we marked them all down as of June 30. And then, the SEC directed the FASB to reinvestigate this whole notion of... and the impairment model for these hybrid type securities. And I commented on why we made the change effective with prices as of June 30th anyway that's what the SEC seemed to say, it should have been done, and part of this time we have maintained that they were... debt securities ought to be evaluated on a debt impairment model. But in the event that the SEC forced us to change, we felt it was prudent to go ahead and take the charge through June 30th and then await further guidance from the FASB; wearing the appropriate impairment model. The whole motion is... what is a fair value for these securities and relatively a liquid market, when values are somewhat artificially depressed you might say.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: And at this I can I remember one thing that Kriss has commented to the 191 million after-tax charge related to the hybrids in the third quarter, really resulted from kind of a retrospective treatment of these hybrids using the equity impairment model going back several years. Yes, as per release 2004 and was cumulative through that whole period of time. I think Joey has a comment.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Yes. I just... your question really is... I think you're trying to look prospectively at what you can expect in terms of potential impairments and I would tell you this about how we are measuring these things. We are pricing these things really at just egregiously low levels because there are no observable markets out there for a lot of securities of all strikes. So, we've elected the pricing very conservatively, the marks are extremely low. So, I don't see the marks really changing absent a complete and utter meltdown. And I would tell you this about the hybrid, just to give you sort of an overall characteristic of what the portfolio looks like. Our overall portfolio is 82% or better which is about as high as standard as there is in our industry. Our overall portfolio of hybrids is weighted at this level, 97% or better. So, this is an extremely high quality slice of our portfolio, which we marked at very low levels already.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry for the bit delay, but as I guess I... what I... and I'm still a little confused on those, is it... if nothing changes where these securities are marked on an unrealized basis, what we have on some portion it's going to drop into this greater than 35% for more than six months bucket that has not been recognized as impairment but will be?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Some will migrate to those buckets, yes. So, if you are asking, could there be additional charges? Yes. But we wouldn't expect them to be anywhere near what we had in the third quarter, again, because the third quarter was a cumulative catch. We've done that model and the number is nowhere near what it would be... what it was at the end of the third quarter?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: It's approximately $80 million pretax in the fourth quarter if nothing changes. But again the SEC is basically deferred the use of the equity impairment model until the FASB could reconsider the propriety as it relates to hybrid securities.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But Ed just remember, this is Dan, that's an accounting issue, not an economic issue because we don't plan on selling it. If you go back, while I have been CEO, I've seen $5 billion, almost $6 billion in profits in our bond portfolio, which we couldn't sell either because we've marked these assets against liabilities and as long as they were paying, we couldn't afford to make changes anyway because we wind back at lower interest deals. We're in for this for a long run. We plan on keeping these and at the end of the time we expecting to mature with the full rate.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: And I guess, that's my... that was my second question then. Because I mean, I completely understand that and I guess that's why the question about statutory do we think there's going to be any change on the statutory basis, maybe it's more relevant.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well, it was just within the last two years that we had gone through extensive discussions with the standard valuation office of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and received agreement that these hybrid securities would be treated like debt securities for statutory accounting purposes. It's not decided that... that decision is not subject to review or change, but we haven't had any indication at this point that they are selling declined.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Darin Arita of Deutsche Bank, you may ask your question.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you. The interim RBC ratio was very helpful there. Can you give us a sense there how much the... how much higher the RBC ratio would have been without any share repurchases that's there?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well the required capital is about $800 million per 100 basis points of RBC. And so it probably would have been maybe close to 100 point higher without to say the extra shares we bought anyway. We didn't pull out all our money from statutory capital in 2007 to finance the share repurchase that we did this year. So it was already out of a life company into the holding company. So, that money came out in 2007 and was reflected in the end of the year RBC ratio. So, basically it wouldn't have any effect on the 2008 number.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, that's helpful. And can you just give us a sense of what percent of the statutory operating earnings do you need to reinvest for growth each year?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well, our statutory earnings are increasing at approximately the same rate as our GAAP earnings, roughly 15% before the effective currency. And, if you say, capital needs to be increased at the same rate of growth as revenues or assets or earnings, we probably have a required increase in capital order of magnitude 10% to 15% per year. But we've always had a self financing company, would never have to raise capital for the operating capital and we have more than adequate statutory earnings to finance any required increase in capital.
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: John Hall of Wachovia, you may ask your questions
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Great. Thank you. Kriss, in your comments to Ed's questions, you mentioned and $80 million pretax number. Did that reflect where that charge would have been had you used third quarter ending values on the securities?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Yes, that's correct.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And assuming that the prices stay constant through the end of the fourth quarter.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Right.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Because some of these things, they weren't fully aged according to the ageing parameters would now fall in to those buckets of over 12 months, over 9 months, over 6 months, et cetera that I mentioned earlier.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Great, that's helpful. And for Jerry, I noticed that the held to maturity bucket of investment seem to be increasing. Is there a decision to classify more securities in this environment into that bucket now?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well, let me answer that this way. We have... in our Japan portfolio, you are not permitted to reclassify from available for sale to held to maturity on existing holdings under Japan GAAP. So, no, there's been no strategic decision to take existing holdings and reclassify them. I would say that our policy on what we classify as available for sale versus held to maturity is unchanged. And a lot of the securities that we bought this year qualify as held to maturity securities under our internal rules. So, that's the only reason that's happening. We actually... if we end up purchasing more JGBs towards the end of the year, which we occasionally do. Then that will add to the available for sale component.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Great. And I was just wondering if you could comment more broadly on the sales mix in Japan, across the banks and does that channels progress a little bit?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Tohru do want me... you want to talk about that a minute?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: I understand the question was a sales mix in Japan.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Sales mix at the banks.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Yes. Shinkin Banks versus the major banks.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: I see.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: And regional banks, how does it breakdown?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes, let me see. Yes, so out of the... for the month of September. Lastly, a little bit over half came from Shinkin Bank and about one-third was from the regional banks and the mega banks is less than 10%.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Okay.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: And that shares have been pretty stable during the third quarter.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: We saw increasing shares by Shinkin Bank. Does it answer your question?
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Yes. Thank you Tohru.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: You're welcome.
Operator: Jeff Schuman of KBW. You may ask your question.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of things for Kriss. Kriss, is there any cash or excess capital at the holding company at this point?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes. I am looking at Ralph Rogers, he monitors that cash position. We've got about $250 million right now of excess at holding company.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. So that's an additional resource and whatever's embedded at the operating level?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That is correct, Jeff.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And I want to clear up something. I am thinking maybe the answer to one of Darin's question be a little bit confusing to us. You talked about how routine earnings needed to grow along with the top line. And it kind of sounds like... almost a breakeven picture, but that's really not the right picture. I think maybe the easiest way to think of it is that your return on statutory equity is like 40% and your premiums probably grow high single digits and there's still big spread at least on an operating basis is going to generate continued excess cash flow, right?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes that's correct.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, just wanted to clean that up. And then --
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: About 18 million a day.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Yes.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: We're investing about $18 million to $20 million a day on average.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: At the end it's $20 million now.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Maybe net cash flow.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Yes, I guess... I didn't mean to invest in cash flow. I mean in terms of excess capital. As long as your statuary return on capital is much higher than your growth rate then you still are going to generate substantial excess capital.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, you are right.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Yes.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And then lastly just one clarification early on Dan indicated the preliminary share repurchase plan for '09 is $12 million shares. But then of course later we got in this discussion about the dramatic move in the yen and cost, we are having a 100 basis points impact on the RBC ratio. I mean, I would guess at some level of RBC there would be a modification to the share repurchase thinking, is that correct?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, we don't see it right now. We believe that we're stronger and can handle it. And that's our position at this particular point.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thank you.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Already depends on the stock price, Jeff. I mean it's a lot cheaper today than it was three months ago.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Sure, okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Michael Gorzynski of Third Point, you may ask your question.
Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC: Yes. My first question is about the held to maturity portfolio. As of June 30th, you had losses of around $1.8 billion. What were the losses at the end of the quarter?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: The held to maturity portfolio?
Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC: Yes.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Hold on just a second. They were 1.9 billion I believe. 1.9 billion were in held to maturity at September 30.
Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC: Okay. And given the risk and recent performance of your investment portfolio, why are you raising your dividend when your peers are out raising capital?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Because we don't need to raise capital, and we believe that this sends a message of the strength of the company and what's going on and that we believe with 98.5% of our investments and investment grades bonds that we're in a good position and with the enormous cash flow that we had that we can handle it. As you reflect back on our investment portfolio, and our position for the last... since I've been here 19 years, it really hasn't changed. And we believe in retrospect although we wish we had not bought Leman Brothers' bonds or whatever, it's a very conservative investment portfolio and the way to structure it. We don't have the real estate; we don't have any exposure there. We had this accounting change, but other than that we've had no stocks, we had no mortgage issues that have been out there. And, so we have positioned ourselves. Now, in this environment where there has been unsettling news worldwide, we are affected by that, but long term we think our position as a company is very, very strong and we believe that once we get through these uncertain times, we will come out on the other end being one of the strongest companies that's out there today. And we want to send that message to our shareholders that we feel that and that... and that's why we increased the dividend.
Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC: I guess, I would question is, you've got $8 billion of these perpetual bank instruments, and a number of these instruments are now trading at less than $0.50 on the dollar. If those bank issues come under... even... if those evaluations are not to be true or those evaluations deteriorate, it's going to put significant pressure on your capital. That's why I'm asking this question.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Well, they're mark-to-market right now in the September 30th financial statements mark-to...
Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC: But not held to maturity portfolio, right?
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: Yes. There are a lot of...
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: All the hybrids are now in our available for sale portfolio.
Joey M. Loudermilk - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: So they didn't move.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And that has been reflected in our September 30 financial.
Michael Gorzynski - Third Point LLC: Okay, thank you.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Welcome.
Operator: Eric Berg of Barclays Capital, you may ask your questions.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Yes. My first question relates to... and I don't think you've gone over this, maybe you have. The valuation of the securities of the perpetuals, you mentioned repeatedly that it doesn't... that they have been marked as of June 30th. If they had been marked as of September 30, what would be the reduction in the fair value you have been?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We covered that, it's $80 million.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: 80... so that... well I thought the $80 million was what the impairment would be if you went into a different bucket? No?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hold on now, Ralph's checking it.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thank you Dan.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: While you are doing that, let me ask Paul a question about recruiting. What should we infer from the significant improvement in the number of daily producers? While it might... while one might be tempted to say that this is a favorable reflection on your recruiting and training that the number of weekly average producers, pardon me, is it is also possible that this is just simply the result of a sharply deteriorating economy in the U.S. and that it's easier to get people to work for you when the job outlook is deteriorating? How should we think of that improvement?
Paul Shelby Amos II - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think it's a direct correlation to the fact that our success in recruiting has led to new agents going out and working extremely hard in the marketplace. I think the fact that our average weekly producer number is up and our recruiting is up, yet our premium is not up to that same level, says that the average consumer is not purchasing at the level that they once were. They are being slightly more conservative within the policies that they are buying. But overall the number of new account that are new agents as well as our veteran agents are opening Eric, is tremendous. And I'm very happy with those numbers and so what I can tell you is and I have used this analogy before, we are buying shelf space for the future. And so I think our new agents are doing exactly what we want. I think when this economy turns and people begin to purchase more insurance than they are purchasing today, we're going to see those new agents as well our veteran agents be very successful with a lot of access to future businesses. So I am very excited about some of the underlying things that I am seeing.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thank you. I'll wait for the answer from Ralph.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is about $80 million Eric.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: John Nadel of Sterne Agee, you may ask your question.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hi, good morning. I have a question on the U.S. Understanding that the visibility has got to be very difficult given the economic outlook. But I was wondering if you could just give us a sense for any expectations you have with respect to U.S. sales and more importantly maybe than that is for U.S. persistency. Could you maybe talk about what you've seen happen over the course of past U.S. recessions with respect to the persistency levels in the U.S. And if persistency would fall, how much flexibility do you have for instance on the G&A line or in other places to keep margins intact, if sales in the top line slow?
Paul Shelby Amos II - President and Chief Operating Officer: U.S. persistency's remained consistent. I'll let Kriss talk about the G&A effect.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: It is consistent but, Paul, consistent sort of across 15, sort of your period or is it... does it tend to fluctuate or move down during economic weakness or is that a time when the product is that much more important to the consumer and maybe persistency even tends to improve.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we've never seen material change in persistency in response to economic conditions, either favorable or unfavorable.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. So more of a sales issue then?
Paul Shelby Amos II - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I think that's right. People in distressed times tend to want to hold on to whatever insurance they have. It's kind of a last thing to go in many cases. So, we just haven't observed that in the whole period of time I've been around half life which has been a long time.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And then so it's really then just a matter of... can sales hold up enough to keep the top line growing at a reasonable pace to grow the earnings. Right?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes. I think that's correct. And we do have some flexibility in managing our expenses. We certainly have variable expenses for the most part of our all agent compensations directly variable with premiums, with G&A, has a number of elements of discretionary spending and that could be adjusted. Though we are trying real hard not to cut into a muscle as we do this. We're taking a hard look at budgets for 2009 and trying to make sure our expenses are growing. Unless in the light of growth of our anticipated premium income and of course with... we really had a strong fallout in the sales in response to severe economic conditions, we'd have to make some adjustments. But we are not at that point yet.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President and Chief Operating Officer: I want to further comment on the outlook for sales. While I can't give specific numbers, what I can tell you, I returned last week from our National Convention for Sales, more than 1500 of our top sales people from around the country. And among them the momentum remained extremely strong. They are positive, they do recognize the difficulty of the economy, but they also recognize the extreme need for our products, both by businesses as well as by individuals. The other thing I can tell you is that we do know the gas prices both affect our agent and affect our consumers. And the fact that gas is continuing to drop and if it holds, I think it will have an effect on the average person and their ability to purchase certain things. I think the fear around the price of gas has been something that's affected and I have continued to hear through our enrollments and questions we've had. At $64 a barrel or whatever it was this morning, that's a positive sign for me of some of the people that are purchasing our products and one of the things that we'll see in the future.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: That's good color, thanks Paul. And then maybe just one more quick one. Just more strategic maybe for you Dan is despite the fact that the stock is down, everything is down and your relative multiple is still significantly strong. I mean is this... I know it's not... I know it's not an Aflac's character, but is this not maybe an opportunity for you to take advantage of that and grow the company via acquisition?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think right now we're going to hold capital and just continue to watch and at a later date we may look at something. We always try to look but every time we do our main responsibility as you know is to protect the shareholders' interest. And we weigh it against buying the stock back, increasing the debt cash dividend and we'll look at it and see. We've looked at a lot of companies over the years, but acquisition is not our specialty. We're probably not going to be as good at it as somebody else. But, at the same time if there is a steal out there in terms of an acquisition, we are going to look at it. And that's why we were going to look at Alico is see what the price was. If it was a very high price, then we weren't interested, if it was a very reasonable price because of our understanding of Japan, we were willing to look at it. So... but I think right now we just want to get through these uncertain times with the global economy. I think we again are well positioned. And our operations are doing extremely well. I mean, we basically... I mean, who do you know that can say that can almost guarantee a 15% in operating earnings per share for this year. And then next year is 13% to 15%. And when you've got that going for you, I'm just reluctant to look at any acquisition when you've got a burden at hand at this particular point. And we feel like we have that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: I understand your point. I just wouldn't sell yourself short, very few are good at acquisitions.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Thanks.
Operator: Our last question today comes from Suneet Kamath of Sanford Bernstein. You may ask your questions.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thanks. Not to beat a dead horse, but I did want to comeback to the hybrid securities issue. In your comment you'd said a couple of times that you've really market this down. I mean if I literally just take the $191 million of losses and sort of gross that are up for taxes and then compare it to the... close to $8 billion on the balance sheet, it only look like a write-down of about 3.7%. So, you might just thinking about it wrong, I just want to understand when you say you've really marked down; how you arrive at that conclusion? And if you are related to it, Kriss, if the FASB reverses its course now in terms of how it treat these instruments, would you be looking at a write-up of the $191 million that you took in the third quarter at some point in the future?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I feel certain that would not be permitted. It's not in the nature of accounts that allow you to write things up once they are written down. So we'd have to wait till we collected the cash. I am going to let Jerry address the marks. I would say just stop till the time I hear the tier I as securities have been marked down a lot more than upper tier II.
Jerry Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Suneet, this... I think the point of the comment was is it now that the entire hybrid portfolio is contained in the available for sale classification; their fair values are already reflected on the balance sheet and equity.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President and Chief Operating Officer: Remember though that the key is bringing up is the impairment that we have taken. Now that doesn't reflect the markdown of the entire portfolio. That only speaks to securities we've impaired. To markdown the portfolio is considerably larger than that. So the 97% is actually not an accurate number.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Are there anymore question?
Operator: At this time we show no further questions.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We sure appreciate you joining us today. If you do have any follow-up, please feel free to call Robin or my self on the toll free line and we'll be happy to talk to you. Thank you. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 21:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth S. Janke Jr. - Sr. VP, IR Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and CEO Paul Shelby Amos II - President of Aflac, COO - U.S. Operations W. Jeremy "Jerry" Jeffery - Sr. VP and Chief Investment Officer Tohru Tonoike - President, COO, Aflac Japan Kriss Cloninger III - President, CFO, and Treasurer
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Colin Devine - Citigroup Takaaki Matsumoto - Sr. VP, Director of Marketing for Japan Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kenneth S. Janke Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everybody and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and COO of our U.S. Operations; Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer. Also from Japan, we are joined by Tohru Tonoike who is President and COO of Aflac, Japan and with him is Takaaki Matsumoto and Hisayuki Shinkai. You know that Matsumoto's son is in charge of sales, Shinkai's son is charge of banks and Charles Lake, the Chairman of Aflac Japan is also with him. Before we start, let me refer you to the Safe Harbor language. I would like to point out that some of the statements in this conference call this morning are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws, although we believe these statements are reasonable. We can give you no assurance they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those that we discuss today. I encourage you to look at our quarterly press release for some of various risk factors that could materially impact our future results. Now, I'll turn the program over to Dan, who will talk about our quarter and outlook for the balance of the year in the United States and Japan. I will follow up with some financial highlights and then we would be happy to take your questions. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ken. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Let me start out by saying that I remain pleased with Aflac's financial performance. Our financial results for the second quarter and the first half of 2008 met or exceeded our expectations in both the United States and Japan. However from a sales perspective, I had expected Japan's, Aflac Japan's sales to produce better growth in the quarter, but I still believe that we can achieve our sales objective for the year. Most important, I continue to believe we are well positioned to achieve our objective for operating earnings per share for this year and 2009. Let me share some more thoughts about the quarter beginning without Aflac, Japan. It's the leading contributor to our consolidated financial statement, we were very satisfied with Alfa Japan's operating results in second quarter of 2008. Our top line was consistent with our budget for the year and the benefit ratio continued to improve as we expected. The persistency of our business was strong and we again produced solid pre-tax earnings growth. You may remember from the first quarter comments that we anticipated slower sales growth in the second quarter compared with Aflac Japan's 5% increase in the first quarter. In part that was because I knew how aggressively Aflac Japan pushed at the end of March. I felt that they had written some business in the first quarter that would otherwise occurred in the second quarter. Even though I believe second quarter sales results would be slower than the first quarter, I did not think we would have positive sales results. Instead, total new annualized premium sales declined 4.9% to 28.7 billion yen in the quarter. For the first six months new sales were $56.3 billion or 0.3% below the first half of 2007. One of the reasons for the sales decline was weaker cancer insurance sales than we anticipated. Cancer insurance sales in the second quarter of 2007 exceeded 10.8 billion yen and were the strongest that we have seen in a longtime. You may recall that cancer insurance sales a year ago benefited from a rush to purchase the product before the premium rate increase took effect. So we knew we were going be up against tough compressions. In addition our agents have been aggressively focused on selling our lower premium cancer upgrade product since March of this year. This separate policy bridge the coverage from the old product and our new Cancer Forte type product with daily out patient benefit and annuity for newly diagnoses patients and canceling in doctor referral benefits. This cancer upgrade policy has allowed us to leverage our policy holder base to increase sales. In the second quarter, we sold 94,500 of these upgrade policies. However, the average premium was much lower at 27,000 yen compared with the Cancer Forte average premium of about 50,500 yen per policy. We now realize, we must go back and concentrate on selling Cancer Forte, rather than upgrade policies which we will do. The good news is that the medical sales were up 8.7% for the second quarter and 13% for the first six months. Medical sales have benefited from Gentle EVER, our non standard medical product that we begin selling in August of 2007. Gentle EVER contributed 1.2 billion yen in sales or approximately 13% of the medial sales in the quarter. While we know this product appeals to a relatively narrow segment of the population, we've been pleased with the opportunity to extend our reach to new consumers and further segment the market for medical insurance. It's certainly been one component in our medical sales recovery. We continue to believe that sales of cancer and medical insurance will benefit from the new distribution channel, and we remain encouraged about the opportunities to sell through a significant number of banks in Japan. By the end of June, Aflac had already secured agreements with 154 banks to sell our products out of a total of 402 banks. That's a much greater number of selling agreements than our competitors, and it's more than we initially expected. In the second quarter, we sold 680 million yen in new business through the bank channel which is a 146.4% increase over the first quarter. In fact, June sales through the bank channel were greater than the entire first quarter. Although that's the tremendous increase over the first quarter Bank sales, we'd expected sales from the Bank channel to do even better. We believe slower than expected growth to this new channel primarily reflects the ongoing conservatism of some banks due to the regulatory environment. We're still very excited about the prospects of bank sales, because banks that have been introduced to our products are doing very well. In addition, we will begin selling the product through the bank channel in October. Also in response to the needs of banks, we developed a single premium product called which has been approved for the sales on this product called Santiso [ph] which has been approved for the sale by the FSA. This product provides lump sum payments upon the diagnosis of cancer, heart attack or stroke. It also has debt benefits. In addition, we have are very pleased that the national association of Shinkin banks has endorsed our Gentle EVER and weighs products to the membership of the 280 Shinkin banks. As I've said before, I believe bank sales in the fourth quarter should be 10 times the amount we rote in the first quarter. I still believe that's the case, and I expect the momentum in the bank channels to build in 2009 as well. Overall, we are confident in this channel and fully expect it to meet out long-term expectations. We're also looking forward to the opportunities to sell Cancer Forte products through our agreement with Japan Post Network. As I am sure you are aware where Japan Bus chose Aflac as the cancer insurance provider through their network company. Initially, we expected to sale through about 300 postal outlets almost... also beginning on October the first of this year. Next month, we will begin training 5000 Japan post workers. Needles to say, we continue to believe this is a great opportunity for both Japan Post and Aflac. I am sure most of you are aware that the FSA's recent issues of the business improvement order to the top 10 Japanese life insurance companies. We were very surprised and disappointed to receive an order, even though they are common. The order requires the company to enhance the process and then to report on the progress to the FSA. We took exception to the business improvement order because we believe it was unfair and unjust. We feel this for several reasons. First, Aflac Japan was one of few companies able to complete the five year claims review process by the date... deadline required by the FSA. Second, our average rate was low compared with others in the industry. During the five year review period we assessed more than 4.2 million benefit payments and determined that our average rate was 0.47%, which means that 99.53 of the benefits were paid properly. Since then we have lowered the average rate by half and we expect it to get even lower. Third, we are in close contact with the FSA throughout the process and completed all promised measures on schedule to correct the problem and to prevent reoccurrence. In our opinion it appears that in issuing the business improvement order, the FSA focused on the absolute number of cases and the overall yen amount associated with those cases, rather the considering the companies real average rate. On a positive side there was limited media coverage of the business improvement order and we do not expect any material impact on the business. Perhaps and most importantly this should now put the claims issue behind the industry Our marketing team in Japan has plans in place and all of Japan's offices or all of part of their bonus is tied to achieving 3 to 7% increases in sales for the year. Although our sales objective for the year is going to be more challenging then we initially thought, I believe we will achieve it. Now let me turn to our business in the United States, the top line of Aflac U.S. was consistent with the expectations and pre-tax earnings were better than our target. We were also pleased to see an improvement in persistency over the first quarter. Total new annualized premium sales were up 4.9% to 383 million. Although sales were below our annual target rate of 8% to 12% for the second quarter. I was encouraged to see a significant improvement following a very weak first quarter. For the first six months, total new annualized premium sales increased 2.6% to 736 million. We continue to be pleased with expansion our sales force. New age of recruitment has been solid this year and the second quarter we recruited more than 6700 new associates an increase of 4.2% for the six months recruits were up 6.3%. The average number of weekly producing sales associates also increased 6.3% in the second quarter after being up only 0.2% in the first quarter. We believe our success in increasing the number of producing sales associates has resulted from an enhanced training program and we've been implementing over the last few years. In addition to growth of our sales force the key indicators we used to measure our sales force activities continues to be very positive. For example the number of new payroll accounts rose 10.1% in the second quarter, following, an 8.5% increase in the first quarter. The growth of payroll accounts opened by new agents rose a very strong 20.3% in the second quarter. Production from new associates was also very positive, rising 12% in the second quarter. That leads us to believe that the fundamental approach to building and training an affective distribution team is still working and we continued it to be our main focus. I believe our strong payroll account growth suggest that employers are better understanding the benefits, Aflac brings to the table. They are seeing how Aflac's product help to provide health care options to there workers at an affordable price. We believe the improved acceptance of employers has benefited from the advertising message and also the new business to business initiatives; we discussed that the annuals meeting in May. And we are looking at the consumers buying pattern. The average revenue was premium per new customer is up for the first half of this year compared with the year ago. However during the same period, fewer employees took out coverage when we enrolled the new pay roll account, which is a problem and we are addressing it through better training. The obvious question is whether our new sales have been impacted by the slower economy. I think it's very safe to assume that some of our policy holders, potential customers and sales associates are feeling the pain of the current environment. Obviously we have operated in the challenging economics before. But it's been a long time since consumers have added deal with such short increases in gasoline and food prices. However, we don't believe this means that our fortunes are exclusively tied to the business cycle. As you've heard me say before, I believe the need for our products is actually more compelling when the economy weakens, because the financial risk to the household becomes more pronounced. The risks of serious illness or accidents don't change with the business cycle. But coping with rising household expenses, even more of a drain on the family's finances when a healthcare occur... event occurs. That's exactly where our products can provide value to the average American household. In this environment, it's up to us to understand the circumstances that existing and potential customers are facing and make sure that our message is appropriate and our products are affordable. We now that people don't wake up in the morning, and suddenly come to the realization that they need an extra layer of protection, especially in this challenging economy. It's our job to identify potential customers and inform them of the possible risk and then help mitigate those risks through the sale our products. You will recall that we held a national training day for our field force in the first quarter to intensify and coordinate our message in this current economy. One of the adjectives of that day was to train our sales force on how to sell our products in a weak economy. We have incorporated that message into our ongoing field training. Earlier this month, we released a commercial that speaks directly to the challenges consumers face and why Aflac's products are important in this type economy. We're doing what we believe is appropriate to support our sales force and customizing our training and tools to suit the current needs. While the weak economy, would have made it more challenging to sell, it's actually made it easier to recruit. The reason is that when unemployment people cannot find salary jobs, they are willing to try commissions that they normally would have not done. As I mentioned in the press release, it will clearly be difficult to achieve the minimum of 8% for this year when we need 12.5% for the second half. However, I can assure you that our sales director and eight territory directors are all pushing hard to improve the sales result so they can make a bonus. Importantly, we continue to believe that the U.S. market is perfectly suited to our business. There are literally millions of potential payroll accounts and tens on millions of potential customers that can benefit from our products. On a consolidated basis, I'm pleased with our overall financial position. Clearly there's been a lot of investor focused on the balance sheet of financial companies recently, which is certainly something that we understand. I'm proud that Aflac's balance sheet was marked by highly rated investments. Despite the turmoil of the capital markets, we are confident that our time tested investment approach remains prudent and effective in the current environment. Even though we have seen a sharp rise in unrealized losses on the fixed income investments, they have primarily resulted from the widening of credits for it. Remember, that a widening of spreads benefits our income statement as we invest huge cash flows in Japan at a more attractive investment yields. Our outlook for this year remains 14% to 15% increase in operating per diluted share, before the effect of foreign currency. I have a high degree of confidence that we can achieve that target and we hope to grow with a high end of the range this year. As I mentioned in our analyst meeting in May, our modeling suggest that 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share excluding the currency is reasonable goal for 2009. I am still focused on increasing operating earnings per share by at least 15% excluding the impact of through yen from my first 20 years of Chief Executive Officer. Beyond those 20 years, I still think we can produce another ten years of double-digit earnings growth. As we look to the future, we believe our strong earnings growth will continue to exemplify our underlying earnings tower of our insurance operations in the United States and Japan. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying access capital in way that benefits our shareholders. Ken? C: Kenneth S. Janke Jr.: Well thank you Dan. Let me just briefly go through some of the second quarter numbers beginning with Aflac Japan. Starting at the top line in yen terms, of revenues were 2.9% for the quarter. Investment income was down 0.7%, due primarily the impact of stronger yen on Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income. If you exclude the effect of the stronger yen, investment income was actually up 5% on a currency neutral basis. Of the annualized persistency rate excluding the annuities was 94.5% compared with 94.7 in the first half of 2007, that was consistent with our expectation. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio continued to improve over last year. It was 61.9% in the quarter compared with 63.7% a year ago and excluding the impact from the weaker excuse me, the stronger Yen on investment income the benefit ratio was 61.5%. The expense ratio for the quarter was 19.9%, up from 18.9 in 2007. The higher expense ratio was budgeted and therefore expected and the increase primarily reflected additional marketing expenses, especially for ongoing preparation on the bank channel and increased IT expenses. Reflecting the lower benefit ratio and the higher expense ratio, the margin rows from 17.4% to 18.2% in the quarter. With the expansion of the margin, free cash, earnings were up 7.5% for the quarter in Yen and again excluding the impact of the stronger Yen-on-dollar denominated investment income, pre tax earnings were up 11.1% in the quarter. On the investment side, yields in Japan were a bit higher than they were in the first quarter. For instance, looking at the index of 20 year JGB's, the yields averaged 2.24% in the second quarter, up from 2.08% in the first quarter. The compounded yield for 20 year JGB right now is about 2.26%. For the quarter invested our cash flow in Yen securities at an average rate of 3.27%, including dollars the blended rate was 3.46%. Our portfolio yield at the end of June was 398, that's down 1 basis point from the end of March and 11 basis points lower that a year ago. The overall credit quality of the portfolio remains very high. On a consolidated basis securities rated double BB or lower are only 1.9% if the end of June, which was unchanged since the end of March. We did have one small addition to our below investment credit holdings in the quarter that was Sprint Capital Corp. That was down grade and had an amortized cost of $24 million. Turing the Aflac U.S., total revenues were up 8.4% in the quarter. The annualized persistency rate for the six months was 73.1% which was up significantly from the first quarter and only down slightly from a year ago. Looking at the operating ratios for the Aflac U.S., the benefit ratio was 52.8% in the quarter, compared with 53.1% a year ago. The expense ratio was unchanged at 31.3, therefore the profit margin increased to 15.9% compared with 15.6 a year ago. As a result pre-tax operating earnings for Aflac U.S. were up 11.1% in the quarter. In terms of U.S. investments the new money yield for the quarter was 729, up from 651 a year ago. The yield on the portfolio at the end of June was 7.04%, up 3 basis points from the first quarter in the year ago. Looking at some other line items for the quarter, excluding FAS 115, the ratio of debts to total capital was 15.9% at the end of June, a little change from the 16.0% of a year ago. Non insurance interest expense in the quarter was $6 million, compared to $5 million a year ago. In the company and another unallocated expenses, were $11 million in the quarter, up from $5 million a year ago. That increase primarily reflected a reduction in retirement expense in 2007 and then lower investment income in 2008 at the parent company level. On a consolidated basis that pre-tax operating profit margin rose from 16.6% to 17.2%. The after tax margin also increased, rising from 10.9% to 11.2%. The tax rate, as we expected was little changed, and was 34.7 versus 34.6 a year ago. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share rose 23.2% to a $1 that was consistent with the guidance we had given on our first quarter call. The stronger Yen increased operating earnings by $0.08 per share in the quarter and $.013 for the first six months of the year. So excluding the Yen's impact, operating earnings per share were up 13.4% for both the quarter and the first six months. Lastly let me comment on the outlook for the year. AS Dan mentioned we have reaffirmed our target of 14 to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share, before the impact of the Yen for 2008. That would translate to a target of $3.73 to $3.76, assuming the exact same average exchange rate as we experienced in 2007. However, as you now the yen is clearly much stronger than it was a year ago. And if the yen is averages 105 to 110 for the full year, we would expect reported earnings per share to be $3.86 to $3.98 on a diluted basis for 2008. Under that same yen scenario, third quarter operating earnings per share would likely be $0.98 to $1.01 per diluted share. The first call estimate this morning was a $1.01. For 2009, our objective is a 13 to 15% increase in operating earnings per diluted share before the impact at the yen. We would like to make sure that everyone has a chance to ask a question this morning, so please let limit yourself to one question, so that we can be faired everyone and we'll try to give back with you if you have additional questions. Christine, we'd now be happy open it up and take some questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you, good morning. In the U.S. you ideally issued that as perhaps the economic weakness driving this outflow, your original forecast, are you seeing the sales particularly weak and the states more economically prone. And if it is the weakness in the economic do you think sales to come under pressure, shouldn't we also be concerned that you your persistence say in the U.S. could also come into pressure in the coming quarters. Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well. First of all, our persistency improved in the U.S., which I think shows the need for our products even more so this quarter. But I'll let Paul answer that.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: I agree with Dan, I think they persist... from a persistency standpoint, we are going to see some strength. And it is to your question about where we are seeing the sales, it's just like we have seen traditionally across this country. There are operations throughout the United States who are doing better than other operations. There is no particular area in the country, the North East to California have been hit particular hard by the economic situation, they are doing any worse than anywhere else. So I believe that we are still showing some consistency. I mean again we are up 4.9% and while that is not within the targeted where we want to be, it is not significantly off where the numbers that we have projected for the year at least on a quarterly basis. So I feel like we've got some refining to do and we will continue to get better. But the overall sales are consistent throughout the country with some good, some bad and some in between.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine from Citigroup.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Good morning. I got just two quick things. First, first on the investment portfolio you talked a lot about quality. But I'm looking at the forward position the unrealized losses doubled year-to-date, by your own kind of threading it what... of what its either like to 62%. At what point, are we going to seeing an impairment of this, how far does it have to go before you finally start to write it down. Then secondly, for Dan, I appreciate your comments on Japanese sales, as I am looking at the numbers today, it seems to me that channeled to zero and once again its your affiliated corporate agencies where their second quarter sales are the lowest and at least six years and may in fact be the lowest ever, because you only gave them split back out for the last six years, are we back to where we were two years ago when you you're your comments on the call?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think the corporate... this is Dan. I will start with and then let Jerry follow up. The corporate agencies had the biggest increase in the second quarter of '07, that they had in long time. They were the ones that were the most affected by the rate increase that was to take place on the cancer sales. They are the ones that went to all their policy holders and immediately added the additional cancer part to the rate increase. So from that perspective. But to your point, I am not satisfied with the corporate agencies. They are actually being hurt as we create new channels, because the new channels will actually go in for example, the banks will actually be selling to customers which in essence is an indirect run at the corporate agencies and if they are not finding a way to penetrate their market that they have, then in essence, either through postal or through banks, we will be they'll be going at their customers another way. So it's actually hurting them that they are not doing that and what our challenge has been is to convince that bureaucracy that's over there to do that. So Collin, your point is well taken, but I do believe that they can either do it themselves or through other distribution channels, these customers will have an opportunity to buy a policy one way or another through one of our distribution channels. So by adding these new channels, we are in essence making another way of getting to those potential customers within the corporate agency structure.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Or isn't that another way, this organic thing that you're just cannibalizing, your existing sales. I mean I think the point is the second quarter is traditionally your second best in the year. And pointing at in fact at last year's boost, the fact is, this is the worth sales they put up in at least six years and may be the last ten, and you just don't give the number to back that product. And it seems that we are back where you nailed it two years ago, that there is real problem in the channel and I what I am hearing is now is, it's not going to get really any better. You may take up the sales somewhere else, but this channel has not turned around.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: Colin, Paul. I agree with you the sales channel has not turned around, I also agree with you that the numbers have not improved other than last year at this time and all I can tell you, it this we continue to work on that and find ways to do it and I am very unhappy. Maybe, Aflac Japan would like to make a comment on this. I have them on the line and let's -- I have already spoken to this issues several times with them in most recent weeks. And so maybe they'd like to comment on the corporate agency structure for one second.
Unidentified Company Representative: And in the interest of time, we have last told her to speak for Mr. Matsumoto, so we don't have to go through a translation second.
Takaaki Matsumoto - Senior Vice President, Director of Marketing for Japan: Yes, I agree with Dan and both corporate agencies have been affected by the factors which Dan mentioned just a few minutes ago. I totally agree with everything Dan said. In addition to that corporate agencies have been affected for years by the social change which is taking place in Japan in which the people are not so strongly attached to the companies as they used to be, and also the people have other places to buy insurance other than their lock-sides [ph]. So that has been the first half that have reviews about the corporate agency sales. Having said that I also agree with Dan that, in saying that they have huge a market and the huge customer base. So point... the question is the how and when they could find a way to change their business the way... they do business so about so that they can be more... they can fit to the current environment. That's challenge we have been facing and that we've been trying hard, but still I think we are not very successful yet.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I Colin I will say this, I will not quit on this issue and if necessary I am going to take some of these accounts away from some of the corporate agencies in terms of existing policy orders and mail out them or do something, but long-term I am going to let these potential customers just sit there without people being called on. So one way or another we are going to get to them over the next year or so, but I have tried to do it tactfully, but at some point I might have to do it with pressure.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Thank you Dan I appreciate the comments.
W. Jeremy "Jerry" Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Colin, Hi it's Jerry Jeffery. To your question about Ford Motor Company [ph], I assume you were referring to the company. We... let me just refer you first of all to our impairment policy, which is very clear. We will and have in the past written down and subsequently sold any investment, where we thought there was significant risk that we would not receive our principal and interest on time and in full. As you probably know, we have four or five material below investment grade positions, and we have spend an outsized amount of time looking at each one and we have regular reports that beyond that and those things really consume a great deal of our time And our view on Ford has not changed. We still... I don't want to get into a credit discussion on Ford specifically, but our overall view remains that we expect to receive our payment in full and on time. Did I answer your question?
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Suneet Kamath, from Sanford Bernstein.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks, just another question on cancer sales that you'd mentioned that you are seeing this impact of some more of these upgrade sales as oppose to new policy sales and that's impacting your results. Can you talk specifically about what you are doing to try to reverse that, get more new policy sold as oppose to upgrades and then just related to that, there was pretty big drop off it seems in terms of contribution from Dai-ichi, can you talk about what's going on in that channel? Thanks.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: I'll mentioned Dai-ichi, Dai-ichi came in exactly where they told us they would. So, we knew that they were going to concentrate on another product. So, they are not out of line with what we anticipated. As far as the cancer, I am going to let Tohru in and talk about it. But I want to mention had the cancer products instead of selling the radar, had they sold those 94,000 been the full cancer product, our sales would have been up 2.7%. So it just gives us an idea of what impact it had, Tohru?
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. We are now trying to refocus our agents to sell the Cancer Forte product rather than the upgrade product. We are doing... trying to do so by basically two measures. One is that we are going to increase our direct mails and the hot calls which is our calls to the policy holders. Sell to PKs and try to reduce that involvement of our agents, human resources in selling upgrade product, and at the same time we are trying to make more associates to say that Cancer Forte product by providing that rebate in... for about 2004, 2000 Yen per policy. And we are going to run the campaign for that purpose. And we are trying to encourage that associates to increase the number of the prospective customers and also increase the level of their approach to those prospective customers. In addition, we are tying to help that corporate agency by providing the opportunities of alliance with individual, our agents so that they can have a better capability to reach their prospective customers.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Just on those alliance, I mean I think you have talked that in the past and I am not so sure that they have been successful or is there something that you're changing that would make that more successful going forward?
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: I think that never though it hasn't changed yet. But we are trying to find out the individual agent which will be more useful to the corporate agents. So we are trying to find a better field than before.
Suneet Kamath - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Hey good morning. If I may just as a follow up to that last question. I need to understand could there is going to be a rebate on a product or something like that.
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. We are going to provide a 2000 Yen rebate for every cancer policy that our associates would sell.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, so that's a. that's going to go to the associates or that's going to go to the contract holder?
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay.
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: To the associates, our agents.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: So we are in fact that you are going to be increasing at least temporarily commissions on subject.
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: That's correct.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But be clear of one thing. We satisfied X amount of money every quarter, every year for contests et cetera. All of this will fall within the guidelines of us making our earnings per share. and our overall earnings in Japan. So it won't have any impact on that.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay. Very good. I understand that, just to stick with this topic then, I don't get it and Dan, maybe you can explain the salesman's mind to us. I understand that it's an easy sale, doing this upgrade product, certainly you are going back to people who have a product that was last upgraded or created in 2001.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: And by the way, I wonder if the corporate agencies were very, very important in this upgrade things, since they seemed to be the lions share of sales back then. So I am wondering about that, but also I mean the commission is going to be significantly lower. So these guys sell more, but they are going to make less, I would assume even if they sell more. It doesn't make sense to me. So I am trying to figure out the mindset of these guys, even if they could sell more, they are still going to making less, so why do it?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well one reason you are doing it is just to help the policyholder themselves.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Policyholders have less coverage and at time of claims you want to make sure they have the best possible coverage out there. So part of it is a responsibility on the agents part to simply make sure our customers have the right coverage. So it's true that the commission is the driver. And I am sure what a lot of them are doing it for that reason. Again, one of the flaws in our corporate agency structure is that most of the corporate agencies are salaried people. The corporate agencies keep all the money and so they make a little bonus. But as is a general rule, it done... it's not the same as you see our individual sales force or our other or our small agency sales force, where commissions are really are the driver.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: So then does it in fact follow that lot of work that you saw in terms of the selling of these upgrade came from the corporate agencies?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Tohru, can you just add some more comment on what you think about that question?
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes, just one moment. Yes, I think Matsumoto beliefs, Matsumoto importing this many associates. Matsumoto feels that many associates have started to realize that they have been shifting their attention too much to the upgrade policies and they realize that I our premium they are obtaining and also therefore, their commissions are decreasing. Therefore, many of them have started to increase that preparation for the cancer products by themselves, and we expect that in August, they are trying to... they make that sales efforts to almost three times more than they did last year of the same month.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, that's good information, but it didn't quite get to the question.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The question Tohru is the corporate agencies responsible for a lot of the sales of the upgraded policy.
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes, that's about... let's see, yes more than half... that's represents more than half of the upgrade policy.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay. All right, that's good information. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. Of the banks with whom you partnered, what percentage of them were actually making material contributions to sales at this point?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Tohru?
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes, the sink [ph] item reported to me that the currently that above 13 institutions, which represents about 20% of total number selling, about 80% from the total sales.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right and then the strategy for giving the other, I guess the balance of those banks, did that ramp up their sales?
Tohru Tonoike - President, Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes, actually the things that we have planned to do, going forward and we have been increased the trainings given to those banks. And by providing them the examples of the banks which are have been successful. There are few banks which have been very successful. There are few banks which have been very successful in the second quarter. So, we took their model and teach those models to the other banks, so that they can learn and start studying quickly.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg from Lehman Brothers.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. I was hoping we could revisit Dan, or Paul. Your comment about sort of what's happening to the average American family and how this slowdown in the economy affects the attractiveness of your products? I mean I would think that would be exactly the opposite of what you are saying, and since I would think that a family has, a middle-income family, I mean you are not selling to the poor, you are not selling to the wealthy in this country. You are selling to middle-income families. I would think the way it works is that most families have budget for necessity use and from many families, I suppose not all, but many families to have the necessity, got to drive to work in many cases. And you have got to cool your house and heat your homes. I would think they have a budget for necessities, including food that we need necessity costs go up. Discretionary expenditures such as yours get crowded out, and yet if I understood your points early, your prepared remarks. This situation increases the attractiveness of your products. Help me sort of think this through, because I am not getting your point earlier about the economy and the attractiveness of your products. Thank you.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We will go ahead to that. The fact of the matter is that the more mud more disposable income, someone's forced to spend on necessities such as gas, food, any of the sort. The less money they are putting away in terms of savings. The fact of the matter is majority of Americans today are self-insuring themselves against the financial and the non-medical related cost of an accident orders [ph]. That exactly for a nominal amount that what we are insuring them against. So, I think people more than ever realize that they could be in bankruptcy as a result of our healthcare issue, if they don't have our types of products. I think that is shown directly by the fact of the people who are purchasing our products; they are purchasing more than they ever have. And we're seeing increases in terms of the average premium per customer. Additionally, business is which is the key means that which we offer our products are offering our products at a record pace. Our new account growth is up tremendously. We are having new agents come on being more successful than they have ever been. So I think from all facets, you are seeing that the American consumer and the American business environment is accepting of our products, and sees the need for them and I only think that's going to continue to grow.
Kenneth S. Janke Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: At the same time Eric, Eric this is Ken. Dan did mention and Paul did mention on our first quarter call that when we open up a new account, the people that are buying, are buying actually a little bit more than they did last year. But we are seeing fewer enroll. And that's entirely to your point that people... there is some buyer resistance at some point from people that feel they just can't afford it at this time.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: However, that small penetration in an accounts represents and opportunity for us to go back, when there is complete stabilization and really what we are buying is shelf space for the future with a greater opportunity.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darin Arita from Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Just a question going back to the affiliated corporate agencies. I guess then a little surprise that I guess we are attributing some of this decline here to the new distribution channels when the share of the affiliated corporate agency, as the percent of the total sales is pretty much unchanged at 35% from the first quarter and it's pretty much inline. But the full year of '07 and up from full year '06, isn't the decline here really a function of 39% share they had in the second quarter of last year that spike up there?
Paul Shelby Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: Absolutely. If you are looking at the year-over-year growth, it's more attributable as Dan pointed out, that sharp rise they had last year, the second quarter is one of the best quarters they have had. So, you are absolutely right. Not much has changed on their overall contributions, which also means it hasn't improved.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: So, can we really conclude that the new distribution channels are cannibalizing your sales here?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let's just go back a minute and talk about overall sales in Japan. And I just want to make sure we keep everything in perspective. First of all, I would have hoped that sales would have been flat or up a couple of percent. Now, we were down roughly five. So we are talking about 5... we are up about 5% to 7%. I knew we were going against a tough comparison. And I know that going into the second quarter, I am going... excuse me, the third quarter, I am going to be going against the easy comparison, because cancer sales drop off dramatically. I mean they just fall off the table. So, I know that I have got those going forward. So I just hope that is you analyze and I certainly appreciate your ability to analyze that you realize that the third quarter is when we should see a lot of improvement. We just happen to have the prior rate increase enormous sales in the second quarter and then we'll have the other to follow. I think our distribution channel model has evolved over the last seven or eight, almost ten years with corporate agencies, becoming less and less. It used to be 80%, 90% of our sales. Like you said, it is now in the 30s and last year it spiked up. It only spiked up last year, because of the rate increase that was going to go into affect. I think all along that the sales of the corporate agencies will stay at about the percentage that it's been and it will move lower as the other new channels come on board and will add more, as postal takes hold in the fourth quarter and as the banks grow, just like it did with Diege Life [ph]. So I think those things will continue to change going forward. I do expect us to me our objective for the entire year, which is in the 3% to 7% range. I do think it's tough or frankly I thought five was probably easy to do. Now, I think it's tough and I think that three is more inline. But I do believe we will achieve that. So, I don't know if I answered your questions specifically, but if I didn't tell me it again and I will try to say it.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank: No. That was very helpful. Thank you, Dan.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: This is Kriss Cloninger. Just like the Aflac One comment on this. In the past, the term cannibalization has been used when the sale of the new product replaces an existing product. In other words, it causes the lapse of the existing product to be replaced by a new product and there is no net affect on the company. In our case here, we are shifting from one distribution outlet to another. But there is a still a net increase in our overall in-force. And, I just want to make that point for that to be clear. I think cannibalization is a pretty... it has a negative connotation that I'm not sure is fully deserved in this case.
Kenneth S. Janke Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Christine?
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Mike Swarenski [ph] calling in for Tom. Can you guys refresh us when most of your bonds as far as those health and maturity. I think most of your competitors hold them as available for sale?
W. Jeremy "Jerry" Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes. This is Jerry Jeffery speaking. There are a couple of reasons for that. One is the that because we have a very, very high persistency rate, particularly in Japan. Our cash flow is a) very predictable and b) very robust. So, we can focus more on asset liability matching in the decisions we make on investing. Therefore, we tend do invest at the duration of our portfolio is significantly longer than our peers in Japan. Because we focus a lot more on asset liability matching. As a result, it is their intention to hold these two maturity and our past history has demonstrated that we, in fact, it is unheard for us too. Well, it is extremely rare for us to move in securities from held-to-maturity to available-for-sale and we typically only do it, if gets downgraded to below investment grade. And then the lions share does gets resale.
Unidentified Analyst: So, is there any approval required for that, or it's just based on your decision?
W. Jeremy "Jerry" Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: There is no approval required there. It has to be some consistency though applied or otherwise. It is deemed to be attain to your portfolio. If you are putting Southern held maturity and then moving it out from those consistent reason.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
W. Jeremy "Jerry" Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: And there and you demonstrate over a period of time that held-to-maturity securities are in fact just that. And the regulatory values typically are okay with it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
W. Jeremy "Jerry" Jeffery - Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Yes.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Again Kriss Cloninger. I wanted to offer a comment. When we price products we impulsively guaranty an investment return to the policy covers. And as long as we can make investments sort of going to meet those guaranties than they are more satisfied we've covered our obligations. So we don't need to move securities around during the life of the contract to do that. And that's one of the things that's driven our operating practices overtime. And when we have substantial unrealized gains in our portfolio, we still held those securities to maturity. We did not think that we would take advantage of the unrealized gains by liquidating the securities and reinvesting in lower yield rates. Similarly, today we don't feel compelled to liquidate to securities and take advantage of the higher yields that we could generate in the event that we took to realized loss and then to power investment income going forward. So, that's just from our perspective, one of our motivations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hi. Just two very quick questions on the U.S. By your metrics, how did penetration within accounts compared to Q1 levels? Did they deteriorate further? I know that was one of the issues that was brought up in the first quarter call.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't actually give that specific number out. What I can tell you is that because we are opening up such a large volume of new accounts, it's very difficult to tell how the penetration is going to be. Because while we may go back, we may go out and have an initial enrollment. The full enrollment may take place over a longer period of time, say three to six months, depending on going back, following up, getting all the people, if you got multiple shifts on a particular job, you'll be looking at. And so, it's a little bit of a trailing statistic and what I don't want to mislead you on. What I can tell you is that overall we feel that the new accounts that we are bringing all in our extremely solid that we are seeing... we are not selling to as many people as we once were. But we're selling more to the people, we are selling to. So the people who'd understand the need are continuing to purchase our products and we continue to see that consumer demand going in a right direction. So, I don't know if that fully answers your question but what I can tell you is I think that as I said earlier, the shelf space that we are purchasing for the future is something that we're going to have as a result of continuing to bring out all these accounts without fully penetrating them to the extent we would like to.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And then just knowing that you disclosed last quarters well that sales in the U.S. were kind of up about 6.5%. I think you gave through the first three weeks of April is the metric. Is there anything you can kind of say about kind of sales trends throughout the month, knowing we ended it kind of 4.9 for the average, 6.5 average where we likely started it at. Was it lumpy or was it kind of a trend down? Is there anything you can say it was there?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It was pretty consistent. What I'll you is May was by far our biggest month in 2007. So we went up against. I think is about an 18% comparison to May of 2007. So, May was a little bit slow but it was still great growth. What I'll tell you is overall throughout the quarter I feel consistent. I fell we're still producing the same numbers, I feel like 4.9% was representative of the quarter we have.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay.
Paul Shelby Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: Remember too Mark and this is also true in Japan, and especially to Japan that's why we don't talk about monthly data March for inter quarter sales updates, our sales tend to be very, very skewed towards the last couple of weeks of the quarter. And sometimes we can see in the month of June and feel the sales are going one way and by the end of June find out they've gone the other way. So, that's why we don't really comment on these inter quarterly trends.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Some times the last month of a quarter can almost equal the first two months because of the way our push and our enrolments work.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Kenneth S. Janke Jr. - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Kristine, I have the top of the hour 10 o'clock which means we'd... we'll conclude the call today. If there are other questions, I'd encourage you all to please call Robin or myself at the toll free number. We would be happy to talk with you today or whenever you choose to call. And we thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 16:15:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth S. Janke - Sr. VP, IR Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and CEO Tohru Tonoike - President and COO, Aflac Japan Paul S. Amos, II - President and COO Kriss Cloninger - President, CFO Jerry Jeffery - Sr. VP, Investments and Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Sunit Kamath - Sanford Bernstein Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Andrew Kligerman - UBS Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to Ken Janke.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you everybody for joining us on our first quarter call. With me this morning is Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac and Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Operations, Jerry Jeffery, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer and Tohru Tonoike is President and COO of Aflac, Japan and he joins us this morning from Tokyo. Before we begin, let me mention the Safe Harbor. I would like to point out that some of the statements is this conference call are forward-looking within the meaning of Federal Security laws. Although we believe in statements are reasonable, we can give you no assurance they will be prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. The actual results in the future could differ materially from those that we discuss today. So, I'd encourage you to please look at our press release from last night for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our future results. Now, I would like to turn the program over to Dan, who will talk about the quarter and some comments on our businesses in the U.S. and Japan. Dan.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Overall, I am pleased with the way we started 2008. Although we just have one quarter under our belt, I believe we are well positioned to achieve our objective of operating earnings per share growth this year. Let me give you more detail about the quarter beginning with Aflac Japan As a leading contributor to our consolidated financial statements, we were very satisfied with Aflac Japan's operating and financial results in the first quarter of 2008. In addition, our top line was consistent with our budget for the year and the benefit ratio continued to improve as we expected. As a result, we again produced solid pre-tax earnings growth. I was especially pleased with Aflac Japan's continued sales improvement. I hope you remember that when we released the fourth quarter earnings, we said that Aflac Japan's sales would start slow in 2008. Personally, I thought the first quarter sales could be flat. That was largely because we knew it would take time to build momentum in the bank channels. In fact only 1% of sales came from the banks in the quarter. Yet despite our caution, we began the year with very good quarter. Total new annualized sales rose 5% to 27.6 billion yen. That result, is much better than we had anticipated and in line with our annual sales objective. With bank sales still in the infancy, we believe our solid first quarter sales benefited instead from recent product introductions. Medical sales improved sharply in the quarter, rising 17.6% over a year ago. Medical sales were helped by Gentle EVER, our non-standard medical product, which targets consumers aged 40 and older, who typically would not qualify for our standard EVER product. During the quarter, we sold 12,400 Gentle EVER policies. Gentle EVER sales of 1.4 billion yen accounted for approximately 15% of the medical sales in the quarter. Since we began marketing Gentle EVER last August, it became the number one selling non-standard product in Japan. We were also pleased with cancer insurance sales, up 2.8%. We expected to see solid cancer sales this year in par because of the favorable reception of our new Cancer Forte product. This product is the first major revision to our cancer policy in more than six years. Cancer Forte increases daily out-patient benefits, adds an annuity for newly diagnosed patients and offers the canceling and doctor referral benefit. On March 24th, Dai-ichi Mutual Life joined Aflac Japan in selling Cancer Forte. Earlier in the year we introduced the special cancer policy that allows existing policy holders to upgrade their coverage to that of the Cancer Forte. In the first quarter, we sold approximately 54,500 of these upgrade policies. We believe this will be an effective means for enhancing customers' coverage, while also leveraging our policy holder base to increase sales. We also believe sales of cancer medical insurance will benefit from the addition of our new sales channels. As we discussed, we expect to leverage our long standing and extensive relationships in the banking sector to secure a significant number of selling agreement once the banks could finally offer their products to the... over the counter. That is exactly what has happened. At the end of March, we had agreements with 55 banks to sell our products. That number rose to 90 on April, the 1st, and by mid-year, we expect that number of agreements to be about 150 bank distributors. One reason we expect the numbers to increase is endorsement of Aflac's products by the National Association of Shinkin Banks. This association of about 280 Shinkin banks chose Aflac as one of only four companies to provide third sector products. Not only was Aflac the only foreign company chosen but Aflac was the only company selected to sell both cancer and medical insurance. Even tough we don't know with certainty how much business the bank channels would generate, we believe this new channel will gain momentum as the year progresses. We look for significantly better bank channel sales in the second quarter and this new channel should give us greater confidence in achieving our sales adjective for the year. We are also very excited about the opportunity to sell Cancer Forte through an agreement with Japan Post network. As I am sure you are aware, Japan Post chose Aflac as the cancer insurance provider through their network company. Initially we expect to sell through about 300 postal outlets, beginning on October, the 1st of this year. Needless to say, we believe this is a great opportunity for both Japan Post and Aflac. We also believe we are benefiting from the training initiatives. New agents who have gone through the new associate basic training program have generated better production than those who started before the training program was implemented. Although recruiting has been more challenging due to the tighter labor market in Japan, we are still focused on expanding our traditional distribution channel. In that regard, we recruited 771 new associates or agencies in the first quarter, which was 14.9% higher than a year ago. Remember that we are also adding significant number of licensed agents this year through the bank channel. I firmly believe there is a strong need for our products in Japan and I think we are well positioned to achieve our sales objective of a 3% to 7% increase for the year. We believe that's a reasonable target and we expect to produce strong financial results that are consistent with our budget for 2008. Now let me turn to the business in the United States. We are pleased with Aflac U.S. for financial performance in the first quarter. Our top line was consistent, with our expectations and our pre-tax earnings were better than our target. Total new annualized premium sales were 0.4% to 353 million. We were not surprised that sales were sluggish. However, we did think that sales would be up about 3%. You will recall that in the fourth quarter press release, we expected first quarter sales to be weak. There were a couple of reasons behind I think. First, we pointed out that we have transferred $8 million of sales for the first quarter of this year to the fourth quarter of last year due to administrative changes that we had in processing conversions. Second, we also needed our agents, particularly our veteran agents pushed very hard at the end of 2007, and as result, sales were sharply down in January. In addition, we had one less production day in the first quarter compared with the year ago. I'd like to point out that sales improved after the weak start of the year. From the beginning of February to the end of last week, our sales were up 6.5%. The number of average weekly producer rose 0.2% in the first quarter. However, the number of new average weekly producers, are those who in their first year increased 2.7% in the quarter. Production of new associates rose 4.2% over last year, and in addition we were pleased with the growth of our new payroll deduction accounts, which was up 8.5% over last year. That leads us to believe that the fundamental approach to building an effective distribution is still working and we continue to focus on that. As we've said previously, we've been in weak economies. We have found it easier to recruit because of rising unemployment means salary jobs are more difficult to come by. We think the weaker U.S. economy resulted in good recruiting increase for the quarter. Recruiting was up 8.6% in the first quarter, so almost 6500 new associates. I know many of you have asked whether the U.S. economy is affecting other aspects of our business. As we've said before, we really have not experienced any material impact on claims or sales in fast economic downturns. The last recession occurred in 2001, when our sales were up 29%. That incredible sales growth was attributable to the success of the new Aflac duck advertising campaign, which could have simply mitigated any impact of the recession. Of course, we recognize that the current economy is impacting consumers and we are seeing lower penetration rates in accounts compared to last year. However, we are sure of one thing, the need for our products we sell have not changed. The incidence of cancer, accident and other serious health events does not fluctuate during economic cycles. In fact, I believe the need for our products is actually more compelling when the economy weakens because of the financial risk to the household, becomes more pronounced. With the price of food and gas climbing so rapidly, coping with those rising costs is even more burdensome to the health event occurs. That's precisely why our products provide distinct value to the average American households. We are taking steps to amplify that message to our sales force. This past Monday, we held a national training day that was offered to the entire sales force. One of the main objectives of this training day was to convey to the sales force, how a weak economy enhances a need for our products, and to train them how to better sell in this economy environment. Rest assured, we continue to take every opportunity we can to provide our sales force with the tools and skills that they need to be more successful. At the same time, there are other initiatives that we are working on, that we believe will help us tap into this fast U.S. market. At our analyst meeting next month, we'll talk about our new business-to-business marketing. This is the first time, we have directly approached business owners and we are excited about its potential. We have created business-to-business television commercials, which expect to begin running in May. These initial testings of these commercials was very high and we believe they will help us communicate our brand message to employers. We are also going to continue to segment the market to more effectively meet the needs of the specific consumers such as the Hispanic market. We will continue to enhance our distribution by looking more cautiously at the non-traditional channels such as national insurance brokers. I am pleased with the direction of our operation and enthusiastic about the opportunities we see in the marketplace. Our objective is still an 8% to 12% increase in sales for the full year and I expect our sales growth to improve, as I still believe our sales target is achievable, although it's obviously tougher than it was... than we had originally thought. I am counting on the marketing and sales officers as well as the field force to do what they can to help drive sales. I believe employers and workers alike are gaining a better understanding of our products and our services, and I am certain we have an effective combination of product, distribution, customer service and brand to meet customer needs. On a consolidated basis, I am pleased with the financial position. Our balance sheet is still marked by a conservative investment posture and very favorable risk profile. The credit ratings of our holdings remain high as you know and we do not have any direct investment exposure to sub-prime lending markets. We have limited investment exposure to CMOs asset-backed securities or CDOs, and all the investments in those areas are highly rated. We also have a very strong risk-based capital. Our RBC ratio for 2007 was 574. Although it declined some what from 2006, keep in mind that we transferred $1.4 billion to the parent company in 2007. That capital transfer allowed us to repurchase 12.5 million shares in February 2008. In other words, they impacted the funding of our 2008 share repurchase was reflected in 2007 RBC ratio. As I mentioned in our press release, we have narrowed our outlook for this year from a 13% to 15% increase in operating earnings on a diluted basis before the impact of currency to 14% to 15% increase. I have a high degree of confidence that we will achieve that target, and we hope to grow at the high end of that range this year. We are very pleased with our U.S. financial results, which were in line or better than expectations. At the same time, I am extremely pleased with Aflac Japan's continued recovery of new sales. Aflac Japan sales results exceeded our expectations for the quarter and as a contributor to more than 70% of the consolidated earnings, Aflac Japan's financial results were solid and consistent with our target. I am still focused on increasing operating earnings per share by at least 15% annually, excluding the impact of the Yen from my first 20 years as CEO. If attend our analyst meeting next month, you will hear about our 2009 earnings target. Beyond my first 20 years as CEO, I still think we can produce another ten years of double-digit earnings growth. As we look ahead, we believe our strong earnings growth will reflect our underlying earnings power of our insurance operations in Japan and the United States. It will also reflect our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that benefits shareholders. Ken?
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Dan. Let me briefly run through some of the first quarter numbers, beginning with Aflac Japan. Starting at the top line in Yen terms, revenues were up 2.7% for the quarter. Investment income growth of 0.2% was held back by the impact of the stronger Yen on Aflac Japan's dollar denominated investment income. And excluding the effect of the stronger Yen, investment income was up 5.1%. The annualized persistency rate for the quarter, excluding annuities was 94.4% compared with 94.8% in the first quarter of 2007. We believe the persistency was impacted by a higher proportion of the population as well as our customer base reaching retirement age, though we expect that this will not only influence persistency this year, but in 2009 as well. And looking at the operating ratios for the quarter, as we expected, the benefit ratio continue to improve over last year. It declined from 63.9% to 62.4% in the first quarter of '08. The expense ratio was 19.6%, up from 18.5% a year ago. The increase in the expense ratio was budgeted and in part attributable to greater spending on bank channel preparations. The pre-tax profit margins showed further improvement, rising from 17.6% to 18.0%. Pre-tax earnings rose 4.8% for the quarter in Yen, and again excluding the impact from the stronger Yen and net investment income, pre-tax earnings were up 10.6%. Investment yields declined slightly in the quarter in looking at government bonds. For instance, the average yield on an index of 20 year JGB's was 2.08% in the first quarter compared with 2.13 in the fourth quarter. That composite yield right now is a little less than 2%. However for the quarter, we invested our cash flow in Yen securities of 3.41% and including dollars, the blended rate was 3.85%. Portfolio yield at the end of March was 399. That was three basis points lower than year end and 13 basis points lower than a year ago. Overall as Dan mentioned, the credit quality of the portfolio remains very high. On a consolidated basis, securities rated double B or lower, represented only 1.9% of investments at the end of March that was unchanged from year end. And looking at Aflac U.S., revenues were up 8.4% in the quarter. Earned premium increased 9.3%. Investment income was up 1.3%. As expected investment income growth was muted by higher dividends that we had paid to the parent company in 2007. The annualized persistency rate of our U.S. business was 71.9% in the quarter compared with 73% a year ago. I would note however that on a rolling 12 months basis, there was only a 40 basis point change from the prior year. So looking at the operating ratios for the quarter, the benefit ratio was 52.4% compared with 52.7% in the first quarter of '07. The improvement in the benefit ratio largely reflected a change in accounting for internal replacements, which we adopted at the end of last year. The expense ratio was 31.4% compared with 31.7%, and as a result, the margin was 16.2%, up from 15.6% a year ago. Pre-tax earnings were up 12.6% for the quarter. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 7.03 versus 6.27 a year ago, although again we did not have significant cash flows going to investments this year. The yield on our portfolio was 7.01% at the end of March, up one basis point from year end but six basis points lower than a year ago. turning to some other items for the quarter, we did purchase 12.5 million shares, this purchase was executed through an accelerated share repurchase program that we had announced in January, excluding [indiscernible] 115 in the ratio, of debts total capital was 16.9% at the end of March compare with 1680, a year ago. Non return interest expense was 7 million for the quarter compare with 5 million a year ago, and parent company and other expenses were 10 million, up from six million in the first quarter of 2007, that largely reflected the timing issue between corporate expenses in the first and second quarter. Total company operating margin rose reflecting the improved profitability of Aflac, Japan and Aflac, US. Pre-tax margin improve from 16.7% to 17% and in the after-tax margin rose from 10.9 to 11.1%. On an operating basis, the tax-rate was little change it was 34.7 versus 34.6. And as reported operating earning per diluted share rose 19.5% to $0.98, the stronger increased operating earnings by $0.05 per share for the quarter and excluding the Yen's impact, operating earnings rose 13.4%. Up finally, and looking at the outlook for the balance of the year, as you heard from Dan, our objective for 2008 is a 14 to 15% increase in operating EPS excluding the impact of the Yen. That would suggest $3.73 to $3.76, assuming an identical exchange rate that we had in 2007. However, as you know the Yen is significantly stronger that it was a year ago, so we achieve our objectives in the Yen average as 101 to 105 for the full year, we would expect that will translate to reported earnings per of $3.95 to $4.09 for the year and under that same currency scenario second quarter operating earnings per share will likely be a $1 to a $2. Other the current first quarter... estimate is the $1.00 for the second quarter and 397 for the full year. I would now be happy to take your questions and we would like make sure that everyone has an opportunity to ask the questions. So please limit your question to one and then hopefully if you have more we can come back to you, Judie now I will turn the call over to you for polling. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Hey, thank you, good morning. My question is on Japan post, you mention that you'll to through 300 channels are they focused in one particular region and would it be correct to assume that they are the larger channel. More generally how should we be thinking about the impact on sale given the rollout in October should be a drive for sales for 2008 or assume it what we see in the banks will it take time for this channel, how to we gain momentum? Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you Nigel I am going to let Tohru talk about the details but I will tell you that I wouldn't expect Japan post to play any significant roll in sales this year. If we are going to roll it out and tested in... I mean in October it can be very significant. Now... my opinion that's actually good news for us because it allow us to concentrate on bank and then next year we can concentrate on post. I have been worried all along that we would be have both of them at the same time and create some time and create some problem for us. It also allows us to talk to the banks about pushing hard now because the postal will be in the business latter on. So it think that's encouraging for us... Tohru would you touch on these, if you know details of how these 300 banks, where they might come from or any of the details or any of the comments you might have about postal.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Oh yes, first of all those 300 offices pretty much spread out all over Japan, not concerned to the research in a certain area, so its supposed to be the representative of the whole Japan, and as Dan mentioned seems they are going to start operation in October and start rolling out. We do not expect any meaningful affairs within the... by the end of the year, so we expect that Japan post is mostly, the next year event. And as to the question to the rolling out of the banks, the banks, as we expected, started rather slow and because of their concern over the compliance and the concern over the level of the preparations they are making. And now most of the banks are... that of the financial year for the most of banks start in April, so now that we are in April, number of the banks have set the sales target for the insurance product, so we are hoping that more banks beginning to sell the insurance on the larger scale, but so far we don't see the big numbers yet. They are rising but are still on the way.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me make one other comment about what Tohru has said, which is important, when you hear that Japans sales from the banks are rising, your immediate conclusion might be then sales are totally rising. And they should be, in terms of the bank, but I want to point out, what happened in the fourth quarter In the U.S, also happened in the first quarter in Japan, there was a real surge in production in December and if you really want me to quote what I thought the first quarter would be, I think we probably picked up another 2% in March that may have been... with people pushing that may take away a little bit in April, so I would say that if I kind of look at our sales numbers, I would say that Japan, for the first quarter was probably up closer to 3% even though we showed 5 which is still better than the flat number we thought because of the new product introduction and what they've done with it, but I think you're going to see the fourth quarter... I mean the second quarter a little softer than what we originally thought still positive, but still all-in-all we'll still make all of our numbers, but I just want to make sure that everyone note that March was very-very strong and frankly I was pushing them, I wanted a strong first quarter so that's part of the reason for that. Nigel I answered your question?
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, that was very helpful, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure.
Operator: Sunit Kamath with Sanford Bernstein.
Sunit Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, I just wanted to go back to some of the comments in the prepared remarks about the U.S, I think you said that the penetration rate in the U.S were low and as you were talking about the impact of the economy, and I just want to understand what that means, are you talking about the new business that you're riding, or you're just selling less then each payroll account and as you think about it being low is that compared to what is first quarter this year or first quarter last year or is this something that has been going on for some time.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I've got Ron, Paul and I do in the field with this national trading guy, so he's not here, but Paul's going to try to take this question.
Paul S. Amos, II - President and Chief Operating Officer: It is not a long term trend. It is something that we have seen, only beginning in this first quarter, what I can tell you is that yes, we are seeing less people purchasing, in any given account, be it a new account or existing account, however those people that are purchasing are purchasing at the same level, with rates they were purchasing before. You know, is the economy of affecting us we have traditionally said that it is not higher I have to say that from what I'm seeing out there, there is the huge demand for our products and there is still an equal demand for the amount of product they were purchasing or more than they were purchasing in the past. I firmly believe that our products are positioned well and its national training day was focused all around on how our agents need to be... what they need to be doing to sell our products in a difficult economic environment. It is not about the economy effecting us it's about they are being question and people and ideals around what's going wrong with the economy and making sure that our agents are well prepared to deal with those objections. I think its probably been a single biggest thing we've done in the last three years on a single event basis to get our field force inline with what they are doing and as Dan said with the Veteran agent moving slow at the beginning of the year, this National Training day was directly going out there to inject our veteran into to doing a better job and I believe it has, so to answer your question I believe in the Yen, that yes we are seeing some lower account penetration but my hope is that this National Training day combine with getting things, had things have already showing a much better trend, February and beyond that we are moving right back in the direction that it needs to be
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And also remember again the number of new accounts was up 8.5% in the first quarters, so the number of accounts and the need for the products according to the employers about put in on payroll has grown significantly.
Sunit Kamath - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you
Operator: Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi, just a question on persistency in the US declined about 200 basis point this quarter. Just wondering what was driving that?
Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer: This is Kriss. Well we did experience some... I'll say it's probably more seasonal thing in large part because we have big production in the fourth quarter. We do tend to have somewhat higher lapses in this sequential first quarter that is of lapses get process from the prior year big fourth quarter production. That's a trend... that's annualized in our computation and I'm not always satisfied about the first quarter number, I think it's somewhat overstayed but, quite frankly I didn't put a great deal of importance on it.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. So, Kriss...
Unidentified Company Representative: Remember too that we've also been making an effort to sale some micro accounts we started initiative a while ago and half like it has to be your small business in... although we don't have any imperical [ph] data to really support the notion it wouldn't be surprising that if business are folding in this environment, it's the small business that we would could go first and that could be impacting some of the accounts that we had.
Unidentified Company Representative: Tom just add to my comment, I look back on my seasonality thing, in the first quarter persistency the last three or four years has been allowing 1% worse than it turned out for the year, and that to my seasonality seasonally comment.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: But with that... Kriss, would it be fair to say that the 200 basis points declined may be half of that seasonality, the rest is the point that can't made?
Kriss Cloninger - President, Chief Financial Officer: I would think that correct.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. My comment on the call that if you look at it on kind of on a rolling 12 month basis as opposed to annualizing the quarter, you still get a decline but it's a 40 basis point decline.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then as we think about rolling that up and to earn premium growth, how should we expect that level to come through in 2008 rate? It was a little bit above 9%. Is that a reasonable run rate for this year?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. Our plan is pretty consistent with what we experienced in the first quarter, about 9, 3 or so.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: In the range. I mean I have to quote ranges say, 9.5 and 3 is in the middle. Thank you.
Operator: Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good morning. I was hoping to ask Paul little bit more about the U.S. recruiting. It was up a lot this quarter. It sounds like based on the economy that may continue, I guess that we've seen in the past that certain levels of recruiting is good, but at times when the system wasn't necessarily ready to absorb it, it was a bit of a challenge. How do you feel you positioned at this point Paul with the district sales coordinators to handle higher level of recruiting? You have the right number, is the system ready to absorb this and I am embrace this and can you move these people to productivity pretty quickly?
Paul S. Amos, II - President and Chief Operating Officer: Absolutely. I appreciate you asking that. The fact of the matter is I believe because of our training systems, because of the level of our state training coordinators and how our district sales coordinators involved into that training, that we are more prepared than any time in our history to take a high volume of recruits and make them successful. I believe that international training day just reemphasize exactly what we are doing, and while we don't necessarily see our recruiting uptick affect sales in the following 13 weeks. We do expect during the 2008 year for these recruits to have an effect on our sales, as well as on our new accounts, which you have already seen an uptick in because we know new associates generate a good portion of our new accounts. So, I feel very confident that there is 8.6% increase in recruiting will have a very good effect on what we are trying to do for the remainder of 2008 and beyond.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Great. Thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Representative: Judy?
Operator: One moment. Mark Finkelstein with FPK.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning. I wanted you to just talk about medical sales in Japan, specifically Gentle EVER. It accounted for about 5% of total sales and I just wanted to kind of get your current thinking on those. Are they mainly previously declined applicants or are they new, are you seeing more new applicants and is the current level of sales sustainable or do you continue to think that it's going to kind of peak and then start to subside materially as you kind of get passed that, previous denied applicant base?
Paul S. Amos, II - President and Chief Operating Officer: Tohru? I can say some but why don't you... do you have any comments you want to make on it? Well, I will comment on it. Let me just say this that I believe that the Gentle EVER has been a nice addition. It has allowed us to go back. We believe that there were certain amount of people that were out there that we had not had an opportunity to add a product to that we went back to, but it has also brought on a lot of new customers in the process. In regard to our abilities to sustain, I am sure there is some what of a spike in it. And we're not... I think we actually started in August, so we will... so I would expect it to stay strong through August and then for it to level out, at some point, normally 80% of what we did the year before is normally a number that's reasonable the next year but it being new, I am not sure. I do think its worth noting that every new product we have ever introduced, even if we basically found somebody else to really start selling it first, how we've captured the market and taken it away from them. I mean medical insurance, we got in too late, and with the number one seller within a short time. This Gentle EVER taken away the substandard and now we are number one. The message gets out that we offer the best product at the best price. And from my standpoint, our sustainability with these new products works much better and allows us to stay at a much higher level of consistently producing that amount than say one of our competitors, then only goes in and offers it to their existing customers. It gets out throughout all of the consumers in Japan that we truly are the best, and so I think we can hold the higher number because of that
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me add one thing to that comment. As far as the mix between previously declined applicants and current applicants, it may not meet the standard underwriting forever and therefore take Gentle EVER. It's a mix of those people and people that had not been previously declined and some that have. But, because of privacy laws, we're not able to directly approach people that have previously been declined. We have to approach them only in a say a mailing process that's designed to expose the product to a broader class of people. We're not allowed to go in and specifically target people that have been previously declined. So, the sales methodology in that targeted. I didn't know if we had covered that before or not.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Darin Arita with Deutsche Bank.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you. Just a question on the Japan bank channel sales; they realized that's early days in the first quarter. But, can you give us a sense of the mix of business that have been sold through the channels, cancer versus medical and also to what degree consumers chosen the single premium payment option.
Unidentified Company Representative: I am not sure I got that.
Unidentified Company Representative: I don't think... we've seen... we hadn't seen hardly any of the single premium so far. I think, Tohru are you there you or did we lose you?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. Let me have that. Yes. Almost all of the bank sales are not the single payment. That very small portion is a pay duct. But, mostly they are the level payments, and the incomes of the... type of the product, they have sold... there have to be a similar amount of cancer and medical. Cancer a little bit more than medical.
Darin Arita - Deutsche Bank Securities: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Hey, good morning everybody. I am going to be bit of bigger. I wanted a follow-up first on the question of penetration Paul. I don't quite understand what you're getting. Why is... given a continuing channel, why would penetration be less? Do you have... are there continued employees that are dropping your policies? I am not quite getting the math here, the numerator and the denominator.
Paul S. Amos, II - President and Chief Operating Officer: I am sorry, maybe I misspoke. It's not the penetration of an existing account, is going down. It's the average increase in a existing account that we would normally have penetration-wise, is less. So if our account penetration was 25% and the second year we would expect... and these are not real numbers. We expected to go to 40%, its going to 35%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Okay, that's great. I did not understand that. I didn't get that part at all.
Unidentified Company Representative: It is rising. It's just not rising at the same incremental amount that we would have expected in previous years of our existing account.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it. And then if I can ask you a question on my own. Just revisiting the banks, I think you have 40 banks at the end of the year, 3300 banks... 3300 branches excuse me, do you know how many branches you have with the 90 that you sighted on the news release and what the 150 would the Shinkin banks might give you, what kind of branch numbers you might have?
Unidentified Company Representative: Tohru, are you on.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes I am. But, I am sorry I don't have that number at hand.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Can you get back to me?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Well, sure.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure we will.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: I will be happy to.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me just point out, and I know this is a gut call that I made last year, the end of the year. But I said, I thought we did more than ten times in the fourth quarter, while we did in the first quarter from banks. So we expect it to continue to grow.
Operator: Your next question is from Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group: Hi, thanks; quick question on the balance sheet. I saw that CDO allocation increased fairly significantly in the first quarter to around $661 million from $495 million. We're not seeing that allocation in investments grow, a lot of places. Are you seeing opportunities there, can we get some color on that? Thanks.
Jerry Jeffery - Senior Vice President, Investments and Chief Investment Officer: Hi it's Jerry Jeffery. Yeah, we're seeing tremendous opportunities and I guess on a percentage basis that appears large but on an actual basis, $165 million is relatively strong. But, just to give you an idea what we've been able to achieve here. We are getting much higher yields than we had previously been able to get and not to get too technical but, our purchases are all AAA rated. Currently the ones we've been making in the first quarter. But, not only are they AAA rated but, previously we've been getting 30 or 40 basis point of what we call ratings cushion in the purchase we made. The ratings cushion that we didn't receive, we received in the first quarter range between 2 and 400 basis points. So, you mount a credit protection, if we are getting on new purchases and the yields we are achieving are much better than we've been able to in the past. So, we consider... we continue to think that this is very attractive space and it's not a core strategy but at the margin we think it as a season beneficial cost.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group: That's interesting, thanks. And what's the underlying collateral on the new stuff?
Jerry Jeffery - Senior Vice President, Investments and Chief Investment Officer: Well, the underlying refer [ph] insanities are all corporate credits and they are all investment grades.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group: Thank you.
Operator: Eric Berg with Lehman Brothers.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much and good morning to everyone. I just wanted to follow-up on Steve Schwartz question regarding the general picture in the U.S. On the one hand you are saying that the increase in the penetration is, has slowed somewhat. I think Ken was saying that on an adjusted sort of normalized basis, there has been a modest deterioration. I think I heard Ken saying in persistency. But at the same token you're saying you have your national training day and things have gotten better in February and March. So, with all said and done, where does that leave us? Is business in the U.S. slowing?
Jerry Jeffery - Senior Vice President, Investments and Chief Investment Officer: Go ahead.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I was just going to say that the one thing I think you left out Eric is the number of new accounts is accelerating, at 8.5%. So within the accounts it's smaller increase in terms of penetration but the number of new accounts that are coming on realizing they need additional coverage, right now is going up. So, those two things together is somewhat of an offset and that's why I think we are running 6.5% right now instead of flat is that. The new recruits are up because of the economy. The new accounts are up and it's a little softer than we'd like right now but the national training program is going to help hopefully offset that to a degree and we're hoping we'll get right back on track.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The other thing is Eric. I am thrilled with the recruiting. I mean remember in the past, we never have had such a turnaround in recruiting with four quarters of decreases going to such a strong increase in the first quarter. So traditionally in the past, you had strong recruiting lead to strong recruiting so those producers would continue to come off. We've finished changing and we are seeing the strong recruiting that began the first quarter. I believe that will take a little time to really see the effect of that. I don't however see it going anywhere but in a positive direction for us. I am very excited about what's going to happen going forward. Can I qualify that directly? I don't believe I can. What I can tell you is that I do not believe there is anything broken with the U.S. business. I believe the demand for our products is greater than ever. I believe that at a time when people are discussing the economy it shows the need for our products to help them from a disposable income standpoint more than ever, and if nothing else, getting these additional accounts by those access to those in the future. So what do we have is higher penetration or higher penetration than we have had in the past. In the future, we will be able to go back and write even more business in those businesses. The economy, it makes it tougher but we are doing everything we can do to grow our business and I'm excited about where we are heading.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Very helpful from, both point, thank you.
Operator: Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi, just a quick follow-up. Can you just comment on the environment as it relates to the whole regulatory issue in Japan, do you think that's pretty much behind us now or, just an update there? Thanks?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I do think its better. I was over there in January unfortunately. I was supposed to be there a few weeks ago and dad had to have open-heart surgery and I didn't get a chance to go, but I'll be going after the shareholders meeting again. So I have not followed up since my January trip. But, I believe that its one of those things, no news is good news and we've heard nothing in any way that makes us think there, have any problems other than they've been totally happy with Aflac and what's going on and there have been no rumblings in the newspapers about the companies. So we think we are in good shape.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: By the way someone said, my dad is doing well. I've had a lot of people asking, he's home now. So, we are hoping we'll get him in the shareholders meeting.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Glad to hear it, thanks.
Operator:
Andrew Kligerman with UBS:
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Good morning. A couple of questions, maybe you can give a little color around the economy in Japan and how that might be affecting your sales outlook? And also, with respect to where you are in the bank channel right now, what's the process, how far long is the technical? I see in the release you mentioned 90 banks are signed up. How far along is the technical bank in terms of the training and when might they be in a position to have some material impact on sales?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am going to let Tohru talk a little bit more than I will. But I can tell you that from the banks perspective, each one is totally different. Some of the banks jumped right on it, one in particular, and is doing great. Others are very bureaucratic and slow and their profits are rolling it out, which I think is a bad decision, but that's theirs. So it varies up and down the scale in terms of what's happening. But all in all, I would say to get them to full speed, if you look the average one, it's a quarter before they start picking it up. Training, everything along those lines, we had some that came out of the chute doing it. Others will be six months or longer. But I think on average, it takes at least a good quarter for them to get started. Tohru you want to comment?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. And I think that was absolutely right. Of course the banks vary in terms of the size. Then the mega banks have several hundred branches and tens of thousands of employees. So it... it takes them to be fully prepared of some times close to a year. Some of the mega banks have been working preparation almost a year, and then are starting to work. But smaller banks... smaller banks can get up speed much quicker. So, on an average, I don't know but the quarter to six months is a... I think is a good estimate. And also the... I think you asked if economy in Japan is affecting our sales, and I understand that Japanese economy is slowing a little bit. But, we have no symptom of slowing down on our business yet, so we hope it doesn't affect us.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And then just may be talk a little bit about what kind of involvements your agents will have in this bank distribution and how they feel about it in general?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: In most cases or some of the banks have their affiliates, which have been agents. For those banks, some of the banks use them to support them in say, administration or otherwise. But some banks are operating pretty much independently from their affiliates. It varies. But overall, the involvement of our existing agents are very limited in the bank channel business.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And how do they feel about it. Are they nervous, are they okay with it?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: They have been very concerned and I think that some of them were nervous. But, the general feeling I am listening now is that they are say, kind of accepting that is another factor and they are... they seem to be prepared to the new environment.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Hi, can you hear me? Hi, can you hear me?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Just a quick follow-up. Looking at the below investment grade holdings, maybe it has do with currency or maybe... maybe it's just a stupid question. But, looking at the par values of a number of the holdings that are listed there hold, Ford Motor credit, CSAV, whatever that is, and Bawa Capital. Just noticing that the par values have risen in the quarter, I am just wondering is that... do money go into those names because they are attractive, is it currency related or something else?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's currency related.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is no additions to any of those holdings.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay. All right, thank you.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In fact, it's not, we are not prohibited to investing in below investment grade but as a policy we just have never done it.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay. Thank u.
Operator: Tamara Kravec with Banc of America.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to ask a quick question on the margin, the pre-tax margin in Japan and just based on how your sales are flowing, how you are feeling about continued margin expansion and what you have expected and how that's playing out?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I'll say its right in line with plan, Tamara. We had expected an improvement in benefit ratio on magnitude, 150 basis points. This year, we got 140 in the first quarter or 150 compared to the prior year, 140 compared to the... I mean, 140 compared to the year, 150 compared to the quarter. But, margin overall is up about 1.2%, and that's in line with our plan and expectation. So we would expect 1.2 or so percent improvement for year to play out.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And can you comment at all about whether you think this is something that can continue in over a longer period of time.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we will give you some color on that at the flat meeting, the analyst moving and May, give you more details at that time. But, we continued to see some improvement in benefit ratio due to mix of business, some improvement relative to continued decline in healthcare cost per unit of service in Japan, lower days in the hospital and that sort of things. So, we will give you some more color on that in May. But I'd say, yes, its continuing to improve.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And if I could ask just ask one quick one. The business to business initiatives that you have are those built into your 8% to 12% target for sales or none of those initiatives are in there?
Unidentified Company Representative: They are built into the 8% to 12% target for sales and they are a good reason why I feel very strong about what is going to happen. But, it is built into the existing 8% to 12%.
Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I guess I want to follow up a little bit on Andrew's question about kind of the mechanics of how you work with the banks. In terms of training and sales support I mean, take the mega banks for example, do you... just do kind of initial training with the banks staff, then the bank staff goes untrained, people in these hundreds of branches or is that something where you are involved in an ongoing basis training all these people, and then... likewise, on sales support, is that something that's handled internally or are you kind of in daily contacts supporting all these people in the banks?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's a little... I'll let Tohru. Tohru comes from the banking side so he can give you a real good answer on this one. Tohru.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. Most of the mega banks are doing the training, mostly in-house. We help them to be prepared for that, giving training to their employees. So we teach them, we teach their trainer. And also, some of the times we can visit the branches and train... give the training by ourselves. But mostly, training in... within the mega banks are handled internally. They have a large number of employees, a couple of hundreds who are specialized, who have the experience in the banking kind of the insurance industry and they are dedicated to that insurance business. They have plenty resources, we have. For the smaller regional banks, very often and Shinkin banks, we very often ask to visit their branches and offices and provide the training to their employees working there.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: So, going forward on kind of a daily basis, it sounds like you will be a little closer to certain development in the smaller banks, is that the case? Then at the mega banks, may be a little bit removed from kind of day-to-day operation, is that correct?
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. We have about 200 people who are specialized in this kind of business. So, they rotate amongst the banks which they are responsible for. So, we are sure that we can be in the position... we can be helping them in a sufficient fashion.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The answer to your question is yes, that's right.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thank you
Unidentified Company Representative: Do the answer on just a couple of minutes to the top of the hour. We have got time for one more short question with an easy answer.
Operator: Thank you. Mark Finkelstein with FPK.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: And I think I can do that. Can you just give an update on which I guess the mega banks, which ones you are selling? I think there was a couple that we are going to start selling in April. I wanted to just kind of conform whether that's the case or if not, when you expect them to start selling?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Tohru.
Tohru Tonoike - President and Chief Operating Officer, Aflac Japan: Yes. All of the mega banks including [indiscernible] banks, selling the insurance products, now. It varies... how... the sale is different but the... all of who are now selling that insurance products beginning April 24.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, great. Thank you.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. That will conclude our first quarter call and we greatly appreciate you joining us this morning. If you require any follow-up, please feel free to give Robin or myself a call on our toll-free number. If we don't talk with you today, surely we sure hope we'll see you at our analyst meeting on May 14th and 15th in New York. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-01 18:40:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth S. Janke - Sr. VP of IR Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and CEO Kriss Cloninger III - President, CFO, Treasurer, Director Paul S. Amos II - President of Aflac, COO - U.S. Operations UBS Patrick Lemmens - ABN Amro Asset Management
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers Tamara Kravec - Banc Of America Securities Andrew Kligerman
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: So, first let me welcome you and thank you for joining us for our year-end presentations for 2007. Let me start with an introduction of those joining me today from Aflac Incorporated, beginning with Dan Amos, who is Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President and CFO; Paul Amos, who is President of Aflac and COO of Aflac U.S., Robin Mullins, Vice President of Investor Relations; and I am Ken Janke, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, and again, thanks for joining us. Let me remind you that some of the things we will be discussing today are considered forward-looking statements within the guidelines of Federal Securities Laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give you no assurance that they will prove to be accurate. Obviously, the actual results that we discuss could differ materially from those that we talk about today. I'd encourage you to look at our quarterly press release from last night to see some of the various factors that could materially impact our results in the future. Again, I'd want to remind you that this meeting is being webcast. If you have anything electronic that will be buzz or shake, if you can make it as silent as possible, we'd appreciate it. First, I'm going to ask Dan to come up and give us some thoughts on the outlook based on our conclusion of 2007. I'll follow up very briefly with some numbers, and then we will be happy to take the questions you have. Dan?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ken and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I think you'll agree that the final quarter of 2007 concluded another great year for Aflac. In 2007, we achieved our sales objectives in Japan and in the United States and more importantly, we met our financial targets last year, and produced record financial results. I was especially pleased that for the 18th consecutive year we increased operating earnings per diluted share by at least 15% excluding the impact of the currency. Now let me talk a little bit in more detail about the accomplishments last year and the outlook beginning with Aflac Japan. As a leading contributor to consolidated financial statements, we were very satisfied with Aflac Japan's operating and financial results in each of the quarters of 2007. Our persistency remained strong at 94.7% and our top line was consistent with our budget for the year, and the benefit ratio continued to improve as we had expected. As a result, pre-tax earnings growth was again strong. We were also encouraged with the progress in the sales area. Following the disappointing sales in 2006, our primary cast was to turn around our sales in 2007. However, we ended 2007 facing a weak and challenging market place, like 2006 the market was cluttered with competing medical products and consumer confidence was depressed due to the extensive claims payment issues in the industry. As we repeatedly discussed last year, we had expected sales to decline in the first half of 2007 and be flat to up 4% in second half of the year. Consistent with our expectations, we were pleased to see that our sales results improved early in the year and increased to 2.5% in the second six months of 2007. Sales in the fourth quarter were up 2.7% to 30.3 billion yen, and I think there are a few reasons for the sales improvement that took place in the second half. Clearly, the comparisons were easier than the first six months of the year. We also continued our efforts to enhance our traditional distribution system. In particular, we remain committed to improving the effectiveness of our sales force and to make sure we had better training. By the end of 2007, approximately 3,300 newly recruited sales associates have been trained through our new training program. Although the new sales basic training program has only been in place for about a year, we have seen better production from new agencies than we had prior to implementing the program. Recruiting has been more challenging due to the tighter labor market in Japan, but we're still focused on increasing the size of the traditional distribution channels. And remember that we're adding a significant number of licensed agents this year through the bank channel which will help mitigate the impact of weaker recruiting. I believe Aflac Japan's new products will also play a significant role in improving sales. Medical sales were strong in the fourth quarter rising 16.8% over 2006. Stand-alone medical, up $10.7 billion for the quarter was the best we produced in the last two years. Clearly, the fourth quarter improvements in medical sales reflect the success of our General Labor product, our new non-standard medical products. During the quarter, we sold 15,600 General Labor policies and related annualized premium of 1.8 billion yen, and it accounted for approximately 17% of our medical sales in the quarter. In fact, since we began marketing this product last August, General Labor has become the number one selling non-standard medical product in the marketplace today. Following the rate increase that took effect on September 2, we were not surprised that Cancer Insurance sales were down in the fourth quarter. However, they declined only 1.7% for the quarter and Cancer Insurance sales were up 12.9% for the full year, due to the renewed focus on the product. Cancer Insurance was our top selling product category for this year. We expect Cancer Insurance sales to remain strong in part because of the successful introduction of Cancer Forte, which is the first medical revision that we made to a cancel product in six years. With Cancer Forte, we increased outpatient benefits to offer the highest level of outpatient coverage in the industry today. In addition, at our traditional first-occurrence benefit, this product also pays an annuity to the newly diagnosed patient from the second through the fifth year that they are first diagnosed. It also assists policyholders with counseling and doctor referral services through a third-party diagnosis of the disease. Last year also brought the U.S. positive news in distribution area that benefited Aflac Japan in the long run. The first development was the approval of the over-the-counter insurance sales through the bank channel that took effect on December the 22nd. As we discussed Aflac has extensive long-standing relationships with the majority of Japan's 400 or so banks. By the end of January, we had agreements with 41 to market our products through more than 3,300 branches nationwide. Of these banks, 12 of them are selling only our products at the present time. We believe that we have established more sales agreements with banks than any other insurance company operating in Japan today. And we expect those numbers to continue to grow. However, I had cautioned you that some banks are being very conservative in their sales approach, because of the compliance issues with selling insurance to the customers. In addition, many banks won’t start selling until April 1, which marks the start of the fiscal year in Japan, yet, I continue to believe we are in great position to sell our products through the new chain. We are also excited that we've been chosen by Japan Post, to be the Cancer Insurance provider through a network, which operate 24,000 post offices. We believe Japan Post’s selection of Aflac reflects the quality of the products and the overall strength of the Aflac brand. A reputation for quality, customer service, and strong support we provide to the sales force. I'm not able to discuss exactly when sales will commence, or how many postal outlets will initially offer our products. But I do hope to have more details by the time we release our first quarter results in April. Needless to say, we believe this is a great opportunity for both Japan Post and Aflac. I believe there is still a strong need for our products in Japan, and I think we're positioned to have a better year in 2008 than we did last year from a sales perspective. Our objective is to increase sales 3 to 7% this year, which we believe is a reasonable expectation, because it will take some time for the bank channels to have an impact on our business. Our sales might start off a little slow this year. However, I expect Aflac Japan to achieve its sales objective for 2008, while also producing financial results that are consistent with our budget. Now, let me turn to the US operations, which had a great 2007, achieving both it's marketing and its financial objectives. You've heard me say repeatedly last year that we faced the tough sales comparison in the fourth quarter, due to re-enrollment of a very large account in 2006. Despite the tough comparisons, sales were up 5.9% to $473 million in the fourth quarter, which was a record quarter for the company. For the year total new annualized premium sales increased 9.5% to $1.6 billion, another record. That compares with the objective of 6 to 10% increase in sales in 2007. As I mentioned in our earnings release, the change in processing of conversions helped the fourth quarter sales. In the past we accounted production for conversions based on the effective date of the conversions. Beginning in 2007 we will include conversions in the production based on the application date. Just as we do with our new sales. Excluding the $8 million impact from this change, sales were up 4% for the fourth quarter and 8.9% for the year, which is still consistent with our sales objective that we wanted to achieve. And considering the great year we had in 2006, we're very pleased with our results in 2007. I'm convinced that the renewed sales momentum in the United States is directly linked to our efforts of our distribution side of our business. In the last few years, we've strengthened our sales management infrastructure through our sales coordinator growth. We've supported that infrastructure through new and extensive training programs at every level from our new associates to our veteran in sales coordinates. We have also committed to growing the size of our sales force, although as we have discussed the approach has changed a bit. As you know, we did not establish a recruiting target for 2007 and we expect that recruiting would be lower than it was in 2006. However, we still recruited 5,500 new sales associate in the fourth quarter and more than 24,200 for the full year. That is a significant base from which we can grow our producers, which is the highest distribution priority we have. In that regard, we're very pleased that the number of average weekly producers rose 5.4% to approximately 11,600 producers, and 6% to 10,900 for the full year. We also believe our commercials and our branding message have benefited our results. Our commercials are more... just 30 seconds in terms of entertainment value, but they also show that Aflac's products help people following the serious medical event. We're expanding our advertising medium to print, radio and online advertising. Tonight I'd like to show our newest commercial, which we've properly called [inaudible]. This commercial helps us not to only maintain strong brand awareness, but also brand definition. And I am going to show it two times, because sometimes you miss a little bit of it. So if you run the commercial, well let's see it. [Advertisement] As you can see the commercial bags the question, well let's see if we can do one more. [Advertisement] This commercial has tested very well for us in all of the statistics that we saw on it, and what I can tell you that it bags the question, what does Aflac Duck have in common with the [inaudible] and the answer is not much, and that's whole point of the commercial that there is only one Aflac and all of the research says that it is working very well a lot like the Goat commercial that you saw that we ran last year. Overall, I'm very pleased with the results and direction of our U.S. operation. All signs point to a growing need for the types of products that we offer and at the same time, I believe the employers and workers alike are gaining a better understanding of how our products will help fill their needs. With the effective combination of products, distribution, customer service and brand, I believe we're poised to continue to have strong sales growth. Our sales objective for 2008 is to have an 8 to 12% increase and we expect to achieve that. However, as I mentioned in the year-end release, first-quarter sales would be weak in part because of the shift in the conversion premium in the first quarter of 2008 from the fourth quarter of last year. In addition, we got off to a little bit slower start this year following a very strong push by our sales force at the end of the year. Yet I remain encouraged about the opportunities in the U.S. market for the year and beyond. We estimate that we have only penetrated about 7% or $5.9 million businesses in the U.S. with fewer than 500 workers. That suggests that there is a vast market of potential payroll accounts and customers for Aflac to reach in years ahead. Now turning to Aflac Incorporated. I believe we're well positioned to grow our company in 2008 in a way that will continue the benefit shareholders. We have retained our 2008 objective of increasing operating earnings on a per diluted share by 13 to 15% before the impact of the currency. And as I suggested in the press release on Tuesday, we're more optimistic that we will grow at the high-end of the range this year. It is our intent to accelerate our full share repurchase of the 12 million shares into the first quarter of this year. This accelerated purchase will be funded through internal capital. In addition, we anticipate increasing our share repurchase from 12 million shares to a range of 12 to 18 million shares this year. I mentioned at the analysts meeting last May that I would not do anything in the short run that would jeopardize our growth rates in the long term. Accelerating our buyback and increasing our share repurchase in 2008 is consistent with that view. Not only will these actions benefit our results in 2008, they better position us to maintain our strong record of growth in 2009 as well. We will still maintain very high capital ratios to support our ratings. Although we have not had finished our statutory financial statements for 2007, we believe that our RBC ratio will remain strong. Our balance sheet is still marked by strength and conservative investments. The credit ratings of our holdings are high with only 1.9% rated below investment grade, and we do not have any direct investment exposure to sub prime lending market. In addition to repurchasing our shares, we're also committed to increasing the dividend. In 2007, we raised the dividend twice. As a result, the cash dividend per share in 2007 was 45.5% higher than in 2006. And just last week, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend by 17.1% to $0.24 per share. As that indicated right, the cash dividend in 2008 will be 20% higher than in 2007. We expect the increase to cash dividend at a faster rate than earnings growth going forward. I'm still focused on increasing operating earnings per share by minimum of 15% excluding the impact of the yen for my first 20 years as CEO. I actually feel more confident about achieving it today than I did it at the Analyst Meeting back in May. We are in a great business that generates consistent and predictable top line results and our margins have expanded over the last 10 years and we believe the margin improvement will continue. Beyond my first 20 years as CEO, I still think we can achieve another 10 years of double-digit earnings per share growth. Both Kriss and I believe that is reasonable expectations in the long run. I want to reiterate that we don't expect our earnings growth to abruptly slow. Instead we believe that the growth rate will break down incrementally overtime. And as we look ahead, we believe the strong earnings growth will reflect the underlying earnings power of the insurance operations in the US and in Japan. It also reflects our prudent approach to deploying excess capital in a way that benefits our shareholders. Now, I'll turn the program over to Ken. Ken?
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you Dan. I am just going to briefly run through some of the financial highlights kind of by walking through the segment details on the P&L. If you look in your kits, you will see a copy of these slide if you care to follow-on and make some notes. Let me begin with Aflac Japan, which is clearly still the largest driver and contributor to earnings that accounted for about 72% of pre-tax insurance earnings last year. Our results in dollar terms were just modestly impacted by the weakening… weaker yen for 2007 versus 2006. The average exchange rate was about 1.4% weaker last year than it was for the prior year. In functional or local currency terms, our targets… our results were consistent with our targets. Premium income was up 4.3%, we had a 4.8% increase in net investment income in Japan in yen. You heard our persistency remained stable at 94.7% and as a result, total revenues were up 4.9% for the year to 1.3 trillion yen. In terms of operating ratios, it was pretty much what we had expected throughout the year. We had communicated that our benefit ratio would continue to decline and it did and actually improved by a 160 basis points for the year compared with 2006. You note from the release last night, we did add to reserves for a close block of business in the fourth quarter of last year that added about 2 billion yen to benefit reserves for an old dementia care business that we sold about 20 years ago. Also, as you saw we had adopted SOP 05-1, which relates to accounting for internal replacements or conversions and as a result of that adoption, we also saw some movement in the benefit reserves of about 1 billion yen release, which was offset by DAC. But, as a result the benefit ratio did improve and we would expect to see it continue to improve in 2008 right in line with the guidance we'd given at our Analyst Meeting last May. The expense ratio moved up a little bit in our third quarter call, we had commented that we had expected expenses to skew towards the latter part of the year and they did. In addition with the adoption of that accounting standard, we did again release some benefit reserves and it was offset by charging off some DAC related to that business, which basically offset, but the margin still improved from 15.8 % to 16.8% for the year. As a result, we had very good earnings growth. Pre-tax earnings in yen were up 11.8%. You will remember that a pretty sizeable portion of our investment income in Japan is actually denominated in dollars through the straight dollar investments or reversed to currency securities. So when you kind of unwind the effect of the currency translation on the dollar income of Aflac Japan, you'd see that pre-tax earnings were actually up 11.3% which is kind of the real functional currency look at Japan's earnings growth. Although we saw a little movement in interest rates, it really didn't do much. We saw a little bit of rise in rates and then a decline in rates and the decline was somewhat offset by higher spreads than we have seen in the early part of the year. We did invest generally right in line with what we had expected to for the year. Our new money rate in yen was 305, including dollars the blended rate was 3.38%. As you heard Dan say the investment portfolio is still very conservatively postured Aflac Japan have 1.9% of its securities at below investment grade, and on a consolidated basis, that was down from 2.6% for the prior year. And looking at Aflac US, as you have heard it had a very strong… this segment had a very strong year in 2007, and a very good earnings contributor last year. The top line like Japan was right in line with what we had expected, we had a 10.8% increase in premium income, investment income was up 7.5%. Our persistency rate like Japan was unchanged for the year, in the US case it is 73.9%. And as a result, the total revenue line grew by 10.4% for the year. Looking at our US operating trends, they were also consistent with our expectations. We had communicated that we expected to see a bit of improvement in the benefit ratio for the year for the Aflac US, due to better experience on some newer lines of business, we basically saw that throughout the entire year. We did have some movements in these ratios again because of the adoption of that accounting standard for internal replacements, which released about $14 million of benefit reserves, but we wrote-off about 5 million of DAC. So that influenced both the benefit ratio as well as the expense ratio. We also did as we commented on the release last night made a small addition to benefit reserves also for an old closed block of business in the US. But we did see nice margin improvement last year, for 2008 we would expect to see relative stability in the operating trends from a benefit expanse and margin perspective. But we did have a very strong year as you can see, earnings were up 18.3% to $692 million. Like Japan, the US was not a fun place to invest for a fixed maturity investor this year. We are fortunate our new money rate was same as it was last year at 644. The overall yield though did continue to decline reflecting lower market rates and in the US 1.6% of our investments were below investment grade. So, like Japan, it had a very clean portfolio. Just looking at some of the other items that make up the rest of the income statement contribution, interest expense rose a bit to $21 million. This is on the $1.5 billion of debt that we have which is yen denominated and is primarily related to our share repurchase activities in the past. At the end of the year, our debt to total capital ratio was 15.6%, which was down from 17.1% in 2006. Our corporate expenses improved for the year by $10 million, we did have more investment income at the parent company level because we have dividend and some capital to the parent to position us for share repurchase that generated investment income that offset our parent company operating expenses and that's why we saw a bit of improvement there and we should see stability to improvement in 2008. Our pre-tax operating earnings were up 12.9%, we basically had a stable tax rate at 34.6 versus 34.5% in 2006 and on an operating basis, our operating earnings after-tax were up 12.7%, or 13.4% excluding the effect of the currency. There were a couple of reconciling items you can see, we had lower investment gains in '07 than we did in '06. I should point out in '07, we did write down one of our assets, one of our investments which was ISTC or International Securities Trading Corp, we had a very small position of $20 million, and they've kind of caught and the liquidity squeezed and we wrote down the value of that investment to zero in the fourth quarter, it was offset by a bit of gains so you didn't see a lot of movement in the quarter but we did have lower total realized gains in '07 than '06 and as you can see the effect of FAS 133 was basically immaterial in those periods. Net earnings were up 10.2% for the year, or a little over 12% to $3.31 on a per share… per diluted share basis. In this chart, which you've seen, I think now for many years shows our operating earnings for the last few years with and without the effect of currency, the fourth quarter we picked up a $0.01 from the strengthening yen and that reduced the overall negative impact for the year from $0.03 to $0.02, so we were up 14.7% as reported on an operating basis, we were up 15.4% excluding the effect of currency translation. As we discussed in the release last night, there were a couple of items that impacted fourth quarter earnings, they weren't really as material on a full-year basis but that accounting change of internal replacements added about $0.01 to per share earnings in the quarter and for the year and then we… the increase in benefit reserves for the two closed blocks in Japan and the US reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. As you heard Dan say, we've retained our objective of 13% to 15% earnings growth excluding the effect of currency and this is objective that we first discussed in our Analyst Meeting in May of '07. And I'd like to give you some sense of how the year might play out at varying yen scenarios as we do every year and it's quite a broad range here because we averaged last year 117.93, and that forms the basis of our guidance but right now the yen is significantly stronger than that, the spot rate is about 106.5 to 107. Last year, we had mentioned to you that we estimated a 1 yen move on the average exchange rate for the year equated to $0.013 in operating earnings per diluted share. We didn't get a bit more earnings from Japan this year than last year so that sensitivity is above $0.017. So little bit more sensitive to currency especially on the strengthening yen scenarios from 105 to 115. But you can use this as a pretty good guide to help you with your… check your modeling and to look at the guidance that we give and what your expectations are for the year. But it… as stands right now the yen has average by 108 through the first one of the year. So it could very well be positioned to benefit from the currency this year for the full year. Well, that concludes the brief comments that I have on our financials and I would like Dan, Kriss and Paul to join me. Again as a reminder we are web casting this presentation and for the benefit of those on webcast, if you would please wait for the microphone, Hyde will have microphone for us. Let us know who you are and the firm you are with and please try and limit your questions just one the first time around so we make sure that everyone has a chance to ask a question. Nigel? Question and Answer
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Hi, Nigel Dally from Morgan Stanley. With the sales outlook for Japan, is it possible to break down how much you would expect to come through the banks versus the traditional channels and whether your sales outlook includes anything for Japan projects?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, what I would say is that we started or we had the second half we did 2.5% increase and so saying we are going to be up three to seven. Certainly within that range I think it takes into account everything. Now we do not know what Japan post or what the banks will do. It's just a guess on our part. But we think that totally incorporated and we expect to have a better year than we had last year and we do not think that it will peak next year necessarily and may be even better year in '09. So at this point, I can't break it out. There are certain things that we can't track. I can tell you if we do a robust product what we project but when we do something like general, like the general words [ph] totally different. We have never done it before or go into totally new market like deity life [ph] like we did. It's very difficult for us to tell because we don't have that controls in place us in terms of cutting on or cutting off the sales based on… because their distribution channels that are controlled by outside forces. So we just have to kind of wait. See, I can't tell you that I called on seven of the banks back couple of weeks ago and I can tell you as I said in my speech that they are being very cautious in approaching how to get into the market because they do not want to have the regulators say they are not selling properly or have done something. So they are spending a lot of time training but I look for the momentum to grow at a very faster rate as we move forward.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: And just as in the slide by the way as these channels start to take on greater importance, we will disclose the contribution in our statistical supplement, so you will be able to see what their contribution is.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Sydney Cowen [ph] from Stanford Bernstein. Just a follow up on the banks and the Post. Is there any different about the products that you plan on selling into either those two channels with respect to either the commissions, the premiums, and the benefit ratio and then how should we think about potential training expenses that you may incur as you start to get ramped-up into those channels, does that something that we need to sort of factor into our expense estimate?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the Post, is the easiest one to start with because we haven't decided or they haven't told us exactly what they want but in an effort to try to make sure we adhere to their request we are going to try to work out whatever type policies that they would want. But obviously we had some talk to know that we believe we can give what they want. As far as the banks, they have got more front end money, not more in terms of cost from our perspective but more in terms of they won't advance commissions more so than say some of the individual agents. So, from that standpoint it will be a little bit different, but Kriss, the cost is?
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director: Profit margins are expected to be very similar.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Profit margins would be similar since we are picking up on the Internet.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director: The difference in the timing of the commission, and again taking care of the DAC [inaudible] in your income statement?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, to the extent, once repeat the question.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Okay. The question was, does the timing of any payment of the commission gets reflected in the deferred cost and the like. Yes, it does. To the extent that the banks mostly want to accelerate the premiums. We have some limited paid products already in our portfolio. The banks like the limited paid products, and you normally get commission’s earlier on limited paid products since the premiums are paid earlier. So, some of that in terms of premium income recognition would be earlier, and the deferred cost, the commission pay-out and deferred costs capitalization will be somewhat earlier, but we're required to recognize profits over the life of the contract as opposed to the premium period. So, the profit recognition should be similar to our standard products.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse. Dan, it seems like your momentum in Japan has been gradually building. So, I guess, I'm a little surprised to hear you say the year is going to start out slow. Can you just give a little color on what's behind that? Because you're doing more preparation work for the new distribution outlets or… and can you frame that a little bit, are we talking about sales potentially going negative from a year-to-year standpoint to start the year?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think sales would be negative. I don't know what they will be, but I don't think they will be. But, I don't look for a big increase, I can't tell at this particular time, but I am cautiously optimistic that it's going to be building. What is happening right now is, is that a lot of our people are training the banks. Therefore, nothing is in production from the standpoint of our employees that help a lot. They… a lot of the internal staff that would help with all kind of things at the corporate level or whatever, we put this rush on, but it was planned. We did other things in the fourth quarter, so no one is shocked this is the way we did it. But we've got… we're putting all of our resources and to get them trained as first as we can. And so, it's that training process of them kind of being in the starting block, ready to go, and we've got to push them out the door and get them going. And so, that's what I say that. Now, I will say from a training perspective, we have some things going in on Japan and… Paul will still be responsible for the US, but I'm also putting a part of his bonus based on training and helping us in Japan, because it works so well in the US. I've got to make sure it carries over in Japan. So I might get him to talk a minute about training and how we are transferring it over and what we're doing.
Paul S. Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: Obviously, we saw a lot of success with training in the US. Beginning in 2005, coming and putting in the training department, really centralizing that we saw that it had a big effect. That's taking what we believe is back to the fundamentals. That was going and saying, these were things that the US people already did, teaching sales techniques and standardizing those techniques in an area. It took us about 27 months really to get things up to speed. We came in the beginning of 2005, third-quarter call of '05, Dan said took 18 more months. And so, you really saw that cycle happen. And Japan is different. You're talking about teaching techniques to people that are very different from the culture and the aspect you see there. So how long is the timeframe going to take? I really don't know, but I can tell you that the ABT system that they've built, the standardization has been done by Simi Cole [ph] and his team in Japan, I think, is excellent. I think it very much parallels what we are doing allowing for cultural adaptation. We continue to work with them on the individual side in what they're doing. Obviously, as Dan said, there is some shift in focus within training to make sure that the tellers and the different people in the banks are up to speed, but we believe that from an individual standpoint that things and changes they are making on training should long term begin to yield better results and, of course, with the cultural change it is a matter of time. Now, we have to look to see where it goes from here.
Eric Berg - Lehman Brothers: Eric Berg from Lehman. Dan, I'm sure that you and your colleagues have done just a tremendous amount of thinking about the slowdown that has taken place in Japan really over many years. I mean, if you are getting away from it whether if it is going to be 3% or 5% or 7% up, if you look at the level of production at present, it is really not all that different from what it was just a few years ago. And so, my question is, what do you think that is? And in particular my question is, do you think you've just had a… you and lots of other companies have had just sort of a string of bad luck whether it was the issue with claims payments or the new disclosure law, or is there something more sort of fundamental going on which would be kind of surprising given how rapid inflation is in Japan, medical inflation and the rising co-payment? It is just surprising that we had had this slowdown for so long and what do you think is really going on?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there is definitely more competition out there. We talked about that. We see that. We still are not allowed under the law to do a fair comparison. We cannot, they will not allow us to do that. We still have the best product at the best price, yet we have to be very careful the way we approach saying any of that and so that hurts us to some degree. So when there is so many new products and there is confusion in the marketplace, and you can't say here is product A and here is product B, compared them. It is more difficult. But at the same time, if you want to reflect back three years, and you realize that our profits were up 50% during that period of time. Something is going right, and it reflects also in our ability to sell products with higher profit margins. And so, overall although the sales may have slowed, the profits are there because of the higher profits. And I think it is all about profits. And as long as we're not worried about getting too higher profit margins that will be undercut by our competitors with better products, then we're in good shape, and we are constantly watching that. And I think that stems from the operating expense ratio and our ability to do that. Now, going forward, I think the opportunity is better going forward than it was three years ago because the channel is broad. There is more. You've got… now you have got ING Life [ph], you've, of course, our main traditional channel, which is the corporate agency structure that we've had since inception. We've created our own direct channel and we think it will grow. We now have the ING Life. We're now going to have banks, we are going to have postal and within that some will be up and some will be down, but overall I think we'll see continued growth in our sales. Will it be the old days of 15% growth. No. But will it be substantial? Yes. Do I think we can grow to 15% the corporate level through 2009. Personally, I think we can, although the company totally committed to it at this point. Do I think that we can grow for 10 years, beyond that, yes. Based on these assumptions of these sales numbers at these levels. So I still think it's a great market for us in Japan and I think it will continue to grow, because also I'm very encouraged about our new Gentle EVER product. If you go back and we are picking up niches that are making a difference. If you go back, take me for example, if I brought policy at 40 years old, and now I'm 56 and I had had something go wrong with me. I could not buy any more insurance. Let's assume I had… became a diabetic, which I am not, but let's just assume that I was, I could not buy the product. Well under Gentle EVER, I would be able to buy. Therefore we are broadening our market through products, new ideas or old products and a little bit more underwriting and much higher premiums to cover. But we are doing different things to grow the business. And I really believe the US and Japan both have enormous market potential long-term for us to make those corporate objectives of earnings per share going forward.
Tamara Kravec - Banc Of America Securities: Thanks. Tamara Kravec, Bank of America Securities. In terms of your share buyback, you had mentioned that it's funded with internal capital. And should we take that, I mean that you're very comfortable with your capital position or is that capital that would have otherwise been deployed in other avenues and in light of a potential recession in the US, how are you feeling about your capital position?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we feel very strong and confident regarding our statutory risk-based capital ratios. Last year, we were 600%. We have moved a significant amount of capital, probably $600 million to $700 million out of the life company into of the holding company and we still expect, even though our results aren't final yet, that our statutory RBC ratios would be higher at the end of 2007 than they were in 2006. So we've talked about excess capital for years. The investment community has questioned me about it for years, and we moved slowly sometimes, but we've finally become convinced that, yes, our statutory earning ability exceeds the rate of which we have deployed that capital. So in 2008, we expect to deploy some more of it. And this accelerated share repurchase we entered into is basically funded by money. We have already moved out of the life company into the parent company and it's like step one of our capital management program in 2008.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: Andrew Kligerman, UBS. Maybe, Dan you could give us a bit of the competitive landscape... just the landscape in Japan now as you see it? Has the competition intensified or slowed down a bit, a little color on that? What's the regulatory situation, we haven't heard much from the FSA? And then lastly you came out with the Gentle EVER product. Is there anything in the harbor right now that you might be working on?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: There were several questions, I'll try to remember. First is, if there is a new product, we're always looking for new products, but there is nothing we can talk about at this time that we gotten approved. But we're constantly reviewing and looking at them. I will say I think that the Gentle EVER product will take us through this year, but we are looking at that. The other question was the FSA, I met with the head of the FSA in January. I go and I meet with the Insurance Commissioner at least usually three times a year and I meet with head of the FSA at least once a year. And specifically, I asked the question about are you satisfied with all the things that we are doing in terms of addressing these issues. And, he is much more of a politician at that level versus a bureaucrat at the Insurance Commissioner level. And… but I can tell you that he think you realizes that everyone meaning the entire industry is correcting the issues, they are serious about it and my gut is that it's kind of past this and everything is fine. Saying that no one, but no one wants to make another mistake. Though, shame on you, second time shame on me, we don't want to make any more mistakes. So we have… everyone is doing that. But I think we came out when you look at all of it. I think we came out as a company that was doing about as well as you could do under the circumstances and I think… I think we walked away and I am very pleased with our results. And hopefully we'll never have any other issues, but it's size of the company and the number of policies you got in force, it can happen again, but I promise you one thing it won't be from our lack of trying to follow every possible guideline that we can. In the competitive environment, when I think of competition, I think of confusion more than better products. No one comes to mind, at every level, you know, think about this, we are in Cancer Insurance, we got the number one product with the number one seller. We get into Medical Insurance. As soon as we get into it we become the number one seller of Medical Insurance. Then all of a sudden we get into this the new Gentle EVER or the substandard products that we offer, now we're the number one seller of it. So we dominate the market as soon as we get into it. We're a little cautious, we weren't the first out of the block, we weren't the innovator in selling a higher premium medical product. We are very cautious and watching the loss ratios and making sure we make the decision. But once we know we got it, watch out we are coming and that's what happened with us. So I still think we dominate that market. And there is no one out there that worries us. If anything the FSA's requirements of and review of all the policies and procedures has scared all the competitors more than anything else. And that everybody else it's like a second tier product. And in our business it's all we do, and so we watch it better. So they don't want to take a chance and make a mistake. So they are very cautious right now. So I don't worry about that.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Let me add one thing that back on the product as you remember that Cancer Forte its first major revision to our product, our cancer product and so on. It just got started in September. We will be facing out the older product 21st Century Cancer Life this year and if you toss too much product at one time you're going to confuse them, doesn’t matter whether its US or Japan. So, we've seen a nice resurgence in the cancer expense business and that should continue.
Andrew Kligerman – UBS: You feel like… when the time comes you'll have something important like 4-K or--.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, yes, that's the name of the game. You always got to have something new. Periodically the key… have a reason to go back, if you sell, remember if you're selling indemnity products, then any type of inflation at all you go to go back and add better products to cover that increase in the inflation. And that's part of the game we have because we never rate increase based on the need for better product, you have a choice to buy it or not. So we have to do that. That's the way the system works with our company.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Last point, the competition issue. So, you're not seeing any major changes, still a lot of noise, no major shift in more or less?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: No, and we track it monthly. And we'll give you more detail at the Analyst Meeting in May as usual.
Patrick Lemmens - ABN Amro Asset Management: Patrick Lemmens, ABN Amro Asset Management. Well, if you talk about 3 to 7% growth expected in Japan, that translates into 4 to 10 if you start in April, basically, annualized. So I mean, I wonder how much of it coming from Cancer Insurance to the Post officers? Do you have a real expectation that, that will be a successful product? How can you know… it's a new product, I would say through a new channel. How do you know whether it will be a success beforehand? And then one, sorry, other question. I've just spent a week here, a lot of panic. Although you don't look… if you look at the markets, actually there is no panic. But commercial real state is the biggest problem right now it seems. Is there something which you could perhaps make use of, I don't know whether you're interested in it a lot right now, but perhaps when panic is at the highest opportunities.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all in terms of investing in real estate, the only real estate we own is where we use it for operational purposes. Our investment income and our pre-tax earnings have such a high correlation that… it's that predictability of earnings is what our investors have enjoyed and like, and that's what we've tried to do over the years and we have never gotten off track in the 18 years that I had been here, but in fact since the inception of the company. What was the other question?
Patrick Lemmens - ABN Amro Asset Management: About Japan Post.
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: About Japan Post. We don't know what it is going to do. We gave you a range of 3 to 7 and at this point we can't tell. We are not even sure that they don't win. We are going to actually have it approved to start selling. What I said is that at the end of the first quarter, which will be in April, we hope to have an update on more details of it. But at this point, as you can imagine in the numbers we don't have a whole lot of anything in it, but we're very comfortable that. And all I can go back to is, last year at this time when I told you we'd be up, flat to up 4%, we ended up at 2.5%. We get a pretty good analysis and some things we have got to guess it. We don't know of the… we don't know that this part will be a little bit less or a little more, or this one would be a little bit less or little more, but when you add it all together we generally can fall within a range and we are very comfortable with that 3 to 7. And in April maybe we can give you more update on the Post as soon as we know more, we will be glad to give you.
Kriss Cloninger III - President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director: Let me add one thing. I mean, it's a new channel for us, it's not a new channel for insurance. I mean, Japan Post [inaudible] is the largest insurance organization in the world, and they want to sell our cancer product, our cancer product has been a market leader since 1974, but we don't know exactly what that combination will do, but they do know how to sell insurance, and we know how to underwrite cancer insurance.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, Jason Zucker [ph], Viva Capital. Paul, my question is for you. Sales have been running very steadily for a long time. Maybe talk a little bit about the potential or what could be the potential for sales slowing in the U.S. and let me just throw out two things that perhaps you could answer too. One would be shrinking payroll because of a recession and two, a few years back, a problem in the U.S. was more structural with respect to Aflac where you had to split territories and maybe talk a little bit about the structural issues there and how much you have to grow, to keep growing into your current structure, and maybe there's a third, and I'll let you add that if there's something else you worried about in terms of hitting your targets?
Paul S. Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: The economy is not well correlated to what we do in the U.S. So it's a result of the fact that when people are out of work and payrolls start shrinking, generally our recruiting is easier and the fact of the matter is when we bring on more agents traditionally, we've been able to yield more producers. Now again, we've made the shift to average weekly producers and I'm not trying to send a message of massive recruiting, but in a down economy it does give us a boost. It, kind of I believe, not necessarily insulates us by any means, but it certainly gives us a chance to go out and produce more and see something positive happen as a result. You asked about sales slowing. I can tell you that week 51, we divide all our weeks by number, 51 was the second to the last week of the year. We had the best week in company history, and as a result, our agents pushed further into the year than I've ever seen them push and we talked a little bit about first quarter potentially being a little bit slow. It's just because they pushed that hard. They've been pushing hard for three years and they pushed the hardest I've ever seen them into this quarter and these are independent contractors who are going to take vacation when they want to take vacation, and so the fact of the matter is could we see a slowing in a single 13 week period? Yes. Are we going to see a slowing of the U.S. business? No. U.S. business looks great. I am more confident than ever in what we are doing. I believe that the fundamentals that we put in place since 2005 in terms of training, in terms of the consistency across the organization, building the right leaders, hearing the right message across this organization, all look better. Add to that the fact that every day there are more articles about healthcare than perhaps any other issue out there, people are taking notice of what we're doing. Before 2000, nobody knew what we did, nobody knew our name and nobody cared. Today, everybody cares, and the fact that we're out there and providing a product that people need, that each year is growing in need because of the amount of money that's being off shipped into an individual directly, I believe absolutely goes right to the reason there's tremendous demand for our products. Overall, I'm seeing things onward and upward and I believe 8 to 12… we're 6 to 10 last year even though it was a down-shift because of one big reenrollment. I think the fact we've shifted it back to 8 to 12 only shows you the strength that we feel in the business and what's going to happen again. I feel like this year, we've got some really good potential out there, did I answered it or do you have another one?
Unidentified Analyst: How about structurally where you needed to go back and split territories? You've been growing and recruiting, where are you in that the process where maybe you have to go through some of that reengineering again. What do you see that we don't?
Paul S. Amos II - President of Aflac, Chief Operating Officer - U.S. Operations: Yes, we slowed down… we went through a tremendous amount… through 2003, sales were going so well that we had people who no longer really needed to be in some of those positions, and in the end of 2003 when the game was up and sales started to get much tougher we saw a massive turnover at those levels, so through '04 and '05 we really saw us have to re-grade bring up some of the leaders from above and below and increase the trickle down effect of everybody else moving up to specific levels. I believe we're much more consistent now. I believe we have a younger, hungrier workforce that's running our operations and I believe the tenure age is lower so it is going to allow us to be successful for a long time. I believe the infrastructure and the territory level we have in place, in eight territories, is the right one. For us, we've maintained our state sales coordinator operations within a limited growth range over the last year and I believe we're doing the right things. I think we've made some changes but there are always going to be some changes. There are always going to be operations doing very well and there are always going to be operations not doing well. If we ever have a quarter where everybody is doing well I'm scared to death because we are never going to overcome it the following year. We always want there to be some good, some bad, but overall, everything moving in the right direction, so Jason, I just feel like structurally we're there. We got the right people, we're still making changes, but I feel very confident about the team.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: We've got to go to another venue tonight, so we've got time for one more question and then we have to go, I apologize. Bill?
Unidentified Analyst: All right, nice to see you once again. I've mentioned this before, but isn't it axiomatic that the average return for the Japanese retired person is very poor by our standards and we know what little returns you get from postal savings and why this, I'm not asking to talk about a product but why isn't that a huge market in terms of providing annuity or a whole life policy that would give them superior return and compete with the mutual fund industry?
Daniel P. Amos - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Partly because the yields available in yen Markets for short-term securities are very low and when you match assets and liabilities, it just hadn't been a market that appeals to us. We've looked at selling asset accumulation products in Japan and there are really two main issues that we've dealt with from a strategic perspective. One is with the low interest rate environment, are you exposing yourself to the potential for dis-intermediation and if we've got a significant increase in interest rates in Japan over some period of time, I used to be a lot more concerned about that than I am now, having experienced low interest rate environments for so long. But the second thing we've always come back to is, do we have a distribution system in place that could really sell asset accumulation products that are fairly marginal in terms of profitability, compared to the products in the third sector, supplemental insurance, that are much more profitable? So from an overall perspective of, how do you most effectively utilize your distribution system to maximize profits, we've stayed with the supplemental insurance, and we feel like that's been a winning combination.
Kenneth S. Janke - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations: Again, thank you all for joining us tonight. We hope we see you again very soon. If you have any questions, please call Robin or myself at any time.
