===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Globe Life First Quarter 2025 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Alan and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. Please note, this call is being recorded and for the duration, your lines will be on listen-only. However, you'll have the opportunity to ask questions at the end. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Stephen Mota, Senior Director of Investor Relations, to begin today's conference. Thank you.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda, and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2024 a 10-K on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen and good morning everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $255 million or $3.01 per share compared to $254 million or $2.67 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $259 million or $3.07 per share, an increase of 10% from a year ago and slightly higher than our internal projections. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through March 31st is 19% and book value per share is $64.5. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity is 14.1% and book value per share as of March 31st is $87.92, up 11% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the first quarter increased 3% from the year ago quarter to $830 million. Life underwriting margin was $337 million up 9% from a year ago, driven by premium growth and lower overall policy obligations. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be between 42% and 44%. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 8% to $370 million, while health underwriting margin was down 10% to $85 million, due primarily to higher claim costs at United American resulting from higher utilization. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow in the range of 7.5% to 8.5% and anticipate health underwriting margin as a percent of premium to be between 24% and 26%. Administrative expenses were $88 million for the quarter. The increase over the year ago quarter is primarily due to higher information technology, employee and legal costs. For the year, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7.4% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the first quarter marketing operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $438 million and the life underwriting margin was up 5% to $196 million. In the first quarter of 2025, net life sales were $99 million up 1% from a year ago. And as a reminder, we had a difficult comparable this quarter as American Income had a 17% increase in life sales in the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 11,510, up 3% from a year ago. The average agent count declined from the fourth quarter, but I would attribute this to the tremendous agency growth produced over the last couple of years. From the fourth quarter of 2022 to the fourth quarter of 2024, average agent count grew 29%. And it is typical for our agencies to see some contraction after periods of significant recruiting success. We are pleased to see productivity has increased as more agents are submitting weekly, and I'm confident, we will see continued growth in this agency going forward. Now at Liberty National, here the life premiums grew 6% over the year ago quarter to $96 million and life underwriting margin was up 3% to $32 million. Net life sales increased 4% to $22 million, while net health sales were $7 million down 5% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 3,688, and this is up 8% from a year ago. I continue to be excited by the agent count growth at Liberty National, which is primarily driven by recruiting activity and growth in agency middle management, and is a good leading indicator for continued sales growth at this division. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 9% over the year ago quarter to $112 million and health underwriting margin increased 10% to $39 million. Net health sales were up 7% to $27 million and this is due primarily to an increase in agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,417, up 9% from a year ago. And this is three consecutive quarters of strong agent count growth for this division and is driven by this agency's focus on recruiting and middle management development. In our direct-to-consumer division, the life premiums were down 1% over the year ago quarter to $246 million while life underwriting margin increased 10% to $64 million. Net life sales were $25 million, down 12% from the year ago quarter. And as we have previously mentioned, the continued decline in sales is primarily due to lower customer inquiries, as we have reduced marketing spend on certain campaigns that did not meet our profit objectives, as a result of higher distribution cost. Our focus in this area is having a positive impact on our overall margin, as we will continue to focus on maximizing the underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring new business. And the value of our direct-to-consumer business is not only those sales directly attributable to this channel, but the significant support that is provided to our agency business through brand impressions and sales leads. And as we mentioned last year, we expect this division to generate over 750,000 leads during 2025, which will be provided to our exclusive agencies. Now on to United American General Agency. Here the health premiums increased 13% over the year ago quarter to $160 million driven by strong prior year sales growth. Health underwriting margin was $2 million, down approximately $10 million from the year ago quarter due to higher claim costs resulting primarily from higher utilization. For the year, we anticipate mid single-digits growth in underwriting margin due to strong sales and premium rate actions. And as a reminder, the majority of the premium rate increases for 2025 on individual Medicare supplement business will take effect, starting in the second quarter. Net health sales were $28 million and this is up $11 million from the year ago quarter. Now I'd like to discuss projections. And based on recent trends we are seeing in our experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for the full year 2025 to be as follows: at American Income, mid single-digits growth; at Liberty National, high single-digits growth; and at Family Heritage, low double-digits growth. And we are reaffirming the life and health sales guidance we gave on the last earnings call. And as a reminder, net life sales for 2025 are expected to be as follows: American Income, high single-digits growth; Liberty National, low double-digits growth; direct-to-consumer, low to mid single-digits growth; and for health sales, we expect Liberty National, Family Heritage and United American General Agency to all have low double-digits growth. Now before I turn the call back over to Frank for investment operations, I want to note that, with respect to the inquiries made by the SEC and the DOJ discussed on previous calls, there have been no material developments to disclose at this time. To the extent there is further information to share on any of these items, we will update you accordingly. I'll now turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. Now turning to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income, less only required interest, was $36 million, down approximately $8 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $281 million down 1% from the year ago quarter as compared to a 1.3% growth in invested assets. Required interest is up a little more than 2% over the year ago quarter, consistent with growth in average policy liabilities. The growth in average invested assets and average policy liabilities are lower-than-normal due to the impact of the annuity reinsurance transaction in the fourth quarter, which involved approximately $460 million of annuity reserves being transferred to a third-party along with supporting assets. Net investment income was also negatively impacted by lower short-term interest rates. For the full year 2025, we expect net investment income to be fairly flat and required interest to grow around 2.5%, resulting in excess investment income to be down 7% to 15% for the year. With regard to investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $245 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. These investments were at an average yield of 6.4% at an average rating of A- and an average life of 43 years. We also invested approximately $51 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships with debt like characteristics and an average expected cash return of approximately 8.5%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involve office properties. These non-fixed maturity investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments, while still being in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.25%, up one basis point from the first quarter of 2024. As of March 31st, the portfolio yield was 5.26%. Including the investment income from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships, the first quarter earned yield was 5.4%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $21.4 billion, including $19 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.5 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A- same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.5 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position, as it is mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 45% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 47% from the year ago quarter. This percentage is at its lowest level since 2007. As we have discussed on prior calls, we believe the BBB securities we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rate or equity markets. While the percentage of our invested assets comprised of BBB bonds might be a little higher than some of our peers, remember that, we have little or no exposure to other higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Below investment grade bonds remain at historical lows at $506 million compared to $542 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to total fixed maturities is just 2.7%. Our below investment grade bonds as a percent of equity, excluding AOCI, are at their lowest level in over 30 years. While there are clearly uncertainties as to where The U.S. economy is headed in the upcoming months, we are well-positioned to withstand a significant economic downturn. Due to the long duration of our fixed policy liabilities, we invest in long-dated assets. As such, a critical and foundational part of our investment philosophy is to invest in entities that can survive through multiple economic cycles. In addition, we have very strong underwriting profits and long-dated liabilities. So we will not be forced to sell any of our bonds in order to pay claims. With respect to our anticipated investment acquisitions for the year, at the midpoint of our full year guidance, we assume investment of approximately $600 million to $700 million in fixed maturities at an average yield of 6% to 6.2% and approximately $300 million to $500 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average expected cash return of 7% to 9%. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Tom Kalmbach: I'll spend a few more minutes discussing our available liquidity, share repurchase program and capital position. The parent began the year and ended the quarter with liquid assets of approximately $90 million. We anticipate concluding the year with liquid assets at the higher end of our targeted range of $50 million to $60 million. During the first quarter, the company repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares of below life common stock for a total cost of approximately $177 million at an average share price of $121.70, thus, including shareholder dividend payments of $20 million. For the quarter, the company returned approximately $197 million to shareholders during the first quarter of 2025. The parent's liquid asset at the end of the quarter, along with the excess cash flows expected to be generated over the last 3 quarters of the year, will provide the parent with $375 million to $725 million to meet the -- sorry, $675 million to $725 million to meet the needs of the parent or that or that can be returned to shareholders in the form of dividends or share repurchases. In April, we used approximately $47 million to repurchase Globe Life common stock. And for the remainder of 2025, we anticipate using approximately $65 million for shareholder dividends. The total amount of excess cash flows in 2025 is higher than in 2024 primarily because of higher statutory earnings in 2024 than in 2023 and due to the inclusion of an extraordinary dividend of approximately $190 million approved late in 2024. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, primarily results from the dividends received by the parent permits subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and is available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends and through share repurchases. We will continue to use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return renewable to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of the parent's excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. However, we also intend to reduce outstanding commercial paper balances over the course of the year to be more in line with historical levels. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to new -- to issue new insurance policies implement new technologies and enhance operational capabilities and modernize existing information technology as well as to acquire new long-duration assets to fund their future cash needs. The remaining amount is sufficient to support our targeted capital levels at our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program in 2025. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $600 million to $650 million of share repurchases will occur over the full year. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. As of year-end 2024, our consolidated RBC ratio was 316%, which provides approximately $100 million of capital in excess of that needed to meet our minimum target capital of 300%. As we do every quarter, we have performed stress tests in our investment portfolio under multiple economic scenarios, anticipating various levels of downgrades and defaults. If the estimated losses under our stress -- stress tests were to occur before year-end, we have concluded that we have sufficient capital to man our target RBC ratios, given the current excess capital at our subsidiaries and capital resources of the parent, while maintaining our share repurchases as planned. For 2025, we intend to maintain our consolidated RBC within the targeted range of 300% to 320%. In addition, as mentioned on previous calls, we continue to evaluate the opportunity to manage capital under an economic framework available in Bermuda. We expect to conclude this work in 2025 and intend to provide an update on the strategic decisions made on the next call. Now with regards to policy obligations for the current quarter. As we discussed in prior calls, we have included within the supplemental financial information available on our website and exhibit that details the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. For the quarter, life remeasurement gain was $8.5 million. This was favorable to management's estimates and resulted in lower life policy obligations than anticipated. The health remeasurement gain was about $400,000. In other life distribution, during the quarter, we completed the recapture of a reinsurance agreement that involved a small block of business associated with our military life business. This resulted in a onetime favorable impact to life margins of approximately $14 million. There have been no changes to our long-term assumptions this quarter as we will update life and health assumptions in the third quarter of 2025. Due to the continued favorable mortality we are experiencing, we anticipate a favorable margin impact in the third quarter for life assumption updates as recent mortality and lapse experience are incorporated into these new assumptions. At this time, our guidance anticipates a remeasurement gain in the third quarter related to life assumption updates in the range of $60 million to $100 million similar to third quarter's life remeasurement gain last year. As Frank mentioned, we anticipated life margins as a percent of premium to be in the range of 42% to 44% for the full year. However, for the first half of the year, we expect life margins as a percent of premium to be in the range of 40% to 41% and 43% to 46% in the second half of the year, given the anticipated favorable impact from third quarter life assumption updates. For the Health segment, we anticipate health obligations will continue to be elevated given recent claim trends outpacing premium rate increases on individual and group Medicare supplement business. This appears to be largely impacted by an increase in a select set of procedures taking place in doctors' offices. In addition, although a portion of the premium rate increases for '25 were effective late in the first quarter, the majority are effective in April, and we will reflect -- in addition, we will reflect recent claim trends in our 2025 premium rate filings, which will be effective in 2026. So finally, with respect to earnings guidance in 2025. For the full year 2025, we reaffirm our previous guidance and estimated net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $13.45 to $14.05, representing 11% growth at the midpoint of our range. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Matt.
Matt Darden: Thanks, Tom. Those are our comments, and we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jack Matton, BMO Capital Markets.
Jack Matten: Just a question for Al for health margins. How much of a lag usually between kind of the rate actions you've taken and when do you usually see the benefit flow into your results? I think you mentioned some of the rate increases took effect on April 1. So should we see significant step up in March starting in the second quarter? Or is there a bit of a timing impact that we should be thinking about?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. No, almost all the rate increases will be effective or in place in the beginning of the second quarter. So we'll see the full benefit of those rate increases. We'd expect margins for UAGA to be in the 5% to 7% range. So about 6% overall for the year.
Jack Matten: Got it. Okay. And then, I mean, in the health business, you recorded a smaller measurement gain even though, I guess, reported margins for the segment were a little bit weaker year-over-year basis. So I'm just curious what was driving like an outcome in the quarter?
Tom Kalmbach: There's just -- in the current accounting framework under LDTI, there is just a little bit of volatility that's related to the way that operates for Medicare supplement business where rate increases are an aggregate rate increase for the entire block. And so there's some cohorts of business where that rate increase is not enough and there's some cohorts of business where that rate increase is more than sufficient. So it creates a little bit of volatility on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I would just add that if you look at United American, they had a slight negative remeasurement gain, whereas with respect to Liberty, American Come and Family Heritage, they all had small remeasurement gains and the net of those was about the $400 million or $400 -- $1,000 that Tom had mentioned.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: I had a question first on your EPS guidance for the year. And you grew sort of in line with your guidance this quarter, but the third quarter is obviously very tough comps. So just wondering what gives you the confidence that you can achieve maybe the middle end of the range? Or should we assume, given the results this quarter that you're much more comfortable with the lower end, but decided not to change the range as a result of that?
Tom Kalmbach: Jimmy, we're very comfortable with the range. I think one of the things we've been wanting to see is actually the continued trends of favorable mortality, which would lead to a life mortality assumption update. And we've seen really good mortality results in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and now in the first quarter, which gives us a bit more confidence in -- and as we reflect that experience in our assumption updates, we'll see some favorable remeasurement gains due to those updates.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Then I would just say just to that, Jimmy, that I mean we are reflecting some of the negative utilization trends that we're seeing from the UAGA side. So we are expecting that to be a little lower over the course of the year, and you kind of see the range of underwriting margin percentage coming down on that a little bit. And that's being offset the negatives of that are being offset with some of the positive views that we have with respect to the underwriting margins. Maybe I'll let Matt talk just a little bit about, I think, some of the views on sales and why there's some confidence there.
James Darden: Sure. And Jimmy, just to your point, I was going to also mention that the third quarter, the remeasurement gain would be probably in the range of magnitude of what we had last year. So that also kind of gives us some confidence as Tom had mentioned our positive mortality experience over the last 3 quarters that were -- so that's really why we're reaffirming our guidance back to the midpoint, not at the lower end of the range. And on the sales side, we're seeing good positive trends there. We normally don't discuss kind of current -- we're a month through the second quarter here. And so we've got -- what we're seeing is very strong recruiting and agent count growth as well as sales are in line with our expectations. And so reaffirming our sales guidance for the year based on what we saw in Q1 with our expectations and then what we're seeing here early through the month of April in Q2. But our average agent count just in the month of April is up 3% over where we were ending March, and it's also higher than where we ended at the end of last year. So not uncommon for us to see a little bit of seasonality at the beginning of the year. And that's what we saw a little bit of weakness, frankly, in January and then that ramped up toward the latter half of Q1, and that's continuing -- that trend is continuing on here through the month of April.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And Jimmy, one last thing I'll add on to that. I think with some of the better trends that we anticipate for sales for the remainder of the year, some of the -- I may call it, the drag in life premium growth around 3% here for the first quarter, a little lower than we would like to see. But so we see that really the effects of some of the new sales. And as I -- we think we anticipated the last is at least stabilizing here over the course of the year. And so as we kind of get to the latter half of the year, still able to -- seeing that premium growth pick up a little bit in the second half of the year being more in that 4.5% to 5% range and getting that premium life premium growth for the full year to be closer to that 4%.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then on your life business, if we look at the non-deferrable commissions and policy acquisition spend, for the Life division. It's been running up over the past in 1Q than it's been in the previous several quarters. So wondering how much of that is economic in terms of you having to spend more money to originate sales versus maybe the result of LDTI or accounting-related items.
Frank Svoboda: A lot of that, Jimmy, is really just due to some of the higher investments that we've been making in information technology. And as those systems come on, the depreciation from those as well as the software from the service and what we're paying for that and the data and analytics is being allocated to the investor to the acquisition side. So that's deferrable. So we're just seeing a little bit of that tick up just because of some of that higher largely because of some of the higher technology spend.
James Darden: Okay. And just the last one on your health margin. It seems like for the [indiscernible] product for you guys and many of the other companies, usage has gone up, so you guys have been raising prices, but it's sort of a constant catch-up where usage continues and claims continue to go up, and you're having to catch up to that. Do you feel that with the higher prices earning in, in 2Q and beyond, did margins are going to be at normal levels? Or is it more you're probably going to need to raise prices more as you get into 2026 season given just claims usage and inflation?
Tom Kalmbach: I think today we need to see exactly what happens. But I think one of the things that gives me confidence is, I think this is a very manageable issue when we see short-term increases in health trends that we can, in fact, manage that through rate increases. It may take us a year or 2 to effectively get those caught up. So it may be a little bit longer than a year. But we've been very successful in the past, getting those rate increases approved by regulators. And so I'd expect improvement in 2026 and if we continue to see trends that might be a little -- we always have a little bit of a timing delay. So we may actually see a little bit of a delay in actually getting back to kind of normal margins. But I think the other thing to think about is this is largely around Medicare Supplement business, right? And so for our other health lines, we're not seeing the same level of claim costs. And Medicare supplement really from a total underwriting margin perspective is really in that 3% to 4% range of total underwriting margin. So it's a fairly small set of just the core underwriting margins that we see from the business.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I guess, is on some of the capital stuff. So you guys -- the Q1 buyback, right, was I guess, a bit elevated relative to what the annual guide would imply on a quarterly basis. But I know you guys also said right there's some going to pay down some commercial paper, so how do we think about, I guess, capital return over the back 3 quarters? Are you thinking it's just even relative to hitting the guide? Or would you potentially, depending upon your stock price, look to front run some of the buyback to earlier Q2, Q3, et cetera?
Tom Kalmbach: Generally, we think normally ratable throughout the year, but we will take advantage of kind of market opportunities. So I could see us buying a little bit more in the first half of the year relative to the second half of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my follow-up, you guys were talking about, I guess, Bermuda, which you're also talking about a bit last quarter. Just any updates there relative to what's going on this quarter? And I know you guys have been talking about that more being something that's beneficial in '26 and into 2027?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, we're still working through it. And so we will plan to update you on the next call.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Kligerman, TD Securities.
Andrew Kligerman: So going back to the health margins, you had been guiding to to -- you're guiding now to '24 to '26 versus '25 to '27. And I'm thinking you kind of gave a time frame where you start to see improvement in '26, but you really don't get to where you need to be or would like to normally be until '27, if I understand it correctly. Could you give us a sense of what historically have been normal margins and maybe work through the timeline, when you're actually going to get the price increases, it's going to be gradual. Maybe just walk through the timeline a little more granularly where a normal historic ratio has been?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Andrew, I'll start on that and then let Tom or Matt add. But you do look at kind of the post LDTI, the margins on that business on the UAGA side have been a little bit on the side that 10% to 11%. And I think from an overall health somewhere more in the upper 20s overall as a margin percent of premium income. I think with respect to UAGA, and they're in the mid up specifically, we would be looking into taking -- getting the cost and the higher utilization that we're seeing here in the last couple of quarters and at least here early in '25 and working those into our third quarter premium rate adjustments that we'd be filing that would be effective in 2026. Depending upon where the utilization trends kind of take how those emerge over the remainder of the year will really kind of inform whether or not can we really capture all of the increase that we need in the third quarter make filings or not? Or is there some of that, that will be -- that we're chasing a little bit into 2027 as well. We do anticipate getting the full margins for that UAGA to be closer to that 5% to 7% range. So second half of the year being a little bit north of that because the -- at least the utilization that we're seeing here in the first quarter clearly outran the impacts of the premium increases that we had put into place. We do think with the premium, the majority of our premium increase is coming into play here in the second quarter, that will help over the course of over the remainder of the year.
Andrew Kligerman: That was very helpful. Maybe shifting over to the life insurance premium. You've been guiding to that, and you mentioned it on this call, you've been guiding to 4.5%, 5%, and now you're looking at 4% through the year. Could you give a little more color on lapsation, why you're maybe seeing a little higher, more elevated lapsation and how to think about that going forward?
Tom Kalmbach: I think from a lapse perspective, at American Income, we have seen a little bit higher lapses in the first year. And a question for us is whether that fluctuations or trend and as virtual sales kind of just driving a more normal higher lapse level in the first year. But I would say that the renewal rates for AIL have been fairly consistent over the past 4 quarters. So those seem to have stabilized. I think DTC lapse rates are consistent with prior quarters and maybe slightly improved in the first year, which is a good sign, and renewal lapse rates are fairly consistent with historical levels as well. So those seem to be all going very well. I think it's kind of a testament to the resiliency of our customers even in times of economic stress, our lapse rates moved just a little bit plus or minus depending upon what the economic environment is. And then for Liberty, that's first -- overall, that has been relatively stable as well. So I think we're feeling okay about lapses, we'll certainly keep an eye on it. And then I do think that sales that emerge over the course of the second half of the year will actually add to premium growth above first quarter sales growth. And so that's kind of where we're looking at around 4% premium growth -- life premium growth for the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Andrew, the one thing I'll add to that is that we did start seeing some of the lapse especially in the first year at AIL and maybe a little bit on DTC tick up towards the latter half. So obviously, that just kind of look at it period-over-period as those increases in lapse rates year-over-year take effect that has a drag on premium growth on the same year-over-year period. As we kind of look out over the latter half of the year, we kind of see some of this stabilizing even though they're maybe running a little bit higher than long-term averages, just because of some of the economic uncertainty. But when we look back at other periods of some economic stress where the rates that we're seeing even at -- especially at American Income on their first year are not out of line at all but as we think -- look at the comparables then in the latter half of the year, we see that as really being stabilizing. And so that will help with the period-over-period premium growth as well. Yes. Maybe just 1 other comment is we don't see dramatic changes in lapse rates even in periods of economic stress. They're relatively narrow changes. And kind of as we've looked at this for AIL and DTC under where there's been more economic stress, the lapse rates of renewal years have moved less than 1% to a little bit over 1% depending upon the policy duration. So again, I think really a testament of the resiliency of our in-force book business.
Andrew Kligerman: And then just -- and that was very helpful. One last quick one. I saw a line item for legal proceedings, $4.8 million. Maybe this is not an answerable question, but would that be an indication that maybe you're coming towards the tail end of the back and forth with the regulators? Is this an indication that we can be more of these type expenses? I don't know. I was just kind of throwing it out there to see if there's some kind of read through on that number, which I hadn't seen before.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, I don't know if there's anything to read through that, Andrew, I think from time to time, we're subject to litigation and it's common in the industry -- the insurance industry, so the uptick in litigation claims expenses over the past several quarters, they've really been stemming from a made by resort seller. So some of that hopefully subsides. And this quarter, the legal proceedings includes an estimate for settlements related to an outstanding litigation, not related to the DOJ, SEC matters as well as certain other legal expenses as well. So there is a number of items that can come through there, but they're usually not related to the normal operations of the business and not indicative of past performance or future operations, and that's why we put them below the line.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wilma Burdis, Raymond James.
Wilma Burdis: Does the higher life margin in the second half of 2025 and fly a more favorable run rate in 2026 and beyond? Or how should we think about that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think after you end up making the assumption changes, I think from a policy obligations perspective, you would expect it to be a little bit higher of run rate going forward. Then keep in mind we are continuing to still see over the next couple of years, at least probably into '26. Some of the increases in amortization expense just because of the transition to LDTI that we talked about in the prior calls as well as kind of the renewal commissions. So there's probably a little bit of a tick up in the amortization that we're still going to see over the next couple of years. So I think looking forward, it's probably somewhat probably in the range, yes.
Tom Kalmbach: So probably similar range what we see in the first half of -- what we stated in the first half of '25.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, yes.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. And then life sales were below a full year, '25 guides in the first quarter, but you maintained the full year outlook. Could you just talk about some of the dynamics in the quarter and what you're seeing over the balance of the year?
James Darden: Sure. Really, January was softer than we anticipated. And as we've talked before, a little bit of recruiting and sales on the agency side is kind of a momentum game as they would say. And so with both Christmas and New Year's falling in the middle of 2 weeks running kind of really started all of our agencies off to a little bit of a slow start in January that ticked up through the remainder of the quarter. And so as I mentioned to an answer of an earlier question, we also looked at what was going on in April. And April sales are consistent with our expectations as well as our agent count growth in April as compared to March or as compared to the prior year-end is higher. It's about a 3% higher just in the month of April, our agent count across all 3 agencies. And so that trend that we were seeing in the last half of is continuing now here in the first part of Q2. Now I'll have the caveat of one quarter -- I mean, one month does not a quarter make, but the trends continue to be positive. And so that gave us the confidence to reaffirm our sales guidance for the year for all of our various distributions because we're really not seeing anything significantly different than what our expectations were.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Barnidge, Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: You talked about intention to have an opportunity to reduce commercial paper this year. Where do you intend to get it to?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, the -- our commercial paper balance is historically have been in that $300 million range. And so we're kind of looking to bring it down from where we are today, right around $410 million closer to that $300 million, $325 million range.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And John, if you kind of look back at a few years back 2022, '23, we were probably in about 3% of our total total capitalization, including the short-term debt, it's about 3%. Last year, it got -- we ran that up a little bit more, and it's closer to 4%. So probably we're going to bringing it back closer to that level, that 3% level.
Tom Kalmbach: And John, we're looking at a debt to capital ratio at the end of the year, right around 25%, which is kind of in the midpoint of kind of our operating range for our normal operating range for debt to capital ratios.
John Barnidge: That's helpful. My follow-up question. Is the increase in health usage more frequency or severity-driven, I was reading about some human bandage fraud article reasons. So [indiscernible].
Tom Kalmbach: It's a great question, John. It is -- utilization is the big driver. But one of the causes of utilization increase is related to claims related to bandages, these specialty bandages, which does have a higher claim cost to it. So it's adding a little bit to the average claim cost as well. And that's something that we are taking action on to mitigate the impact of any fraud that's apparent that -- from those billings. So we're taking actions there to help manage those costs.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think one of the challenges on that, John, is that given that some of those new procedures, and I think the article that was out there, kind of talked about that is that they can be higher cost until they really get work through and then they become kind of more of a standard Medicare reimbursement rates and then that would tend to bring the rates down. But at least, that is at least one of the drivers, and we're seeing a few other procedures that are being done in the doctor's office that are also giving rise at least to some of higher -- higher cost.
James Darden: Yes. I was going to say, I think that's some of the things that give us confidence that we can manage through this like we've done for the decades that we've been writing this business is that a lot of our trend is associated with a few specific procedures in the office. And so as we work through that, as Frank mentioned, the adjustments that most likely it will happen on the allowables as these new procedures get into the CMS allowables. Then going forward, coupled with continued right action, I think we'll be able to [indiscernible].
Frank Svoboda: Yes. As Tom mentioned, this is actually one of the areas that we're really trying to spend some time and looking at how do we use some artificial intelligence, use our data to really try to identify areas of potentially fraudulent claims that are coming through, working with CMS to try to stem some of that, but really taking a look where we might have some of that not always can we get it done before we end up paying a claim because of the way we're connected with CMS, but we continue to make advances on where we can reduce some of that fraud cost on our side.
James Darden: All those trends or industry trends, they're not unique to United American.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tom Gallagher, Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: My first question is just in your guidance for '25 on health margins, are you assuming that this claims frequency issue stabilizes at current level, gets better, gets worse? What is the trend assumption you're using? It sounds like you got your arms around the rate increase earn in. But what about the -- on the claims side? What are you assuming?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. We are assuming that stays [indiscernible] expected to moderate just a little bit in the second half of the year, which it tends to moderate generally as deductibles are used up that we're able to -- the trend will tend to moderate a little bit in the second half of the year.
Thomas Gallagher: So when you say it remains elevated, so at a comparable level to Q1?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes.
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Tom Kalmbach: But again, just to be clear, the level of Q1 from an obligation perspective doesn't reflect the premium rate increases that are coming into play for the remaining 3 quarters of the year.
Thomas Gallagher: Understood. The -- my follow-up is how do we think about what all of this means for '25 statutory earnings? Because I the reserve release that you -- the $60 million to $100 million, is that GAAP only? Or is there any statutory impact for that? Because I presume the stat earnings on the health side side are going to be consistent with GAAP, meaning they'll be weaker. But life, I'm a little less clear on whether you will see some kind of benefit? Or is that a gap only in meaning long-winded way of asking, is '25 stat earnings likely to be weaker than '24.
Tom Kalmbach: That's a great question. The $60 million to $100 million is a GAAP assumption of locking. So it's GAAP only. But when we see favorable claims trends, 100% of those that benefit comes through on the statutory side. generally, there's a smoothing mechanism that spreads good claims or bad claims over the future. So we should -- favorable mortality will impact statutory results in a favorable way as well.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The one...
Thomas Gallagher: So -- sorry, go ahead.
Frank Svoboda: Well, to say as we think about '25 statutory earnings versus '24 statutory earnings, I think I just wanted to make clear while I agree with Tom that the favorable experience that we're seeing will work its way through to income as well. Remember that we did have that the reserve revaluation adjustment in 2024 and as Tom has talked about on the last call, while we still anticipate some continuing benefits from that in 2025, we don't anticipate seeing them at the same level that we had in 2024. So there will be a little less statutory generated from that reserve valuation adjustment probably to the tune of roughly $75 million or so.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Krueger, KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I had a related follow-up. I think you gave the free cash flow for the rest of the year. I was trying to back into, I think, the first quarter, but I figured I would just ask -- you just have the full year free cash flow expectation for this year?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, excess cash flow is expected to be $785 million to $835 million for the full year, unchanged from where it was .
Ryan Krueger: And then I guess, just kind of coming back to what you were just talking about, so that when thinking about the moving pieces next year, are the -- you'll get -- you won't have the reinsurance benefit and then you'll have less of the valuation manual benefit. Are those the two key moving pieces we should think about?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The reinsurance benefit we won't have and then less of an impact on the valuation manual changes but also a favorable impact to just growth in the business and the favorable mortality trends that we're seeing. Kind of in my estimation, run rates for excess cash flows would be in the $500 to $600 range kind of going forward, I think more midpoint of that range.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wes Carmichael, Autonomous Research.
Wesley Carmichael: On the remeasurement gains and assuming $60 million to $100 million with the 3Q review, are those pretty much baked in your view? Or could there be some deviation? And I guess it's not that small of a range at $40 million. So maybe what might drive that higher or lower in the next couple of quarters? And really, what -- is that the determinant of where you come in, in your EPS guide, do you think?
Tom Kalmbach: It's definitely included in our guidance range, right? So that is part of what's incorporated in there. On the pluses and minuses, it really is -- it's a very detailed process to go through setting the assumptions. And so we -- the assumptions are very, I'm going to say, detailed with regards to issue years, issue ages, attained ages, genders, so there's a lot of pluses and minuses that go across. And so until we actually put those into our valuation systems that will kind of determine exactly what that result is. So -- so I think until we do that, that's why we have a bit of a wider range as far as where we think that estimate will be. So it's really kind of the implementation of changes and the final determination and judgment around what changes are made.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The one thing I would just add to that is that, I mean, that's kind of what we've seen here through the first quarter, as Tom kind of mentioned before, we really like to see, again, how does mortality and lapses really prove out in the second quarter because that will have some influence on it. It's not a final determination on it. But it's the ability to kind of test those final assumptions and where they kind of land. So just -- and because the reserves are as big as they are, minor changes on some of those assumptions can move that number around a little bit. So while there's some pretty good confidence range, it definitely come just a little bit of what we see here in the second quarter and how that kind of influences those final decisions.
Wesley Carmichael: Great. That's helpful. And I guess just a quick follow-up. But the rate increases that you're going to have in Health and MedSup, do you expect some elevated as policyholders receive those rate increases?
Tom Kalmbach: We definitely see a bit of drop off when we do rate increases. But in general, I think they value the coverage that they have. And they're fairly existent.
Frank Svoboda: I think it goes back to the comment that was made earlier that what we're seeing really is not unusual as far as -- I don't think it's limited just United American. And so it's an industry situation, so we would anticipate that other carriers would be raising rates as well. And then that's where maybe the medsup -- or excuse me, the Medicare Advantage dynamic comes into play a little bit. There's still some issues out there. We are seeing with acceptance with Medicare Advantage and where that coverage is going and dropping doctors in networks and things like that. So where that's been or have a little bit of a tailwind this past year, and we'll have to see where that kind of -- it's a little bit of a wild card where that goes. But that's why we don't really anticipate that there would be a large scale drop off or lapse if, in fact, we were to -- as we put in our rate increases.
James Darden: I think the industry is seeing a trend and everybody's pricing for it accordingly so.
Operator: We will take our next question from Suneet Kamath, Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: It sounds like some of the confidence you have in terms of maintaining the guidance for sales and such is April results. But I'm just wondering, just given how quickly things sort of changed in April. Normally, when you see these shocks, is there a little bit of a lag between kind of the environment changing and then when it impacts your customer behavior? Or does it sort of catch up? Or does it kind of show through pretty quickly there?
James Darden: Yes. Let me start with -- it's not just April. It was the trend that we were seeing throughout Q1. As I mentioned, January was softer than we anticipated, but looked at how February and particularly March performed and then you're seeing that trend continue through April. So it's really the results of multiple months in how we think about that as we look at the momentum in our agent count with recruiting and growing our overall agents that are producing and submitting business. And so that is really a precursor, a leading indicator to ultimate sales growth. So we're also seeing -- we -- as I've mentioned before, we track our agent onboarding recruiting pipeline before they ever start producing business. And so people that are in the early stages of that pipeline before they get a license and start selling, we're seeing double-digit growth in what we call our hires or people that are starting in that process. And so that bodes well for future growth as well. And on the consumer side, we generally don't -- we've talked about this before, see significant impacts based on economic factors to our customers. And I think that really gets back to our customers value our products. They have a need for that. And more than 50% of our demographic does not have our coverage and the affordability of our policies where it's $30 or $50 or $60 a month, still makes that affordable. And what we really see is that as long as our customers have jobs or employee that they still find value in the products that we're offering as well as the cost of what they're trying to cover from an experience perspective. As those costs go up, we see them taking out more coverage. And so what I continue to be encouraged about is if I look at the trends of just the premium on a per policy basis, those trends are up in Q1 compared to last year. And so people are paying a little bit more to take out a little bit more coverage for their needs. So we're really not seeing any weakness there. And I'd say that's consistent. We go back to the 2008 through '10 time frame, 2020, '21. We had double-digit growth in our agent count. We had double-digit growth in sales across those time frames. And so I think that bodes well. One last comment I was going to make and kind of circle back -- [indiscernible] I didn't completely answer wellness comment, which I think will also -- or question, which I think will also get to part of your question as well, is that I failed to mention our direct-to-consumer channel. I'll say that is we anticipate on our annual sales guidance that would kick in, in the latter half of this year. And so Q1 results are not dissimilar from what our expectations were, and that's why you see we reaffirmed our overall sales guidance for our direct-to-consumer channel. And a lot of that is based on some of the things that we've been working on for quite some time related to underwriting automation and some other tools and data that we're using in that organization. We've been testing that for quite some time and anticipate that coming more fully online in the latter half of the year. And that will really help with our issue rates and really help us increase there. And so that's why our guide is low single digits overall for an annual basis for DTC as some of the good things that we're doing there, and it relates to some of that technology spend. We've been talking about it for quite some time seeing that come into fruition.
Suneet Kamath: That makes sense. And then I just have one more, and thanks for going over a little bit. Just on the reviews. I mean, I know you said that there's nothing new to update us on, and I get that fine. But is your expectation still that at some point, we will get sort of all clear? And any sense of how close we are to something like that?
James Darden: We do anticipate, and that's what we're working through these processes of having a finalization that we can communicate. So that is definitely our goal in that area. It is hard to handicap the time frame, just you're dealing with -- as we've mentioned before, governmental agencies that don't have a lot of transparency and where they are in the process. I would venture to say that there's been a little bit of distraction in the government system, so to speak, over the last several months, and that that may bode well from a long-term perspective for us from a lower regulatory burden. But in the near term, it might cause a little bit of slowdown in some processes. So hard to handicap time but we definitely anticipate having the opportunity to be able to report out conclusions on those matters.
Operator: There are no further questions on the line, so I will now hand you back to your host for closing remarks.
Tom Kalmbach: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. As there are comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Globe Life fourth quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. My name is Alan, and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. Please note this call is being recorded. And for the duration, your lines will be on listen-only. However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions at the end. This can be done by pressing star one on your telephone keypad. If you require assistance at any time, please press star zero, and you'll be connected to an operator. I will now turn you over to your host, Stephen Mota, senior director of investor relations, to begin today's conference. Thank you.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our co-chief executive officers; Tom Kalmbach, our chief financial officer; Mike Majors, our chief strategy officer; and Brian Mitchell, our general counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2023 10-Ks, and subsequent Form 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $255 million, or $3.01 per share, compared to $275 million, or $2.88 per share, a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $266 million or $3.14 per share, an increase of 12% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through December 31st is 21.7%, and book value per share is $62.50. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity is 15.1%, and book value per share as of December 31st is $86.40, up 13% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the fourth quarter increased 4% from the year-ago quarter to $823 million. Life underwriting margin was $336 million, up 10% from a year ago, primarily driven by premium growth and lower overall policy obligations. In 2025, we expect life premium revenue to grow at the midpoint of our guidance range of 4.5% to 5%, compared to 4% growth for 2024. As a percentage of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be between 40% and 42%. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 7% to $358 million, while health underwriting margin declined 6% to $91 million, due primarily to higher claim costs at United American resulting from higher utilization. In 2025, we expect health premium revenue to grow in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%, compared to 6.5% growth for 2024. We also expect health underwriting margin as a percent of premium to be between 25% and 27%. We are pleased with the overall premium growth we saw in 2024, as the 4.7% growth in total premium income was well above the 3.4% growth rate in 2023. This is especially encouraging as we come out of a high inflationary period that has put stress on the US consumer, especially those in the demographic we serve, and demonstrates the resiliency of our business. Due to the continued efforts of our sales and conservation teams, we anticipate this growth rate to accelerate and be even higher in 2025. Administrative expenses were $91 million for the quarter. The increase is primarily due to higher information technology costs related to maintaining IT software and services, employee costs, and legal expenses. While our expenses in the fourth quarter were higher than prior quarters, they were largely in line with our expectations. In 2025, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7.4% of premium.
Matt Darden: I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations. Thank you, Frank. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 7% over the year-ago quarter to $433 million. Life underwriting margin was up 9% to $199 million. In the fourth quarter of 2024, net life sales were $93 million, and this is up 22% from a year ago, primarily due to increased productivity and agent count growth. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 11,926, up 7% from a year ago. This growth is due to the continued focus on recruiting and improved new agent retention. And I continue to be very pleased by the momentum at American Income. At Liberty National, our life premiums were up 5% over the year-ago quarter to $94 million, and the life underwriting margin was up 8% to $34 million. Net life sales increased 1% to $26 million, while net health sales were $9 million, down 5% from the year-ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 3,743, up 11% from a year ago. And I'm excited to see the continued agent count growth at Liberty National. This is primarily driven by our recruiting activity and agency middle management growth. And I am confident that this growth in agent counts and agency middle management will drive strong sales growth in 2025. At Family Heritage, the health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $111 million, and health underwriting margin increased 12% to $40 million. Net health sales were up 6% to $27 million, due primarily to an increase in agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,512, up 11% from a year ago. And I continue to be pleased to see that agent count growth, which is driven by this agency's efforts in recent quarters to emphasize recruiting and middle management development. Our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were down 1% over the year-ago quarter, to $245 million, while life underwriting margin increased 20% to $71 million. Net life sales were $23 million, down 11% from the year-ago quarter. Now, as we've mentioned previously, the continued decline in sales is primarily due to lower customer inquiries as we have reduced our marketing spend on certain campaigns that did not meet our profit objectives as a result of higher distribution costs. Our focus in this area is having a positive impact on our overall margin as we will continue to focus on maximizing the underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring new business. The value of our direct-to-consumer business is not only those sales directly attributable to this channel but the significant support that is provided to our agency business through brand impressions and sales leads. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect this division to generate over 750,000 leads during 2025, which will be provided to our three exclusive agencies. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 9% over the year-ago quarter to $151 million, driven by strong prior year sales growth of 23%. Health underwriting margin was $5 million, down approximately $9 million from the year-ago quarter due to higher claim costs resulting primarily from higher utilization. For the full year 2025, we anticipate mid-single-digit growth in our underwriting margin due to strong sales and premium pricing actions. Net health sales were $30 million, up 7% over the year ago. I'd like to discuss our projections. Based on the recent trends in our experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for the full year 2025 to be as follows: at American Income, some mid-single-digit growth; at Liberty National, low double-digit growth; and at Family Heritage, also low double-digit growth. We'd also like to reaffirm our life and health sales guidance we gave on our last earnings call. Net life sales for 2025 are expected to be as follows: American Income, high single-digit growth; Liberty National, low double-digit growth; our direct-to-consumer division, low to mid-single-digit growth. Now for health sales, we expect Liberty National, Family Heritage, and United American General Agency to all have low double-digit growth. Now before I turn the call back over to Frank for investment operations, I'd like to make a few brief comments regarding the inquiries made by the SEC and the DOJ that we have previously discussed. These inquiries are still open, there have been no material developments, and neither agency has asserted any claims or made any allegations against Globe Life or AIL. And we're not aware of any actions being contemplated by the SEC. And with respect to the EEOC matter, as of now, there have been no material developments to share outside of what was disclosed within our 10-Q as filed on November 6, 2024. And to the extent there's further information to share on any of these items, we will update you accordingly. I'll turn the call back now to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We'll now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest, was $38 million, up $3 million from the year-ago quarter. Investment income was $282 million, up 4% or $11 million from the year-ago quarter. The increase is largely due to the 3% growth in average invested assets over that period, and to a lesser degree, higher interest rates. Required interest is up 3.5% over the year-ago quarter, in line with the growth in average policy liability. For the full year 2025, we expect net investment income to be fairly flat and required interest to grow around 2.5%. The growth in both our average invested assets and our average policy liabilities is lower than historical levels due primarily to the reinsurance of approximately $460 million of our in-force annuity reserves that we noted on our last call. This agreement was effective November 1st. In addition, the impact of higher subsidiary dividends to the parent in 2025 will also contribute to lower average invested asset growth. As such, we anticipate excess investment income to be flat to down 15%. Now regarding our investment yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $378 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. These investments were at an average yield of 5.83%, at an average rating of A minus, and an average life of 35 years. We also invested approximately $52 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships with debt-like characteristics, and an average expected cash return of approximately 8.5%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involve office property. These non-fixed maturity investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments, still being in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.27%, up four basis points from the fourth quarter of 2023, and up two basis points from the third quarter. As of December 31st, the portfolio yield was 5.25%. Including the cash yield from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships, the fourth quarter earned yield was 5.41%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $21.2 billion, including $18.8 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.3 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A minus, same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.7 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position, as it's mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond ten years. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 46% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 48% from the year-ago quarter. This percentage is at its lowest level since 2007. As we have discussed on prior calls, we believe the BBB securities we acquired generally provide the best risk-adjusted capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. While the percent of our invested assets comprised of BBB bonds might be a little higher than some of our peers, remember that we have little or no exposure to other higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs, and other asset-backed securities. The loan investment grade bonds remain at historical lows at $525 million compared to $530 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to total fixed maturities is just 2.8%. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2025, we expect to invest approximately $900 million to $1.1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.5% to 5.7%, and approximately $300 million to $500 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments, with debt-like characteristics, and an average expected cash return of 7% to 9%. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. Let me spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity, and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of approximately $48 million and ended the year with approximately $90 million. In the fourth quarter, the company repurchased approximately 338,000 of Globe Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of approximately $36 million at an average share price of $105.37. This was slightly higher than we had anticipated in the quarter. For the full year, we purchased 10 million shares for a total cost of $946 million at an average share price of $93.76. Including shareholder dividend payments of $85 million, the company returned slightly more than $1 billion to shareholders during 2024. In addition to the liquid assets held by the parent, the parent company will generate excess cash flows during 2025. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less interest paid on debt. Although our statutory results are not final, we anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the full year 2025 will be approximately $785 million to $835 million. Excess cash flows are anticipated to be higher in 2025 than in 2024, primarily as a result of higher statutory earnings in 2024 than in 2023, as well as the impact of previously discussed reinsurance transactions completed in 2024. Statutory income in 2024 is anticipated to be higher than statutory income in 2023, primarily from favorable investment results, statutory reserve changes, improved mortality results, and lower realized losses. At the midpoint of our guidance, anticipated excess cash flows are expected to be used to distribute approximately $85 million to shareholders in the form of dividend payments, and reduce commercial paper to more historical levels, with the remainder expected to be used for share repurchases in the range of $600 million to $650 million, absent an alternative use of higher return to our shareholders. We anticipate liquid assets at the parent of around $60 million at the end of the year. We still believe share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of the parent's excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. With regards to capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC in the range of 300% to 320%. Since our statutory financial statements are not yet final, our consolidated RBC ratio is not yet known. However, we anticipate the final 2024 RBC ratio will be within our targeted range. Now with regards to policy obligations for the current quarter, as we discussed on prior calls, life and health assumption changes were made in the third quarter. No assumption changes were made in the fourth quarter. The supplemental financial information available on our website provides an exhibit that details the quarterly remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. For the fourth quarter, life obligations continue to be favorable when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency, resulting in lower policy obligations and a $19 million remeasurement gain related to experience fluctuations. For the full year, encompassing both assumption changes and experience-related fluctuations, the remeasurement gain from the life segment resulted in $107 million of lower life policy obligations and for the health segment, $3 million of higher health policy obligations. In recent quarters, mortality trends in the life segment have been favorable relative to our long-term assumptions. If mortality continues to develop favorably over the next couple of quarters, life obligations will be favorable relative to our long-term assumptions, resulting in life remeasurement gains. Conversely, if mortality experience is higher than our long-term assumptions, we will experience life remeasurement losses. Recent mortality and lapse experience will inform future updates to long-term assumptions, which we intend to make in the third quarter of 2025. For the health segment, we anticipate health obligations for our Medicare supplements and group retiree health products will continue to be elevated given recent claim trends outpacing premium rate increases. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2025, for the full year 2025, we estimate net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $13.45 to $14.05, representing 11% growth at the midpoint of our range. The $13.75 midpoint is higher than our previous guidance due to the favorable mortality experience we've seen in recent quarters, and the anticipation that these favorable mortality trends will continue into 2025, resulting in improved life underwriting margins. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Matt.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments, and we will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to ask a question or make a contribution on today's call, please press star one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star two. You will be advised when to ask your question. We will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey. Good morning. So first, just a question on your results. I thought overall, most of the business metrics were good, but one of the negatives was just a little bit of an increase in first-year lapses in the direct channel and also in Liberty. And so hoping if you could discuss what's really causing that and do you expect that trend to continue to get worse as you get through 2026 or 2025?
Frank Svoboda: Can we take that?
Matt Darden: Yeah. And, Jimmy, I think a couple of things. I think we were pleased overall with that lapse experience has stabilized, and AIL actually lapse rates went down a little bit. Overall, from Liberty, they went down a little bit from sequential quarters. So I think there's some good news there that the higher lapse rates that we had seen had stabilized a bit. On DTC, you know, we are seeing a little bit higher lapse rates than we had historically. And some of that is mix of business that quite a bit of our new business is coming from the Internet channel versus our more of our mail and insert media channels. So those digital channels do experience a little bit higher rates. I think that's part at least part of the story there. Yeah. One thing, Jimmy, I would just add to that. Really, if you go back and look at American Income and especially kind of their average first-year lapse rates, especially pre-pandemic, you know, we're right in line with, you know, where that it always fluctuates, of course, on a quarterly basis. And really, it's not really that measurably higher than even the long-term average since, you know, for the last, you know, ten, fifteen years.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the regulatory investigation, especially on the DOL and the SEC. From the outside, then how does one get finality to this? Because typically, those agencies don't tend to put out releases when they're done investigating something unless there's a fine or something else. But what's your view on how somebody would get obviously, the passage of time without any new news is a positive. But other than that, how does one get how do how should we see some finality or resolution to this? From the outside.
Matt Darden: Yeah. Thanks, Jimmy. Our intent is to be able to just discuss the conclusion of those inquiries when they happen. Of course, we're working through those processes as we speak. But you're right. Generally, the agencies themselves don't issue something, but our intent would be able to communicate when those inquiries have been concluded at the time that that happens.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then if I just ask one more, on the health business, there was some optimism last year that with the reimbursement rate changes on Med Advantage Plan, maybe there would be more volumes flowing toward med subs. It seems like now the trend could actually end up reversing and the med sup market might shrink a little bit, but what are your thoughts on that given the changes in the administration?
Matt Darden: Yeah. That one's an interesting one that we want to watch. You know, there's been some in the new administration that have voiced some optimism around MA plans. But I do believe also there's a segment of consumers and frankly providers that may be disenfranchised with the structure of Medicare Advantage Plans. And I think that would still could be a benefit to the Medicare supplement market because people still do like choice and, again, there's certain providers that have not been happy with reimbursements on the MA side. So it's one of those that we're watching and seeing. I don't think it's too early to conclude one way or another how that market's going to shake out with the new administration.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Jake Matthan, B Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jake Matthan: Hi. Good morning. Just a first question on your excess cash flow guidance and the higher guidance you gave for 2025. Were you able to quantify the different elements of that across the reinsurance accounting changes, and maybe the favorable underlying results that you mentioned? Trying to get at what how much of the increase was more maybe one-time in nature and how much you would expect to kind of persist into your out-of-year run rate?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. So thanks for the question. Yeah. One of the increases is the reinsurance transactions that we did last year. And I indicated on the call that those were worth about $100 million. So we actually did file for an extraordinary dividend and got approval at the end of the year. So that's providing some additional excess liquidity to the parent in 2025, and that's reflected in those numbers as well, which incorporates the impact of those reinsurance numbers. The other kind of run rate is statutory earnings are a bit higher because of some valuation manual changes, and there's a little bit of a catch-up there. And the full-year benefit of that was probably closer to $150 million versus the $120 million that I had estimated last quarter. And that probably cuts in half as we kind of look at it as we go further out into 2025 and beyond.
Jake Matthan: A question on the life margin and the higher guidance there. I guess that's from experience that flowed through kind of the remeasurement gain. Like I said, I know you had your assumption last quarter. Is there something in particular that's driving the improved outlook now versus what you had for me out of that ratio?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. It's we really saw I think what we saw in the fourth quarter was just some really good mortality experience and especially development on the claims that were incurred in Q3 and Q2. So as, you know, even though you kind of were looking at some of the favorable experience that we were seeing early in the year and that that at least was an input into how we thought about the assumptions. Really, in the fourth quarter, we just we saw some very good experience taking place. And so we continue to have, you know, a pretty sizable remeasurement gain in Q4 just since that was so much better than that long-term assumption that we had in place.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on buybacks. Should we just think about, you know, that kind of, you know, being evenly spread the guide throughout the four quarters of the year? And then, you know, right, you guys, you know, prior to some of the DOJ, you know, investigations, right, now there was, you know, some deal you guys were considering. Do you, you know, consider, you know, M&A, I guess, kind of returning to the equation in 2025? Embedded within your capital outlook.
Tom Kalmbach: I'll start with that. Is, you know, we did begin share repurchases again at the beginning of the year. And Yes. Stopped that as we entered into a blackout period, but we would we our plan is to continue kind of our historical practices around share repurchases. Which is, you know, ratable throughout the year. And so it might not be evenly ratable, but, generally, consistent throughout the year.
Frank Svoboda: And then and one of the reasons we do do that is that it it does allow us kind of really manage those cash flows. So if we do see an M&A opportunity, you know, that that we think is really beneficial for the shareholders, then we can, you know, pivot and use some of those cash flows for that. I mean, we will continue to be open to M&A opportunities. You know, and continue as as we've talked about on prior calls. You know, really looking for something that helps us to expand our offerings, if you will, in the know, to serve middle-income policyholders, you know, with basic protection products that come with some type of distribution. So we will continue to be, you know, looking for those opportunities and open to those opportunities if they arise.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question, you know, health utilization, you know, did trend up in the second half of last year. Can you just provide some, you know, kind of color on your thoughts for 2025 there as well?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. I mean, definitely health utilization was high during the course of 2024, and actually, we saw it get a little bit higher in 2025. Kind of one of the reasons why we've adjusted our range for health underwriting margin overall is just that we continue to believe that utilization will continue to run a little bit high. And outpace the rate increases that we've actually filed and gotten approved for premium increases in 2025. So, you know, over time, I think we'll catch up with that. But I think in 2025, we do expect to see utilization.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Wilma Burdis, Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Good morning. So if I took out the reinsurance and the valuation manual updates, I'm estimating organic expected cash flow of around I think it's around $550 to $600 million. Is that a good base? And then the $75 million or I guess half of $150 million that you expect to continue in 2026, over what time frame will that persist?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. Thanks, Wilma. I think your base is good. I don't haven't really finalized 2024 statutory earnings. And so, you know, next quarter, I'll I could give you a better update on kind of where we think that run rate is. I think one of the things we want to factor in is that investment income is expected to be, you know, fairly flat. So I think that's going to limit some of that upside. So we're going to give you an update next quarter on that as well once we finalize statutory earnings. But I think you're in the ballpark anyway. And then on valuation manual changes. You know, I think we saw in 2024 that was really kind of an impact to the in-force business. And so as the in-force business subsides from the existing in-force business, it will be made up by new business that comes on. So I think although I don't have a crystal ball there, I think that $70 million that is the midpoint or half of that is going to decline a little bit over time, but I think a lot of that is sustainable additional statutory earnings.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Thank you. And then could you talk a little bit about what the recruiting and sales environment is like right now from a macro perspective? Middle-income consumers seem to be in a honestly better financial condition. Does that have any impact on sales and or recruitment? And then can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing before coming up?
Matt Darden: Yeah. Thanks, Wilma. I think, you know, we're still seeing some strong growth in our recruiting efforts and hiring efforts. And so we anticipate that to continue forward into 2025. And so that's reflective in the growth numbers that we're anticipating on our agent count side. And then, of course, that translates into our sales growth. One of the things we just wanted to acknowledge for as an example for American Income, we're coming off of four prior to Q4, we're coming off of four quarters of double-digit growth and in some cases very high. You know, up to 20% growth if I go back four quarters ago. And so we're tempering that a little bit of just maintaining 15% and 20% agent count growth quarter over quarter is a little bit higher than our historical norms. But, again, I still think we're going to have a good environment for 2025 if I look at just our momentum across all three agencies coming out of the end of 2024. Then on the sales side, we continue to see growth there. We actually as we look at the new business that we're selling, we're having improvements in just the premium on a per policy basis. And so as we've discussed before, the macroeconomic environment we seem to be pretty resilient from that is, you know, I go back to when we were experiencing 8% and 9% inflation rates, we were still able to grow both on the recruiting agent count side as well as on the sales side. And so we continue to see our customer base, you know, be very resilient. And I think that just gets back to this marketplace continues to have a significant amount of opportunity with the significant number of people that are underinsured or uninsured in this marketplace and we have a good opportunity to continue to develop sales in that area. And, you know, as we've discussed before, the benefit I think of our policies is the small, you know, their basic protection. They're easy to understand. They're designed for middle-income America, and the premiums are small on a relative basis per month, you know, depending on the channel they're they're thirty bucks to sixty bucks a month in premium. And so it's not really price prohibitive to take out those kind of policies for our customers. And I think that gets into the resiliency of our in-force space we talk about. You know, there are lapse rates that we discussed. They move around a little bit, but that's in a pretty narrow band. As different economic cycles kind of go.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Barnidge, Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on agent trends, and I appreciate that you gave the guidance for agent growth for the year. But and I understand there's some seasonality in the fourth quarter with the holidays. We that occurs. But how have first-year agents trended in January essentially, first quarter so far across those channels?
Matt Darden: Yeah. John, you're right. It's not unusual around the holidays. So the latter half of Q4 and, you know, frankly, sometimes that leads over into the very first part of Q1. We do have a little bit of seasonality on the recruiting and agent retention side. And so our guides are really reflective of the entire year. And, generally, we see a pickup in particularly in Q2 and within Q3 of strong agent count growth. And so really, we've discussed before, we like we talk about it quarter over quarter, but really, like, looking at it on a year-over-year basis. And, you know, what I'm very pleased about is that, you know, we have very high, you know, correlation between producing agent count and our sales. So for example, if you look at a three-year CAGR for American Income, have about an 8% agent count growth and we have about an 8% sales growth over that time frame and similar statistics if you walk through Liberty and Family Heritage. So our long-term potential is really focused on around that 10% agent count growth and trying to achieve a similar number for sales growth that really drives our expectation for our premium earnings that ultimately are in our results for the year. So I'd say to answer your question, I don't the fourth quarter activity is kind of what I would expect to be normal from a little bit of seasonality and I think we're starting off strong for this year around what we would expect and how that builds over time.
John Barnidge: And then on my follow-up question, I know you're doing some efforts to get a Bermuda platform up. Any update you can provide or any markers on the weigh station we should watch out for? Thank you.
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. Thanks. The oh, I think we're on track with our analysis. You know, we had communicated that we update you kind of midyear as far as what our plans are there, and we're on track to do that. So we're still pretty good with where we are.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wes Carmichael, Autonomous Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Wesley Carmichael: Hey. Thank you. Good morning. I had a broader question on stock and capital management. But obviously, the stock came under some intense pressure last year and you as a management team took some pretty significant actions and bought back a lot of stock. And I understand your guidance for 2025, but as you sit here today, the stock's still trading at a pretty significant price earnings multiple discount relative to historical trends. So just curious how you're thinking about taking any other reinsurance, more significant action, or are you feeling a little bit more business as usual now, or are you waiting on maybe some of these investigations to get closed?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Thanks, Wes. As we really do look at it, we really do think that there's still some opportunities. Clearly, you know, in the valuations of our shares. I do think we will, you know, continue to look really hard at where are there pockets of opportunity for us to, you know, manage that capital? Are there opportunities for us to release some additional capital, you know, over the course of the year? So we are continuing to look at some of those opportunities. And, you know, we still we do think that the stock is a good buy, so we will, you know, be taking a look at that. Now I'd say that, and I think as as as we mentioned earlier, from a timing perspective, largely want to be thinking about, you know, our share purchases coming over the course of the year, and there may be a little bit of, you know, front-end loading on that just a little bit, but for the most part, it helps us to manage cash flows over the course of the year. But again, I think we'll continue to look at opportunities and try to be a little bit aggressive with respect to freeing up some additional cash or additional capital in order to take advantage of, you know, current share price.
Wesley Carmichael: I think that's helpful. And I just had two kind of housekeeping follow-ups. I think in the release, there was some legal accrual of about $12.5 million below the line. That's a little bit chunkier than it than it's run. Can you just talk about the nature of what you're booking there? And my follow-up was just on commercial paper. Can you give us a sense on how much you're allocating excess cash flows this year for that?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. So as you know, Globe Life and its subsidiaries are subject to litigation from time to time. And it's common in the insurance industry in general. We've seen an uptick in litigation claims and expenses over the past several quarters. Well as legal expenses stemming from claims made by recent short sellers. The line item for legal proceedings this quarter includes an estimate of costs associated with settlements of certain litigation claims not related to the DOJ, SEC, or EEOC matters, as well as certain other legal expenses that we incurred. As we are sure you can appreciate, our policy is to refrain from commenting on pending or ongoing legal matters involving the company or any of its subsidiaries, so we're unable to provide any more detail at this time. And then with respect to the commercial paper, right now, we're kind of, you know, we're looking at trying to bring that down into by the more normal level. Somewhere in the low three hundreds. I think we ended the year around $415 million. So, you know, kind of pointing to around that $100 million or so of, you know, use of that to get it back. And really, we'll kind of look at that over the course of the year and, you know, look at cash availability and cash flow needs as well. But, you know, we kind of manage that to help again with manage our overall liquidity risk and how we just think of having cash available for our operation. So we'd like to try to get that back into a little bit more of a normal range if we are able to.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Andrew Kligerman, TD Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Good morning. So my first question is around your shift at American Income to virtual. Clearly, 2024 was really strong in terms of recruiting and sales. And now you said it would moderate a bit this year, but it's still very good. Right? You said average agent count at AI would be mid-single digit. And then you said life sales would be up at American Income high single digits. And some of that, I think, you mentioned was a reflection of higher policy limits. But I'm kind of curious, like, maybe moving out to 2026 or even longer term, you know, what kind of an impact is the virtual approach versus, you know, in-office having on your recruiting, on your sales. I mean, is this something, you know, where we could see a good pickup in 2026 again?
Matt Darden: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. You know, we started the virtual sales and virtual recruiting during the height of the pandemic and all that was associated with that. We found such a benefit to it is that we've kept that model going forward. And, really, we're seeing a lot of good activity associated with that. On the agent recruiting side, what we see is that, I think, we're attracting additional individuals that may not have been interested in a sales opportunity that was face-to-face in a customer's home. Across the kitchen table, as they would say, is now those sales can be done from the comfort of their home or wherever they may be located. And you can see what's happening with corporate America with the return back to the office, and you see more and more companies announcing back-to-the-office mandates and the like. And that's providing additional tailwind to our opportunity as individuals are looking for flexibility and autonomy and the ability to do that. And so that has definitely benefited our recruiting efforts over the last, you know, many quarters. As I've mentioned, you know, I go back to starting in early 2023, you know, we've had 20%, 15%, 13%, etc., agent count growth throughout the end of 2023 through 2024. And I think, you know, that'll continue to be a benefit to us, that virtual environment. And then the same thing happens on the sales side is that the ability for our agents to work leads throughout the area where they're licensed. So we've seen our agents have an uptick in licensing in multiple states. Be able to work leads across state lines. And so it's just much more efficient from that perspective if I look at our agent activity. As well as, you know, we're on the benefit of the consumer has changed. The consumer now is much more used to having virtual interactions, you know, you have virtual interactions with your doctor from a telemed perspective, and there's a variety of other interactions. And so you have the consumer much more willing, I think, now as compared to prior to 2020 being willing to have sales interactions through a virtual experience as well. So we don't really see that abating anytime soon. I think that's just kind of a new normal as we go forward. And so we think that will continue to be a benefit. You know, I'm very pleased with American Income. If I look at as an example, their five-year CAGR from an agent count growth perspective, it's over 9%. And that lines up very well with approximately 9% sales growth over that same time frame. So they're very much in lockstep over a longer-term perspective. And so like we've talked about before, we get quarter-to-quarter fluctuations a little bit, but that long-term growth, I believe, is definitely sustainable.
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. And then just shifting over to the life underwriting margin, which came in at 41%. And you're guiding in 2025 to 40% to 42%. That's pretty nice just given last, you know, in 2023, it was about 38%. And as I kind of went through the supplement, it looks like a lot of the benefit this year came from direct to consumer. Was that is that the right observation? Have you kind of corrected for something indirect to consumer? And do you think that 41% is very sustained or 40% to 42% is sustainable beyond 2025?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Andrew, I think you are right in the observation that we really are seeing, you know, some favorable developments on direct to consumer, especially. It's been, you know, and that tends to be the segment or the distribution, you know, that's a little bit more of a ensures a wider swath of the US population. And does, of course, have tends to have higher mortality in general than, you know, each of the other distributions have. So as there's, you know, coming out of the COVID, you know, we're seeing a lot of excess deaths and that's what we're seeing in the US population as a whole. And so it's as we've been seeing here over the last couple of years, especially 2024, I mean, our paid claims in 2024, you know, have been basically flat, if not dropped a little bit from 2023, while at the same time, you know, premium increased in 2024, you know, by 4%. So we're really seeing that kind of really favorable experience, and especially in the last couple of quarters here of this year. Q3 and Q4, we just saw a really good experience. And low levels of claims. And in certain causes of death, actually, you know, seeing that it had below some of those pre-pandemic levels. And so we'll see how I think with respect to 2025, it really depends on will we continue to see that, you know, continuing level of favorable mortality persist? Or is it a fluctuation, you know, that we've just happened to maybe be seeing here over the last few quarters? That's within the range kind of takes into account, you know, whether or not it's it we continue to see some of that favorable mortality or not. And, we're, of course, hopeful that it's that we will and then, you know, we'll be and go from there. And, again, beyond 2025, you know, there's a lot of things to kind of work their way out here, and we'll kind of see, you know, we've talked for the last couple of years of where there's where there's some pull forward of deaths from COVID, and would that result in some better mortality? And of course, at the time, it was like, well, it's always possible but it's really too early to tell. And again, maybe we are seeing a little bit of that, but again, we're kind of still waiting to see how that kind of pans out here over the next several quarters, and then we'll get a sense of whether we think that'll persist or not.
Andrew Kligerman: I mean, just a quick follow-up on that. Just more specifically to direct to consumer, sounds like you're gaining a little confidence because you guided to low to mid-single-digit sales growth. Is that the right way to think about it?
Matt Darden: Yeah. We're really looking at we think we've kind of bottomed out so to speak, a new level and been able to kind of maintain and grow a little bit from here. As we've talked about before, you know, that that is one of our areas that is a little bit more price sensitive. It's a passive sale that has a little bit more sensitivity to competition and economic, so to speak. So but we do think and that's why we got it to that what we did is we do think we're kind of bottoming out here and being able to have a new level to grow from.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks so much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Suneet Kamath, Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Of course. Thank you. I know you hit on this earlier, but I just wanted to follow-up. On potential reinsurance transaction. Should we assume that maybe things are on hold a little bit until you get your Bermuda subsidiary or that whole strategy set up? Or could you be contemplating doing something even before that happens?
Tom Kalmbach: I think we'll consider other opportunities, but I think, really, our focus quite a bit on that Bermuda, you know, completing our analysis on the Bermuda subsidiary and making some final decisions there. But we'll be we're open to some other reinsurance opportunities if they make sense to us. So but I think that's it's fair that our priority is on the Bermuda.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. And that's why one of the other I would add that I mean, there's always some transition, but as Tom has talked about, Bermuda takes a little bit of time to get in place and for there actually to get some, you know, measurable benefits, you know, from that type of transaction. So we're at least, you know, open to and thinking about, you know, is there something kind of in the interim that helped us to kind of we can do something that bridges the gap and gives us some benefits a little bit earlier.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. That makes sense. So maybe Bermuda is more of a 2026 kind of story than a 2025 story?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. I think it gives a little bit of benefit in 2026. I think the real benefit comes in 2027 once we have two full years of financials for Bermuda sub that we can get reciprocal jurisdiction, which is one of the requirements for doing that.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. So we really kind of look at that as being a real, you know, we're optimistic at this point in time, but as far as it being a, you know, a really good long-term solution, if you will, or opportunity for us.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then my second question just on underwriting and remeasurement. So are you factoring in remeasurement gains into your plan for 2026, or are we sort of on hold until we go through the unlocking assumption in the third quarter, and then we kind of see what happens there?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. Our range is intended to encompass whether we continue to see favorable mortality trends consistent with where we saw them late in 2024. Or they come back a little bit as well. So that's really what's intended in the range. And so I think there's a little bit of wait and see. We've real you know, there's no question we had a really good quarter in the fourth quarter. And we'd like to just see how that develops and the development of fourth quarter and then the results for first and second quarter will inform any assumption update that we make in the third quarter of 2025.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And I think you said 2026, but I think you meant 2025.
Tom Kalmbach: I meant 2025. Alright. No. I mean, and that's Tom answers work for 2025 of the others. Yep. That's the 2023. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Thomas Gallagher, Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Hi. Just, for first question on Bermuda. When you mentioned it might be a really good long-term solution or opportunity beginning in 2027. I assume that means that you see this more as a sustainable kind of ongoing free cash flow benefit, not just like a one-time release. Is that a fair way to think about how you're approaching it?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. Tom, that's exactly how I'm thinking about it. Is that it becomes part of an overall capital management strategy and strategy to return cash to shareholders.
Frank Svoboda: It really goes, Tom, to just think about capital requirements around the liability side of our balance sheet. And the amount of managing that a little bit more efficiently, you know, through that jurisdiction.
Thomas Gallagher: And would it would you be looking to fund it all yourself, or are you contemplating third-party Sidecar Capital Vehicles?
Tom Kalmbach: Not really considering the third-party sidecar capital vehicles. We think it's really just really an opportunity for us to do it ourselves that we don't think we need third-party capital to be able to make that an effective vehicle.
Thomas Gallagher: Gotcha. And then just one question on final question on the health business. How do we think about the timing of repricing? It sounds like what you've put in place for repricing is somewhat below trend, and that's why your margin guide is coming down. But how do I think about the timing of when the periods of repricing occur, is it most of it annual? Is it staggered throughout the year? And should we assume margins start low earlier part of 2025 and gradually get better over the year, and what how do you think that also would play out in 2026?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. So the way that we go through rate filings and rate evaluation is we generally will make those determinations in the early third quarter and file those with the regulatory agencies. It's really the annual process rather than, you know, a continuous process throughout the year. And, you know, we did see quite a bit of the utilization come through in the earlier part of 2024 and the later part of 2023. So a lot of the utilization was reflected in our rate filings that we made with states. It was really kind of the tail end of 2024 that we saw some incremental increases in utilization that didn't get factored in. So that would get factored in as well as the experience in early 2025 into our rate filings for that we make in 2025, which would then become effective in 2026. And those generally become effective, you know, right around the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter is when those rates become effective.
Thomas Gallagher: Gotcha. And do you think based on the trend they're seeing, you'll be you would expect some level of improvement at the 2026 or is stable a better assumption for now?
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to say because it really depends on what happens to utilization. But, you know, I think the plan would be to kind of catch up with that into 2026 and things would be more back to more normal. Now if utilization continues to increase above, you know, what our rate climbs were, we'd see a little bit of a drag there. And if they came back better, we'd see a little bit a positive there as well. So it's kind of how we're thinking about it right now. At least that is our hope is that it would, you know, we would catch up, if you will, by 2026.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wilma Burdis, Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Somebody covered my question. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions on the line. So I will now hand you back to your host for closing or additional remarks.
Matt Darden: Alright. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments. We will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Globe Life Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Allen, and I will be your coordinator for today's event. Please note, this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Stephen Mota, to begin today's conference. Thank you.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2023, 10-K any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $303 million or $3.44 per share compared to $257 million or $2.68 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $308 million or $3.49 per share, an increase of 29% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through September 30 is 22.4%, and book value per share is $54.65. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, return on equity is 15.3%, and book value per share as of the 30th is $83.92, up 13% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the third quarter increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $819 million. Life underwriting margin was $387 million, up 29% from a year ago. With the increase in life underwriting margin due primarily to a re-measurement gain [indiscernible] unlocking of assumptions. Tom will have more in his comments on this re-measurement gain. For the year, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.0% and 4.5% at the midpoint of our guidance and life underwriting margin to grow between 12% and 12.5%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be around 41%. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 7% to $354 million, and health underwriting margin was down 10% to $87 million due primarily to a re-measurement loss related to an unlocking of assumptions. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow approximately 6.5% to 7%. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to be flat and as a percent of premium to be around 27%. Administrative expenses were $88 million for the quarter. The increase is primarily due to higher information technology costs relating to maintaining IT software and services, employee-related costs and legal expenses. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7.3% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First, at American Income Life. Here, the life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $428 million, and life underwriting margin was up 22% to $221 million. In the third quarter of 2024, net life sales were $97 million, up 19% from a year ago, primarily due to the strong growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 12,031, and this is up 10% from a year ago. This growth is due to the ongoing recruiting efforts as well as improvement in new agent retention. This agency continues to generate positive momentum. At Liberty National, the life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $94 million, and life underwriting margin was up 63% to $45 million. Net life sales increased 1% to $24 million, and net health sales were $8 million, down 6% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 3,794, and this is up 14% from a year ago. Liberty National continues to generate strong agent count growth, which is driven by our investments in technology and the growth in middle management. Despite the flat sales for the quarter, I am very pleased and optimistic with the trends at Liberty. The strong middle management growth has resulted in an emphasis on recruiting and training and is reflected in the continued and meaningful agent count growth for this division. This bodes well for future sales growth. As I've discussed before, agent count growth is a leading indicator for future sales growth. We focus on year-over-year growth in sales and agent count and recognize that quarter-to-quarter results may fluctuate as the agency operations switch focus between recruiting and sales throughout the year. In addition, I'd also point out that we had a difficult comparable this quarter as Liberty had a 31% increase in life sales and a 19% increase in health sales in the year ago quarter. Now on to Family Heritage. Here, the health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $108 million, and health underwriting margin declined 4% to $34 million. Net health sales were up 16% to $29 million due to an increase in agent count and agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,429, and this is up 8% from a year ago. I am pleased to see that this agency's efforts in recent quarters to emphasize recruiting and middle management development are now driving agent count growth, which bodes well for growth in 2025. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, the life premiums were down 1% over the year ago quarter to $246 million, while life underwriting margin increased 40% to $88 million. Net life sales were $24 million, down 9% from the year ago quarter. As we previously mentioned, the decline in sales is primarily due to lower customer inquiries as we reduced our marketing spend on certain campaigns that did not meet our profit objectives. Our focus in this area is having a positive impact on our overall margin as we continue to focus on maximizing the underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring new business. Now the value of our direct-to-consumer business is not only those sales directly attributable to this channel, but the significant support that is provided to our agency business through brand depressions and sales leads. We continue to invest in our capability to generate significant lead volume that translates into sales for our agency business. During 2025, we anticipate we will generate over 750,000 leads, which will be provided to our three exclusive agencies from the direct-to-consumer division. The value contributed to the agencies by the direct-to-consumer division will continue to grow as we expect to see steady growth in our omnichannel marketing approach for the Globe Life brand. Now on to United American General Agency. Here, the health premiums increased 9% over the year ago quarter to $150 million, driven by strong prior year sales growth of 23%. Health underwriting margin was $14 million, down $1 million from the year ago quarter due to higher claim costs as a result of higher utilization. Net health sales were $16 million, down 1% over the year ago quarter. Now I'd like to move on to discuss projections. Now based on what we're seeing and the experience with our business, we expect that average producing agent count trends for the full year of 2024 to be as follows: at American Income, an increase of around 11%; at Liberty National, an increase of around 14%; and at Family Heritage, an increase of around 5%. Net life sales for 2024 are expected to be as follows: at American Income, an increase of around 16%; Liberty National, an increase of around 4%; and direct-to-consumer, a decrease of around 8%. Net health sales for 2024 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, an increase of around 1%; Family Heritage, an increase of around 11%; and United American General Agency, an increase of around 10%. Now let's discuss 2025. At the midpoint of our 2025 guidance, we expect sales growth for the full year of 2025 to be as follows. For life sales, we expect American Income for high single-digit growth; Liberty National, low double-digit growth; and direct-to-consumer, low to mid-single-digit growth. And on the health sales side, we expect Liberty National, Family Heritage and United American General Agency to all have low double-digit growth. Now before I turn the call back over to Frank for investment operations, I'd like to make a few brief comments regarding the inquiries made by the SEC and the DOJ that we've previously discussed. There have been no material developments and while these inquiries are still open, we have responded to the requests received to date. Neither organization has asserted any claims or made any allegations against Globe Life for AIL, and we are not aware of any actions being contemplated by the SEC or the DOJ. To the extent there's further information to share, we will update you accordingly. As we previously disclosed regarding data privacy and the threat actor extortion attempt, we are working with federal law enforcement in an active investigation. As you can understand, out of respect for this process, we will not be getting into specifics and have nothing further to add beyond what was included in our 8-K filing last week. While these investigations are ongoing, there has been no material impact on the company's systems and business operations. I'll now turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest, was $40 million, up $6 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $285 million, up 7% or $18 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is largely due to the 5% growth in average invested assets over that period. In addition, higher interest rates also contributed to the higher growth rate. Required interest is up 5.3% over the year ago quarter, slightly higher than the 5% growth in average policy liability. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow between 7.5% and 8% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets, while required interest is anticipated to grow around 5%. This combination of our net investment income growing at a higher rate than our required interest results in the growth of excess investment income by approximately 25% to 27%. Now regarding our investment yield. In the third quarter, we invested $82 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial and industrial sectors. These investments were at an average yield of 6.2%, an average rating of A- and an average life of 30 years. This amount is lower than normal this quarter as we invested approximately $120 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships with debt-like characteristics and an average expected cash return of approximately 9.6% and contributed $200 million into a new company-owned life insurance program, which is expected to provide enhanced risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns over time. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involve office properties. These non-fixed maturity investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments while still being in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.25%, up 6 basis points from the third quarter of 2023, but down 1 basis point from the second quarter. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was 5.24%, including the cash yield from our commercial mortgages and limited partnerships, the third quarter earned yield was 5.43%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $21.5 billion, including $19.1 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.5 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $743 million due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position as it is mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 46% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 48% from the year ago quarter. This percentage is now at its lowest level since 2007. The portion of our fixed maturity portfolio comprised of BBB security has declined in recent periods as we have been able to find better relative value and higher-rated securities given current spreads. While this ratio is still high relative to our peers, a reminder that we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets held by many of our peers, such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, real estate equities, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations [Technical difficulty]. Below-investment-grade bonds remain at historical lows of $556 million compared to $493 million a year ago. The percentage of below-investment-grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.9%. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2024, we expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.8% to 5.9% and approximately $400 million to $500 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average expected cash return of 8% to 10%. Also at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect the average yield earned on the fixed maturity portfolio to be around 5.25% for the full year 2024 and slightly lower at approximately 5.24% for the full year 2025. With respect to our commercial loans, limited partnerships and company-owned life insurance, we anticipate the yield impacting net investment income to be in the range of 8% to 9% for 2024 and 7% to 8% and for 2025. Now I will the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Thomas Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First, let me spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. In the third quarter, the company repurchased approximately 5.8 million shares of Global Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of just over $580 million at an average share price of $100.34. To date, in the fourth quarter, we have purchased approximately 190,000 shares for a total cost of approximately $20 million at an average share price of $104.74 resulting in repurchases year-to-date of 9.9 million shares for a total cost of $930 million at an average share price of $93.57. For the quarter, share repurchases were higher than anticipated as we took the opportunity to accelerate and increase share repurchases given the favorable market conditions and the additional capital raised during the quarter as the net proceeds from refinancing the term loan and the issuance of the senior note were about $100 million higher than previously assumed. Including shared dividend payments of $22 million for the quarter, the company returned approximately $602 million to shareholders during the third quarter of 2024 and has returned approximately $995 million year-to-date for 2024. We anticipate distributing approximately $21 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments for the remainder of 2024. The company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and is available to return to shareholders in the form of dividends through share repurchases. At this time, given the acceleration of share repurchases during the year, we anticipate using our remaining excess cash flow to reduce our commercial paper balances to more normal levels. As such, at the midpoint of our guidance, we do not anticipate additional share repurchases. Now let me provide an update on a couple of initiatives to increase available capital. During the quarter, we executed two external reinsurance transactions. The first, amended and existing financial reinsurance agreement and the second is a reinsurance agreement to reinsure approximately $460 million of our in-force annuity reserves, which is anticipated to be effective on November 1. These transactions are expected to provide $100 million of additional excess cash flow at the parent by the end of the year. In addition, we continue to evaluate the opportunity to manage capital under an economic framework available in Bermuda, and we expect to conclude this work in 2025. In terms of parent liquidity, the parent began the quarter with liquid assets of approximately $35 million and ended the quarter with approximately $85 million of liquid assets. We anticipate ending the year with liquid assets within our targeted range of $50 million to $60 million. Our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. As discussed on previous calls, our consolidated RBC ratio was 314 at the end of 2023. For 2024, we currently estimate that no additional capital is needed to maintain our consolidated RBC target of 300% to 320%. Now with regards to policy obligations for the current quarter. As we discussed in prior calls, we have included within our supplemental financial information available on our website and exhibit that details the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. As a reminder, in the third quarter each year, we update both our life and health reserve assumptions. The remeasurement exhibit provides detail on the overall impact of the assumption changes by distribution channel. For the quarter, the overall remeasurement gain of $61 million reflects a $46 million gain from life and health assumption changes and a $15 million gain from experience fluctuations in the quarter. For the quarter, the life remeasurement gain of $71 million resulted in lower life policy obligations. $57 million was related to the assumption changes. This is higher than what we had anticipated and reflects recent experience trends for mortality and lapses. Health remeasurement loss of $10 million resulted in higher health policy obligations and was primarily related to assumption changes. These updated health assumptions anticipated higher future claims as a result of product changes, primarily at Family Heritage Life and AIL designed to enhance the value of these policies to our policyholders. Now with respect to earnings guidance for 2024. For the full year 2024, we estimate net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $12.20 to $12.40. The $12.30 midpoint is higher than our previous guidance and reflects the recent favorable underwriting income results and the higher share repurchases than previously anticipated for the year. With regards to 2025 guidance, for the full year 2025, we estimate net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $13.20 to $13.90, representing 10% growth at the midpoint of the range. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate premium revenue growing at 4.5% to 5% for life and 7.5% to 8.5% for health, the anticipated underwriting margins as a percent of premium to be in the range of 39% to 42% for life and 26% to 28% for health. In addition, we anticipate net investment income to experience flat to low single-digit growth next year and required interest to grow in the range of $0.03 to $0.035 due to a reduction in assets and policy reserves related to the annuity reinsurance transaction. Although 2024 actual [ph] results are not final for the year, at this time, we anticipate parent excess cash flows available to return to shareholders in 2025 will be approximately $575 to $625 million. This is higher than 2024 due to the anticipated increases in statutory earnings in 2024 over 2023 and reflects the favorable impact of statutory valuation changes. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Matt.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. To sum up our comments, I am very encouraged with the company's overall operational performance and financial results this year, and I believe that we are well positioned for strong growth in 2025. With that, we'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So first, just a question on life margins. If we take out the remeasurement gain, the margin is still better than it's been in a while. And so wondering if it's just an aberration and normal volatility in claims experience? Or are you seeing anything that would suggest that claims are maybe declining, COVID or non-COVID claims?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes, Jimmy, thank you for the question. I think we're seeing claims improve. So I think we're seeing continued favorable claims. And so -- we'd like to see that continue for a few more quarters, but are pleased with kind of where it is right now.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on the -- I thought, overall, your results were pretty strong, just the higher lapses in AIL and in Direct Response. Any color on what's going on there? And what your expectations are for those businesses?
Thomas Kalmbach: I think the part to note that lapses fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. And we're actually fairly pleased with the resiliency of the business in case of all that we've been going through. And actually, I think we're seeing an impact of some of the continued general economic conditions to our customers. So I think at AIL, in times of economic stress, we do see some higher lapses. And I think the AIL results are fairly consistent with the lapse rates we've seen in times of economic stress. So that's kind of where -- kind of the way that we're thinking about it right now, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly, on your guidance. You mentioned no additional share buybacks. I'm assuming you're mentioning -- you're talking about 2024, but what's the buyback assumption embedded in your 2025 EPS guidance?
Thomas Kalmbach: We'll give more guidance on the buyback assumption in our next call. But we did kind of -- we did give guidance on the excess cash flows, which is about $200 million, which is indicative of some additional buybacks that we'd anticipate next year as well.
Jimmy Bhullar: And the cash flow number you're referring $600 million is the number you're referring to, right?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And Jimmy, I would say that, just to confirm that Tom's comment did relate to just for the remainder of 2024, so we do have the excess cash flow anticipated at the 5.75 to 6.25 for 2025. And again, absent some other use of those funds, we would anticipate that we'd be using those for buybacks. We will anticipate going back to our normal process of, hey, we've got excess cash flow coming in throughout the year. We're going to evaluate the use of those funds and have some better alternative uses using those -- continuing to use those to fund buybacks.
Matt Darden: And then Jimmy, I was going to say you're correct. Q4, no more planned other than the $20 million that we've completed so far.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thanks, again.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wes Carmichael, Autonomous Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Wesley Carmichael: Hey, thanks good morning. On the unlocking related to the assumption review in life, can you just talk about what drove that in terms of the assumptions? I think you mentioned mortality and lapse. But is there also any impact to go forward run rate earnings?
Thomas Kalmbach: Well, I think the -- clearly, the assumption unlocking is related to our views, our latest views of mortality and lapse. And that does actually impact a bit of a more favorable run rate from a policy obligation perspective. So that's reflected in the guidance I gave you as far as our underwriting margin ranges, that's fully reflected within those ranges.
Wesley Carmichael: And that makes sense. I guess I just think about, there's been a string of kind of favorable remeasurement gains. But like with the assumption unlocking, does that kind of reset that to where you wouldn't really expect any more favorable kind of remeasurement gains coming through the P&L?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. It does reset that. The assumptions reflects our latest estimates for mortality, morbidity and lapse. And they're based on our observable long-term trends and not just the last couple of quarters that have been favorable. So as we update and get additional experience, we'll continue to update those assumptions. So I think clearly, the mortality expectations have improved. And in the last couple of quarters, near-term results have been favorable, right? So if they continue, then we're likely to see those being more favorable than our long-term assumptions and would result in remeasurement gains. So I think if the near-term results continue, we could see some favorable remeasurement gains relative the assumptions. And what I'd say is, again, the range of the guidance anticipates what we believe would be variations within that.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Wes, I think it is really important to think about that the assumptions that are getting reset are really based on overall long-term assumptions and the modeling that we have based on our book of business. And while the really -- the recent results are input into that model, you don't, each year, just reflect those assumptions based on really what we're seeing in the last few quarters. So it's based on a much longer view of that. And we are seeing some really favorable results right now. And while clearly, the long-term assumptions, we think they're improved from where we were a year ago, as Tom said, we continue to see some mortality at the level that we're -- we've been experiencing in the last couple of quarters, we very well could have some remeasurement gains still in the future.
Wesley Carmichael: Got it. That's all really helpful. And then my last question, I guess, I think you filed an 8-K in the quarter regarding the EEOC, and I think the issue perhaps relates to your agents and whether they should be classified as independent contractors and employees. But can you maybe just talk about where that issue stands and any other recent developments there?
Matt Darden: Don't have any significant update from what we put in there. But just as a reminder, the EEOC's investigation findings are not binding on administrative processes that could lead to a resolution on that. And we do have a long history of successful outcomes where courts have previously agreed with our position and determined that American Income sales agents are independent contractors. And as we noted in the 8-K, three of the individual complainants that have asserted Title VI claims against us, in private litigation, each of those claims have been dismissed with prejudice.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Barnidge, Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Maybe on the actuarial assumption review, with recent headlines talking about obesity levels having peaked, are you now factoring impact from GLP-1 drugs into your forward assumptions on mortality? Thank you.
Frank Svoboda: John, we are not factoring in the forward improvement in our mortality assumptions from those drugs. Yes. I think that's an area that we continue to really look at and study and we'll see how those actually emerged. As Tom said, we won't try to build those in from a future view. And once we really start seeing the impact -- that's how we really be taken into account. I think one of the challenges that we have is for our particular insured population, it's always getting -- as we've talked about on previous calls, getting access to those types of drugs and having the affordability and availability to them. And so we want to make sure that it's hitting our insured base before we start working those in.
John Barnidge: That makes sense. And my follow-up question on 2025 guidance, does that include a view on freed-up capital from a Bermuda platform? And how do you view the total addressable market for that platform with Globe's liabilities? Thank you.
Thomas Kalmbach: John, it does not include anything related to any final conclusions on Bermuda, we're still in the evaluation phase. We expect to conclude that in 2025. And then one of the benefits of Bermuda is it does take a little bit of time to get the benefits through reciprocal jurisdiction status that's required. So it will be over time that if we conclude the move liabilities to Bermuda that we see benefits to it.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Kligerman, TD Cowen. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey good morning. So I'm looking at the average -- I'm sorry, the quarterly average producing agent count and American Income up 10, Liberty up 14, Family Heritage up 8, could you give a little backdrop? I mean I know you've touched on middle management, but how sustainable is that without giving guidance? And can you keep adding middle management? Can you keep adding producers? Are these numbers that are one-off? Or are they potentially sustainable over the next few years?
Matt Darden: Well, what we like to see is that growth in the middle management count because that really is the sustainable growth going forward. It's those middle managers that are out in the field recruiting, training and onboarding new agents. And so that's one of the key metrics we generally look at. And so as we reflected more so on the sales guidance, kind of have to have strong growth on the agent count side to support that. But my guidance for 2025 on the sales growth in the agencies, I think it's all very robust. And you look at we've had quarter-over-quarter agent count growth that's been sustainable, particularly at American Income and Liberty. If I go back to the last quarter. In Q2, American Income had 13% growth in agent count, and Liberty had 16% count, agent count growth. And in Q1, American Income had 15% growth, and Liberty had 14% growth. So those are all, in my mind, very sustainable going forward because it's supported by double-digit management count growth underneath that. And so that's why we kind of look at that agent count growth as a leading indicator to our future sales growth. So we like the momentum that we're seeing on the agent count side that should translate well into 2025.
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. And then just shifting over to the health margins with Globe writing a lot of Medicare supplement, I imagine that's really what's getting hit on the margins. Could you talk about your ability to reprice that book? And what you would need to go through with regulators to change the pricing?
Mike Majors: Yes. We actually look at rate increases, look at the medical trend each year, and we actually go through our book and file rates -- rate increases, if needed, with regulatory authorities. We've had really good results as far as getting those rate increases through. And so we're right in the middle of that process right now, and we'd expect those rate increases to become effective in 2025. There is a little bit of a lag sometimes between when we see the experience and when we get the rate increases. So we are playing a little bit of catch up right now, but we anticipate getting appropriate rate increases for next year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Andrew, the 1 thing I would just add to that is just a reminder that on that Met sub business, it does have that 65% minimum loss ratio that we need to see over time. And then that's where our team is really, as Tom mentioned, very active and just trying to make sure that we're get our annual reviews and rate increases put in you can have a little bit of a lag. So if we had to have a little bit higher claims, let's just say in this year, you put in your rate increases, you should make it up next year and then just kind of depending on how then the utilization and cost trends take place in the following year.
Andrew Kligerman: Pretty helpful. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks, good morning. My first question, I guess, goes back to the capital discussion. You guys were considering M&A earlier in the year before the stock pulled back. Is there a sort of level where you would consider transactions again? And then on the capital side of things, is the intention that you guys will start buying back your stock once at the start of the first quarter of next year?
Matt Darden: Yes. Let me start with the M&A discussion. Historically, we focus and have been pretty selective on things that are properties in our target market area. We like properties that have exclusive distribution or distribution that we think that we have expertise in being able to grow as well as products in the market, that middle income market that we compete in. And so that's how we kind of think about it. Those opportunities come along, ever so often, and we evaluate those. And so we would continue to do that in the future to the extent that met those criteria around our strategy from an acquisition perspective. And then I think as we mentioned earlier related to the question on stock buyback, we would go through next year and more so our ratable process where we typically execute that throughout the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And I would anticipate that we would start that in the first quarter. And then we'll -- kind of our cash management process that we have throughout the year that we released that and we're getting dividends up, we'll start getting dividends, ordinary dividends from the subsidiaries in Q1, and then that will, again, as we evaluate that, and absent another better alternative, I would see us starting note again in Q1.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then have you guys said how much of your fixed income investments are in floating rate securities? And as we start to see interest rates perhaps move down a bit more, would you guys in 2025 expect to invest more in some of those other investments like commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships, etcetera?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So pretty much all of our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships are in floating rate investments. And so that's a little bit over $1 billion that we have in those floating rate assets Currently, those total -- I may call it the alternatives to fixed investment or fixed income securities, is about 7.3%. We would anticipate probably, I think in 2025, 25% or 30% of our total investments, acquisitions that we'd be making over the course of the year. And we would probably somewhere close to $1.5 billion that we would look to invest in 2025. And so, again, roughly 25% or 30% of that we would anticipate being in the CML and the LPs. And so we'd be growing our exposure into those a little bit in 2025 as well.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. And just on the liability side, we do have floating rate debt as well. So our commercial paper and our term loan are both floating rate debts that kind of offsets with lower financing costs if rates were to come down a little bit Right.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wilma Burdis, Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey good morning. Could you guys just go a little bit more on what drove the negative health remeasurement gain? I thought you talked about something about product changes? Was it a little bit underpriced? Can you just kind of talk in more detail about that? Thanks.
Thomas Kalmbach: Sure. So a couple of things here. We've had some pretty favorable health experience over the last couple of years, particularly during the pandemic. And so we want to make sure that our customers are receiving good value from their health products. And so we're making some product changes to enhance the value of the policyholders. The other piece of that is on Family Heritage, large of those products have returned a premium benefit, and that return on premium benefit is net of claims paid. So given we've got favorable claims experience, the return of premium benefit is also a little bit more valuable. So we've updated our assumptions around that as well.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. One thing I just probably want to clarify is that, that adjustment really is on those supplemental health products underwritten by family heritage, a little bit from Liberty and then American Income doesn't impact any of the Medicare Supplement products that we have at United American.
Wilma Burdis: Okay, thank you. And then could you talk a little bit about what you guys plan to do with the leverage over time? Is there a target to get back to the lower 20% range? And I guess sort of related to that, is it possible to call out the amount of the valuation manual change that will be reflected in 2025 cash flow? Thanks.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. So -- well, we're still targeting 23% to 27% debt cap ratio that's kind of the range that we've historically targeted. So no change in that. And then the valuation of manual changes, we estimate in excess of $120 million of benefit.
Frank Svoboda: And Wilma, I think we kind of project we'd be at the top end of that range. That's kind of our target range at the -- and then just through normal growth, that would tend to come down a little bit over 25%. And so then we'll continue to look at that as that drops and how we think about our leverage ratios going forward.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Suneet Kamath, Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks, good morning. I know you're still contemplating use of a Bermuda, I guess, subsidiary, Bermuda solution. But if you decide to sort of pull the trigger on that, should we think about that capital need as sort of being a potential use for some of that $575 million to $625 million cash flow to the holding company?
Thomas Kalmbach: We don't -- I would say no. I think our opportunity with Bermuda is to move towards an economic valuation framework, which is likely to release the need for capital, so lower asset requirement than what we need in the states. So we feel that as really an opportunity to raise capital rather than use capital.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. I thought you had mentioned something about -- it might take some time or there might be a lag before you start to see the benefits, that's why I was asking the question.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. The lag is just as you move business to Bermuda, you need to make sure that you have appropriate collateral for reserve credit. And so Bermuda has what's called reciprocal jurisdiction status, but it takes a few accounting periods to be able to qualify for that status.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And so we wouldn't anticipate that -- well, one is that included in the $575 million to $625 million is no anticipated benefit from any Bermuda transaction. And I think specifically to your question, it really should take from that anything that we're going to do or that we may do in Bermuda.
Matt Darden: I was just going to say and if we did move forward, as Tom mentioned, we'd be completing that analysis in 2025. And so the lag on the benefit is more likely in a 2026 time frame.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then I guess, I just want to come back to the guidance. Are you assuming that you get additional remeasurement gains embedded in that 2025 guidance? And if you are, is there a way to think about how much of that 10% growth midpoint to midpoint is from remeasurement?
Thomas Kalmbach: What I'd say is that our range of underwriting margin results really reflects kind of our view of obligation results, which clearly, we'll have fluctuations during the course of the year. And as I mentioned earlier, if our near-term results -- mortality results over the last few quarters continues, we're likely to see remeasurement gains. And so we've tried to incorporate that view in the range of our underwriting margins in the guidance.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And is it sort of like bottom end of the range is no incremental remeasurement and the top end of the range has? Is that the right way to think about it?
Frank Svoboda: I think that's a good way to think about it.
Suneet Kamath: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tom Gallagher, Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. First question, just on the Bermuda capital possibility potential. Are we talking about few hundred million dollars of capital that might get freed up? Or do you think it might be much larger than that? I just want to get a broad sense for how consequential that might be.
Thomas Kalmbach: That's exactly the work that we're going through right now is just what is the opportunity there. Our liabilities are long and in an economic framework, sometimes the requirements with regards to long-duration liabilities and asset portfolio that's a little bit shorter. Those benefits aren't as big as what might be expected. So that's really where the evaluation is what is the potential there, and that's kind of the decision point as far as whether we move forward or not.
Thomas Gallagher: Got it. So that's still -- you're not far along enough in the process to really get a sense for the range just yet. Is that fair?
Thomas Kalmbach: Correct. Correct. Right in the valuation. Yes.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. So as we think about what your new assumptions are after going through the actuarial review, are you still assuming some level of excess mortality persist here? Or have you pretty much eliminated that now? Are you assuming we're back to pre-pandemic global going forward?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes, we're not really back to pre-pandemic levels at this point. We see costs that continue to be higher than pre-pandemic levels. So we haven't -- we don't necessarily have an explicit assumption for excess mortality. What we've tried to do is build into our assumption. Our current best views as far as mortality and lapses at this point in time based upon long-term experience that we've had, and we'll continue to update as near-term experience emerges.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. And then just two other quick ones, if I could. So if I heard you correctly, to answer Wilma's question, it sounds like we'll call it, the sustainable amount of free cash flow that you expect to emerge in 2025 would be in the high $400 million range, maybe like $480 million after you back out the benefit from the valuation changes. Is that about the right level to think about right now?
Thomas Kalmbach: I think we're maybe a little higher than that just because of -- I think the valuation changes will have continued benefit in 2025 that will carry into 2026. So I do think that there are some -- I think they'll be diminished over time, but I think there will be some additional benefits in the future.
Thomas Gallagher: Got it. So there's a little bit of a tail on that, that persist.
Thomas Kalmbach: There is.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. And then finally, just how much is the term loan paydown that you expect to do in Q4?
Frank Svoboda: I don't think it's a term loan paydown just looking at reducing some of the commercial paper balances. So as you see that had popped up in Q3 as we were using that to I'm going to say, prefund some of the repurchases into Q3. So we would anticipate bringing that down in that $50 million to $100 million.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Krueger, KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks good morning. On the admin expenses, it seems like they were pretty elevated in the quarter. I think it looks like they're going to be higher in the fourth quarter, too. Can you comment on what exactly is driving that? And what is your expectation for 2025?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. So admin expenses were higher than what we had anticipated. We are seeing a little bit higher employee costs, including benefit costs, a little bit more technology costs as we move to Software as a Service as well as a little bit higher legal expenses that we've seen in the third quarter, and we'd expect to continue in the fourth quarter as well. So those are kind of some of the reasons why we're a little bit higher than what we had anticipated.
Frank Svoboda: One thing I would add to that, Ryan, is when we think about IT is a big driver of that, and we've really been making a lot of investments over the last few years, last couple of years, especially as we do think around improving our data analytics capabilities and data management and a lot of that is moving offsite to cloud, and so then the cost of that are running higher as we think of that Software as a Service and renting space out there, if you will. But then we're really focused on in our admin area around improving our customer experience and the digital experience. And so we've had a lot of software and applications and hardware involved with that and our policy administration improving our customer service. Several of those things came online here in 2024. And so that's what's kind of really driving a fair decent portion of the bump as we think of 2023 to 2024. If we look forward to 2025, we do see it probably growing. I think the admin as a percentage of premium still being around that 7.4, so roughly the same as where we have, so roughly kind of growing, if you will, of premium growth. That's really what our goals are is to make sure we're keeping that as manageable as possible as we kind of -- and making sure that we're realizing the value for some of these investments as well.
Ryan Krueger: Got it, thanks. And then on the reinsurance you mentioned, was the -- I guess is there any costs we should be considering of doing so? And do you see any additional opportunities for reinsurance?
Thomas Kalmbach: I don't -- there aren't any clear costs that I think should be reflected. I think we'll just continue to evaluate reinsurance as we look at managing capital managing risk overall for the organization.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: I just had a couple of other questions. One is on the MedSup business. It seems like claims levels for many senior products, senior health products have increased for a number of your peers in health insurance. And there are going to be high disenrollment from Med Advantage plan. So are you seeing any of that? And should -- if that does happen, should this help sales of MedSup plans?
Matt Darden: Well, to the extent, I think we've seen that in the past, to the extent there's some disruption on the Medicare Advantage side, there's typically benefit for the Medicare supplement market. As you continue to see some of that disruption currently we think that could be a tailwind for us over the coming period. So a little bit of wait and see that market, as you know, definitely volatile, but to the extent you see dis-enrollments there, it could benefit us on our Medicare supplement side.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just lastly, you've had elevated legal expenses, not as part of operating but in net income. Fair to assume that, that continues in the short term? And if it does, I'm assuming that that's not included in your free cash flow numbers.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I mean, I do think, Jimmy, that it probably will. We do anticipate that it's probably going to continue at some elevated levels here at least for the short term. There really has been kind of a change in just how some of the legal cases are being worked and they're becoming more complex in the system and just taking longer to resolve and adjudicate, which is driving up some of those costs as well. And so it is actually reflected in our overall thoughts around our excess cash flows here.
Jimmy Bhullar: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions on the line, so I will now hand you back to your host for closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: (Abrupt Start) Globe Life Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And now I'd like to hand the call over to Stephen Mota. Please go ahead.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2023 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $258 million or $2.83 per share compared to $215 million or $2.24 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $271 million or $2.97 per share, an increase of 14% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through June 30 is 20.8% and book value per share is $58.06. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity is 14.5% and book value per share as of June 30 is $82.38, up 14% from a year ago. Before we continue, we would like to address and advance the status of the independent review conducted by the Audit Committee of Globe Life's Board of Directors regarding allegations levied against the company by short sellers. On June 22, 2024, Globe Life filed an 8-K addressing this matter. As noted in the 8-K, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors conducted an independent investigation of allegations contained in various short seller reports. The Audit Committee was assisted in its review by the law firm, WilmerHale, and the forensic accounting firm, FTI Consulting. The scope of the independent review included all allegations that raise specific questions about the accuracy and integrity of the company's financial statements and disclosures. It also included the company's process for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. As stated, the Audit Committee has completed its review and determined that the allegations of financial misconduct were not supported. Additionally, the independent review did not identify any matters requiring adjustments to the company's previously issued financial statements or related disclosures in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We believe the allegations were false and misleading and were designed to drive down Globe Life's stock price in an effort for the short sellers to profit at the expense of our long-term shareholders. The company stands by its financial results and disclosures, which remain accurate and do not require any adjustments. In addition, the Audit Committee reviewed and confirmed that the company has policies and procedures in place designed to safeguard the quality of the work experience. Compliance with our code of conduct, both internally and in connection with our third-party relationships, is and will continue to be a key focus area for management.
Matt Darden: In separate but related issues, we'd like to update you regarding the inquiry by the SEC and the request by the DOJ. As we have previously disclosed, the company received an inquiry from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company and the Audit Committee have provided information in response to the SEC's request received to date. And the company is cooperating fully and will continue to do so. At this time, the SEC has not asserted any claims against the company or indicated it intends to do so. Regarding the DOJ, we continue to fully cooperate in responding to requests related to sales practices by certain licensed insurance agents in Arias Organization who are contracted to sell American Income policies. The DOJ has not asserted any claims or made allegations against the company or American Income or indicated it intends to do so. In conclusion, we'd like to discuss the questions we have received regarding ongoing litigation and the company's process for identifying, assessing and remediating complaints related to alleged misconduct. The various allegations are subject of litigation in a variety of stages. And as you can appreciate, it would not be appropriate for us to comment on terminated contracts or pending lawsuits. But as we've discussed in prior calls, Globe Life takes unethical conduct and any allegations brought to our attention concerning harassment, inappropriate conduct or unethical business practices seriously, and we do not tolerate such behavior. The company has reasonable and appropriate systems in place that are designed to detect and mitigate misconduct and attempted fraudulent activities. Globe Life has a long history of integrity in our business practices and principles while providing our customers with financial protection as well as work opportunities for agents, small business owners and employees to build financial security. We are focused on results and the continued strategic growth of Globe Life. Our field force of approximately 17,000 agents and our 3,500 employees are focused and dedicated to helping families make tomorrow better by working to protect their financial futures. And together, we strive to act in accordance with the highest levels of ethics and integrity at all levels of the organization. Now Frank, let's talk about our results with respect to our insurance operations.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the second quarter increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $815 million. Life underwriting margin was $320 million, up 8% from a year ago, driven by the premium growth and lower overall policy obligations. For the year, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.5% and 5% at the midpoint of our guidance and life underwriting margin to grow between 9% and 10%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be in the range of 39% to 41%. In health insurance, premium grew 7% to $352 million, and health underwriting margin was up 9% to $100 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow approximately 6.5% to 7%. And at the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow between 1% and 2%, and as a percent of premium to be between 27% and 29%. Administrative expenses were $82 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 7%, consistent with our expectations, compared to 6.8% a year ago. For the full year 2024, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First, I'd like to discuss American Income Life. Here, the life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $424 million, and the life underwriting margin was up 7% to $193 million. In the second quarter of 2024, net life sales were $95 million, and this is up 16% from a year ago and is primarily due to the strong growth in our agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 11,869, and that is up 13% from a year ago. We are seeing strong recruiting activity along with continued improvement in new agent retention. Our new [indiscernible] pipeline for the second quarter is up 16% from the prior year, and I'm very pleased with the sales productivity and agent count trends at American Income. At Liberty National, the life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $92 million, and the life underwriting margin was up 9% to $31 million. Net life sales increased 11% to $26 million, and net health sales were $8 million, which is up 4% from the year ago quarter. Growth in both the life and the health sales was due primarily to the increase in agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 3,700 and is up 16% from a year ago. Liberty National continues to generate positive recruiting and sales momentum, and this is driven by our investments in technology and the growth in middle management. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $106 million, and health underwriting margin increased 12% to $37 million. Net health sales were up 7% to $25 million, and this is primarily due to an increase in agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,361, and this is up 1% from a year ago. And as we've said before, we continue to emphasize recruiting and middle management development at Family Heritage. And I'm encouraged as we have started to see middle management growth, which is up 11% from year-end. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were flat compared to the year ago quarter at $249 million, while the life underwriting margin increased 13% to $64 million and is due primarily to favorable mortality and continued efforts to maximize our margin dollars. Net life sales were $31 million and is down 3% from the year ago quarter. As we have previously mentioned, the decline in sales is primarily due to lower customer inquiries as we have reduced marketing spend on certain campaigns that do not meet our profit objectives. Our focus in this area is having a positive impact on our overall margin. We will continue to focus on maximizing underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring new business. Additionally, as a reminder, the direct-to-consumer channel provides support to our agency business through brand impressions and the generation of sales leads. At United American General Agency, our health premiums increased 9% over the year ago quarter to $149 million. Health underwriting margin with $17 million and is up approximately $2 million from the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $18 million, and this is up approximately $7 million over the year ago quarter and it's due primarily to improved market conditions for our Medicare Supplement business. Now I'd like to discuss projections. Based on the trends that we are seeing and the experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for 2024 to be as follows: at American Income, low double-digit growth; at Liberty National, mid-teens growth; and at Family Heritage, mid-single-digit growth. Now our net life sales for 2024 are projected to be as follows. At American Income, mid-teens growth. Now here, we are raising our guidance at American Income to reflect strong second quarter experience along with the trends we are seeing. Last quarter, we had tempered our projections just out of an abundance of caution. Liberty National sales anticipate low double-digit growth and direct-to-consumer slightly down. Net health sales for 2024 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, high single-digit growth; and at Family Heritage, also high single-digit growth; and United American General Agency, low to mid-single-digit growth. I'll turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest, was $43 million, up $11 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $286 million, up 9% or $24 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is largely due to strong 6% growth in average invested assets over that period. In addition, higher interest rates across fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and short-term investments also contributed to the higher growth rate. Acquired interest is up approximately 5.5% [ph] over the year ago quarter, slightly higher than the 5% growth in average policy liabilities. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow between 7% and 8% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets. In addition, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate required interest will grow around 5% to 5.5% for the year, resulting in growth in excess investment income of approximately 20% to 25%. Now with respect to our investment yield. In the second quarter, we invested $241 million in investment-grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 6.16%, an average rating of A- and an average life of 35 years. We also invested approximately $115 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics, and an average expected cash return of 10%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involved office properties. These investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments and they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the fixed maturity portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.26%, up 8 basis points from the second quarter of 2023 and up 2 basis points for the first quarter. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was 5.24%. Including the cash yield from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships, the second quarter earned yield was 5.44%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $21.3 billion, including $19.2 billion from fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.7 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.6 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position as it is mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 46% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 49% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets helped by many of our peers, such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, real estate, equities, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment-grade bonds remained below at $564 million compared to $496 million a year ago. The average of below investment grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.9%. During the quarter, we did take the opportunity to extend duration on a portion of our portfolio by selling some shorter maturity bonds and investing in longer-dated securities. While we realized a loss on some of the months sold, we were able to extend the average life and improve the overall yield of the portfolio and we're able to reduce our exposure to smaller regional banks. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect to invest approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in fixed maturities and an average yield of 5.7% to 5.9%, and approximately $500 million to $600 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics and an average expected cash return of 8% to 10%. As we've said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not interest sensitive. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Thomas Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First, let me spend a few minutes discussing our available liquidity, share repurchase program and capital position. Parent began the quarter with liquid assets of approximately $65 million and ended the quarter with approximately $35 million of liquid assets. We anticipate concluding the year with liquid assets in the range of $50 million to $60 million that we have historically targeted. In the second quarter, the company repurchased approximately 3.8 million shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of just over $314 million at an average share price of $81.87, resulting in repurchases to date of approximately 4 million shares for a total cost of approximately $330 million at an average share price of $83.17. Including shareholder dividend payments of $23 million for the quarter, the company returned approximately $337 million to shareholders during the second quarter of 2024 alone and has returned approximately $375 million year-to-date. The amount of share repurchases during the quarter is higher than usual as we took the opportunity to accelerate repurchases from the second half of the year given the favorable market conditions with share prices below our book value per share. We are able to finance this largely with excess cash flows during the quarter due to the timing of subsidiary dividends and the use of parent's liquid assets. In addition to the liquid assets held by the parent, the parent company will generate excess cash flows during the remainder of the year. The parent company's excess cash flows, as we define it, results primarily from dividends received from the parent from its subsidiaries less interest paid on debt. We anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $440 million to $460 million and is available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends and through repurchases. As mentioned on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. At this time, we believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary source -- sorry, the primary use of the parent's excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. We intend to use 2024 excess cash flows to purchase $350 million to $370 million during the year and distribute $85 million to $90 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends. In addition, during the second half of the year, we anticipate raising additional capital to support accelerating approximately $400 million of additional share repurchases in 2024. So for the full year, at the midpoint of our earnings guidance, we anticipate approximately $750 million to $770 million of total share repurchases for the full year. Now with regard to our capital levels at the insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At the end of 2023, our consolidated RBC was 314%. At this ratio, our subsidiaries had, at that time, approximately $85 million of capital over the amount needed to meet the low end of the consolidated RBC target of 300%. In 2024, we currently estimate that no additional capital is needed to maintain the midpoint of our consolidated RBC target of 300% to 320%. Now with regards to policy obligations during the current quarter. As we've discussed on prior calls, we have included within the supplemental financial information available on our website and exhibit that details the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2023, we updated both our life and health assumptions, and there have been no changes to our long-term assumptions in the period since. No assumptions were made in the second quarter of 2024, and we intend to update life and health assumptions in the upcoming third quarter. In addition to the impact of assumption changes, the remeasurement gain or loss also indicates experienced fluctuations. For the second quarter of 2024, life policy obligations were favorable when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency. The remeasurement gain related to experience fluctuations resulted in $12 million of lower life obligations and $3 million of lower health policy obligations. We continue to be encouraged by the recent short-term trends and policy obligations experience. The range of our earnings guidance encompasses potential future remeasurement impacts, inclusive of assumption changes through the remainder of 2024. Recent and longer-term life and health mortality trends will inform the third quarter 2024 update to assumptions. So now finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2024. For the full year 2024, we estimate that operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $11.80 to $12.10, representing 12% growth at the midpoint of the range. The $11.95 [ph] midpoint is higher than our previous guidance and reflects recent anticipated improvements in underwriting income results in addition to a greater impact from share repurchases than previously anticipated for the year. Those are my comments, and I'll now turn it over back to Matt.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments, and we will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: I'm assuming that's me. So good morning. So first, I had a question just on lapses. And if you look at first year lapses across the various divisions, they seem like they increased a little bit in all of them. So I'm wondering if that's just -- you consider that normal elaboration. Or is there -- is it something related to the economy and just inflation or any changes in sales or service practices on your end that's driving them?
Thomas Kalmbach: We're really pleased with what we're seeing with recent persistency, particularly in face of the short seller reports and the continued impact of the general economic conditions. I think it really speaks highly and reaffirms the stability of our business and we believe speaks to the nature that the basic protection products that we offer meet the needs for the customers. As it relates to first year lapses, they were just up at AIL or up just a little bit over the prior quarter. And so really in line with our 10-year average as well. So I think it really is just a fluctuation. And then DTC, our overall first year lapses are in line with -- overall lapses are in line with expectations. The first year lapses were up a little bit over prior quarter, but just slightly higher than Q2 2023, and that could be related to sourcing. So we do see a little bit higher lapses on Internet sales. Internet sales are a little bit higher. So that may be driving some of that experience as well. And on LND first year lapses, they are really consistent with last quarter. So again, we think a fairly good result from a lapse perspective for the business.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then you had a couple of items below the line that affected your net income. I think one of them was related to M&A, and I'm assuming that's an expense that should not continue. But the legal expenses, how much of those were really cash expenses versus maybe a reserve? And then what are your thoughts about how those numbers will be as you go through this year and the likely impact of that on free cash flow next year?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. So the legal expenses are related to expenses we've incurred related to the WilmerHale investigation and the short seller, investigating the short-seller allegations. We'd expect some of those to continue a little bit for the rest of the year as we continue to work through those issues. And then on the M&A expenses, the other expenses there, hard to predict but at this point, I don't see any of those expenses continuing unless another opportunity emerge that we would pursue.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, I would just add that I wouldn't think that they would continue to be material, if you will, and having any kind of material impact on our excess cash flows as we're thinking about it from next year's perspective or even on the remainder of this year.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then if I could just ask one more on the accelerated buybacks and the related financing. Are you thinking about pulling forward the activity that you normally would have done next year into the second half? Or you think that you have some debt capacity and you can -- assuming no major changes in the stock price, do those, but then next year, you get back to your normal schedule?
Thomas Kalmbach: Exactly. I think we have some debt capacity, Jimmy. We feel like we have some room to finance in adding $400 million of additional debt. We'll bring our projected debt cap ratios kind of closer to the 25%. And we really kind of like to operate in that 23% to 27%. So it's well within the range of our debt capacity.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, I'd probably just add that as we continue to take a look at that, and as Tom said, I think we've got adequate -- we've got adequate capacity there to be kind of where our normal historical ranges have been. But of course, we're also taking a look at just seeing, are there some opportunities around capital management to free up some excess capital within the insurance operations, whether that be through reinsurance or other means and just continuing to look at that as well.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Carmichael from Autonomous Research.
Wesley Carmichael: Hey good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I just had one follow-up on Jimmy's last one. But do you have any idea about the form of whether that's senior notes or commercial paper that you want to use for the financing to finance that accelerated buyback?
Thomas Kalmbach: We haven't decided on the final form, but my preference would probably lead a little bit towards longer-term debt. It does depend a little bit on the rates that are available in the market. So we'll look at all of our options and select what we think is best for us.
Wesley Carmichael: Got it. That's helpful. And just regarding the Audit Committee's investigation, you disclosed that there's no need to restate financials or disclosures. But is there any sort of broader review that's going on regarding some of these short seller allegations, especially around agent behavior in American Income? Or do you not really expect any kind of material organizational changes?
Matt Darden: Well, as we had mentioned, the review also included processes for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. We have been and always do look at our processes and procedures and controls and have a process in place for continuing to evaluate those and enhance them as necessary. So that'd be no different in the future as we think about what has come out of the review as well as just our normal processes for implementing improvements. As we said, we believe we have the appropriate procedures in place to identify activity that's inappropriate or not in line with our core principles, and we take appropriate action as necessary.
Frank Svoboda: The one thing I would add to that, Wes, is that we really do think of this as just kind of part of our overall third-party risk management processes. And so part of that is evaluating the changing risks in that environment and how that changes from time to time. And so as Matt said, we're always continuing to strive for improvement and we'll continue to look for ways to enhance what we're currently doing.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from John calling in from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you very much for the opportunity. My first question, on June 13, I think you filed an 8-K about a tech issue with an unauthorized access. Do you have an update on that at all, what the status of that is, please?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So with -- as we noted in the 8-K, that we did initiate a review of potential vulnerabilities regarding some access permissions and user identity management for a company web portal. That was following an inquiry that we did receive from a state insurance regulator. We have addressed the vulnerabilities from that and we have initiated a comprehensive investigation into the matter. At this point, the investigation is still ongoing and we have yet to determine the full scope, nature and impact overall. But we do know that there has not been a material impact on the company's operations. So we really don't have anything further to disclose at this time, but we'll continue to provide any notable updates as they become available.
John Barnidge: My other question, I believe at the end of April, there was a share repurchase authorization. It's good through the end of 2025, $1.3 billion. For my math, that would possibly imply a greater amount of buybacks in 2025 than the normal run rate would imply. Can you talk about the optionality to bring forward 2026 cash flows? Thank you.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. I think that was really consistent with my comment of raising additional financing in the second half of the year to the use of additional share repurchases and then we would have our normal excess cash flows in 2025, which should get us fairly close. And the other thing Frank had mentioned is we are looking at other options to raise additional capital from our insurance operations through reinsurance and other means. So that would be another potential source that would allow us to purchase some additional shares in either 2024 or 2025.
Frank Svoboda: I think the one thing I'll add is that, it's still preliminary and we'll talk about it more on the next call as far as our expectations of excess cash flows for, what would kind of normally that we would expect for 2025. And right now, just kind of preliminarily, we do see them being at a higher level than what we have here available in 2024. So we do think there's some additional capacity there. Again, we'll talk about that more on the next call. And I think the only thing I'd point out is that it was clear that the authorization, it's not a mandate. So we're not -- we'll take a look at what's there and seek to buy back as many shares as long as it's prudent for us to do so.
John Barnidge: Appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next question from Suneet Kamath from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks. Just wanted to start with the Audit Committee review. So I just want to make sure I understand. So is it that they went through the review and really did not identify anything that you guys need to do better in terms of monitoring your sales practices and it's just business as usual? Given that -- considering the fact that you had already said that, you look at this stuff on an ongoing basis, but there really wasn't anything incremental that you need to do?
Matt Darden: Well, as we've mentioned, the independent review focused on the financial allegations and that raised questions about the financial statements and disclosures. Also, it did examine just our company processes for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. So I'll go back to what I said earlier in that we always continue to look to are there areas that we need to enhance. We continually enhance internal controls around a variety of things, including our sales practices. We always look at our processes and procedures for identifying misconduct and addressing those as appropriate. And so we will continue to do so as far as evaluating those and continuing to enhance those as appropriate.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then just sort of relatedly, on the DOJ and the SEC. Are those reviews that ultimately will figure -- we'll hear something about how, what the conclusions are? Or is this just -- if there's nothing to talk about, they just sort of don't -- like there's no finality to it? I'm just trying to figure out from a timing perspective how we should be thinking about these reviews.
Matt Darden: Sure. Our intent would be to update you as the material developments happen in both of those cases.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then the last one I had was just on the remeasurement, just so I understand what's going on here because it looked like you did your assumption review in Q3, you'll do another one in Q3 of this year. But the remeasurement gains in the fourth quarter and the second quarter -- fourth quarter of last year, second quarter this year were quite big. I mean I'm assuming that to seemingly suggest that you could have another favorable assumption review here in the third quarter? Or are these remeasurement gains really reflecting some of the assumption changes that you did last year?
Thomas Kalmbach: The remeasurement gains that we reported in the quarter are relative to the assumptions, our current assumptions for determining reserves, which were established in the third quarter of 2023. So in essence, I'd say yes there. We have seen some remeasurement gains throughout the year on the life business and the health business. And so those are indicative of mortality trends that appear to be favorable relative to those valuation assumptions and relative to an endemic assumption that we established back in Q3 of 2023. So that's what we're looking at right now and evaluating just our base mortality assumptions as well as what do we think is an appropriate assumption long term for the endemic or short term for the endemic. And so that's what we're finalizing in Q3 and which will result in an update to those assumptions. We do -- given the recent experience, we do anticipate that will be a favorable remeasurement gain on the life business and hence, the reason for Frank increasing the range of our pulse, our underwriting margins to 39% to 41%. So we do think that those will move up a little bit.
Suneet Kamath: It does. Just the last one on that. So just to be clear, is that embedded in your new EPS guidance? Or this would be incremental to the EPS guidance?
Thomas Kalmbach: Now it's embedded in our guidance range and what we've tried to reflect what we anticipate in the midpoint of that range as well.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks, good morning. My first question in response to some earlier questions you guys mentioned, looking into a potential reinsurance as a way to free up capital. Can you just expand on what you guys might consider? And then it sounds like this could perhaps be either a 2024 or 2025 event. Do you have a sense of any comments on potential time frame as well?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We're continuing to evaluate reinsurance opportunities, and we have a financial reinsurance program in place right now. So we're just looking at whether it makes sense to expand that program a little bit. In addition, that there's -- we think there's opportunity to manage overall capital in an economic framework like is available in Bermuda. So we're evaluating that option and what that might look like. That's probably a little bit longer term as far as capital management approach. But we think that there's some promise in that solution.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The only thing I would add. There are a few -- lots of business that we are evaluating to see, does it make any sense for us and our shareholders to dispose of those books of business. We don't have -- we've kind of talked about that before that we don't have a lot of books that are necessarily old books of business that are closed block and that type of thing. So there's not necessarily a lot there, but there's things that we're taking a look at.
Elyse Greenspan: And then you guys gave us a lot of color on capital. What were the subsidiary dividends in the quarter? And embedded within your capital plans, what are the -- what's the new guidance for sub dividends for the full year?
Thomas Kalmbach: The full year dividends from the insurance subsidiaries is just over $460 million, between $460 million and $470 million. We haven't updated our guidance for what dividends will be to the parent in 2025. We'll look at that later in the year. One of the things that is impacting, that will impact, I think, 2025 dividends favorably is there are some valuation manual changes from a statutory accounting perspective that should be favorable to us and we can give you an update on that next quarter as well.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. A follow-up on the WilmerHale investigation. I guess, did they investigate actual agent misconduct at all? Or is it really just predominantly focused on your own company's procedures to kind of manage agent behavior?
Matt Darden: It looked at the company's processes for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. And the Audit Committee did review and confirm that the company has policies and procedures in place designed to safeguard the work experience for the agents. As we've mentioned before, we're confident in our controls around identifying agent behavior along with our processes for investigating issues that we've come aware of and remediating those as necessary and taking the appropriate action.
Frank Svoboda: Ryan, they also, as I noted before, they looked at all the allegations that might have and they kind of questioned, if you will, the accuracy or integrity of our financial statements and disclosures. So to the extent that there were agent behaviors that would have impacted our financial statements or our disclosures, let's just say for instance, sales activities, those allegations would have been looked into and seen whether or not there was any reasons for any restatements of any of our previously issued financial reports or disclosures. And as we noted before, they did determine that no restatements were necessary.
Matt Darden: Which includes [indiscernible].
Ryan Krueger: Understood. Got it. And I guess just one more on this specific topic. So if in the future, for example, with the DOJ investigation into some of the specific agents. If they do ultimately determine there was misconduct, like do you see that as something that is a liability to you as a company, given that they're independent contractors? Or because of that distinction, do you view that almost as a separate issue?
Matt Darden: I think really, as we evaluate that, it looks like currently, as we've said in our statement earlier, they're reviewing the sales activity of just certain agents that were in the Arias Organization. And if there's a significant update to that from a scope perspective, we'd be sure to disclose and update that. But right now, that is the focus of the inquiries so far.
Ryan Krueger: And then just one separate question on free cash flow. You had mentioned a few things. It sounds like that could be positive next year. I think previously, you had talked about looking at ways to get the free cash flow conversion higher. And I think you had mentioned the possibility of getting it up to 60%, at least over time. Can you just give an update on that? And do you expect to make at least part, I guess, progress towards the 60% in 2025? Or is that something that would occur longer term?
Thomas Kalmbach: I would -- yes, it's definitely over the longer term. The things that I talked about actually will, I think, be additive and actually kind of are aligned with getting to that 60%. So it continues to be something that we're striving towards and looking at opportunities to do. And that's where I think the use -- more effective use of Bermuda regulatory environment could actually really help support getting to the higher cash conversion ratio.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And some of those -- as we've taken a look into it, I think there are some near-term items that -- I do think some of our optimism with respect to 2025 free cash flows stems from strong sales, which is following converting into strong premium growth in 2024 and then the favorable, some of the favorable claims experience that we're seeing, especially on the life side will help with the statutory income in 2024 as well. So that gives us some optimism that we may have some expanded excess cash flows in 2025. And Tom's right, some of those where it's changing the nature of the conversion ratio. Some of that dovetailed into 2025, which may not end up materializing until 2026 as far as additional dividends and some of that, even though we'll take a look, obviously, and see what it is, what we can do from a timing perspective.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Wilma Burdis from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey good morning. Would a positive, a very positive 3Q 2024 review possibly imply higher free cash flow? I think you guys have talked about how the remeasurement gains are very favorable. Thanks.
Thomas Kalmbach: Some of that will be -- the remeasurement gains or losses are GAAP. So what drives the free cash flow is statutory earnings. However, as we kind of -- as we've mentioned in the past or I've mentioned in the past is when we see a remeasurement gain relative to our assumptions in GAAP, that's about 25% of what the delta is from our assumptions comes through. And so the full impact of assumption, the differences between assumptions, a good majority of that is going to be coming through in statutory. So that's one of the reasons why we think that we'll have improved statutory earnings in 2024 that will then lead to increased dividends from the subsidiary to the parent in 2025 and higher excess cash flows. So that's part of it. The other thing that I mentioned is the change in the valuation manual that has been implemented in 2024, I think will also result in higher statutory earnings and actually could also increase excess cash flows or dividends to the parent in 2025 from the subs and resulting in a higher excess cash flow.
Wilma Burdis: And just a quick follow-up on that one. Is there any additional color you could provide on what the valuation manual change relates to?
Thomas Kalmbach: It relates to the aggregation of mortality assumptions related to determining principal-based reserves, is the change allows add some clarity around what level of aggregation you can use. And so by being able to aggregate larger blocks, there's an opportunity to -- an opportunity to use a more favorable mortality assumption in the valuation of the reserve.
Wilma Burdis: And this is a really broad one. But do you think there's anything else you can do to mitigate the DOJ, SEC overhang?
Matt Darden: Unfortunately, that's an independent process outside our control. So we're -- what we are doing is fully cooperating in both instances as well as providing any additional information or response to inquiries that we get as quickly as possible. So our desire, of course, is to have those progress forward as quickly as possible. And the best thing we can do is just be very responsive as we work through those processes.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning. Just on the American Income side. Have there been any changes in senior management or sales managers as a result of your review? It sounds fairly narrow in scope based on the way I've heard it described, focusing on certain agents. But has there been any changes on the management side? Or have there been any agents that have been let go as a result of this?
Matt Darden: So you had several questions there. Let me see if I can address them. Regarding the scope being narrow, the narrowness was related to the DOJ investigation focused on specific agents within the Arias Organization. As far as evaluation of the assertions and allegations in the short selling report, that covered very broad from all of our financial items that were pointed out as well as just our overall processes and systems for controls. And I think as we've noted in the past is some of the agents that have shown up in some of the articles are terminated agents. They are not here any longer, and that happened long before investigation that the Audit Committee started. So I'll just go back to my statement earlier is that we do take an appropriate action related to misconduct as well as I think I'd mentioned on our last call is that some of the assertions by the short sellers were based on an executive on the sales management side within American Income that we had terminated for costs. And so we do take appropriate action. We take these things seriously and we are confident in our processes and controls. And as I'd mentioned, we always continue to enhance that, but it was a pretty broad and wide range in review and the results of that, that we've discussed today.
Thomas Gallagher: But no one, from the recent review that was done, you haven't made any -- there's been no terminations of sales management or otherwise as a result of that review. Is that a fair statement?
Matt Darden: That is not a fair statement but I'm not at liberty to discuss things that are under litigation trends, etcetera, as I'd mentioned in my prepared call.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. Okay. And then my follow-up, but just back on the remeasurement gains for mortality. So is mortality still somewhat adverse relative to pre-pandemic levels? Or are we back to normal now? Or is it actually trending favorable? I realize the -- certainly favorable relative to the conservatism in your assumptions that were implemented as part of LDTI, but I just want to know where we are, like are we all the way back now or is it still somewhat adverse?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We still see -- first of all, mortality has been fairly consistent over the last few quarters, which has been good. We are seeing, as you said, some improvements from where they were at the peak. But we also -- causes that continue to be higher than where they were pre-COVID. And I would say heart disease and cancer although improved, are still a little bit higher than where we were prior to 2019. And one that remains elevated causing the death is neurological disorders, which would be stroke and Alzheimer's. So we're keeping an eye on that. And then I think another like a positive is nonmedical deaths have improved. And those have improved, those are actually, I'd say, more in line with historical, maybe just a little bit elevated from where they were. So I think the trends are good, but we're not quite there yet.
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. So stroke in Alzheimer's is where you still see somewhat elevation. Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up question from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: So Tom, just on your comments on the stat valuation changes. Can you sort of give us a rough range of the expected amount, single-digit millions, tens of millions or higher than that, just so we have some idea? I recognize you'll give out the exact details next quarter.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We'll give you the details, Jimmy, next quarter. We're still going through all of our work. So I want to actually give you a good number, and we'll be looking to implement that.
Jimmy Bhullar: But the fact that you mentioned it sort of would imply that it's more than just a handful of million dollars. Is that a correct assertion?
Thomas Kalmbach: That's fair, Jimmy. Yes.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. We'll wait another three months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that's all questions we have today. With this, I'd like to hand the call back over to Stephen Mota for any additional or closing remarks.
Stephen Mota: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Globe Life Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Release Call. My name is George. I will be coordinating at today's event. Please note, this conference is being recorded. And for the duration of the call, your lines will be in a listen-only mode. However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions towards the end of presentation. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Stephen Mota, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release and 2023 10-K on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $254 million or $2.67 per share, compared to $224 million or $2.28 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $264 million or $2.78 per share, an increase of 10% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through March 31 is 21.3%, and book value per share is $53.3. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity is 14.3% and book value per share as of March 31 is $79, up 12% from a year ago. Before we continue, we'd like to take a moment to address ahead of time, questions many of you may have regarding dismissed litigation against the company, the DOJ inquiry, and the recent attack on the company by a short seller. For over 70 years, our business model has stood the test of time. And as we will further discuss today, we continue to generate sustainable earnings growth that provide long-term value for our shareholders. With over 17 million policies in force, our millions of customers value the protection of the company's products, and we strive to be there when our customers need us most. We want to assure you that Globe Life, its management and our Board of Directors strive to act in accordance with the highest level of ethics and integrity at all levels of the organization. While we believe the short seller's claims present a false and misleading overall picture of the company and its subsidiaries, as a demonstration of our commitment to operating ethically, the company's Audit Committee has retained the international law firm, WilmerHale, to conduct an independent review of the assertions in the short seller's report. As you can appreciate, given the ongoing nature of the DOJ's investigation and out of respect for the integrity of the independent review initiated by the Audit Committee, we are limited in what we can say. For this reason, we will not be taking any additional questions on these issues today, although our intent is to address questions we understand you may have to the extent possible. We will provide updates as and when appropriate. First, we want to provide a brief update on the status of the lawsuit filed by claimant Renee Zinsky, a former independent contractor sales agent, which, as many of you know, included allegations of sexual harassment and purported fraudulent business practices, neither of which we tolerate, and the claim that she was misclassified as an independent contractor. On September 27, 2022, the claimant filed the demand for arbitration and participated in the selection of the three arbitrator panel. After a year and a half of years of litigation, the arbitration hearing was scheduled to begin on March 4, 2024. The night before the hearing, the claimant sought to dismiss her claims without obtaining any relief or payment. After a lengthy discussion on the record, the panel dismissed the case with prejudice, and on April 3, 2024 of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania affirmed the dismissal with prejudice. On March 14, 2024, Global Life filed an 8-K addressing this matter in more detail, and the court filings are publicly available for those interested. Also noted in our Form 8-K, Global Life and American Income received subpoenas from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Pennsylvania. These subpoena sought documents related to sales practices by certain licensed insurance agents in the areas of organization who are contracted to sell American Income policies. The company and American Income is in the process of responding to these subpoenas, which were received in late 2023, and have been fully cooperating with the DOJ. The DOJ has not asserted any claims or made allegations against the company and American Income with respect to the foregoing investigation. And the company currently is not aware that any legal proceedings are contemplated by governmental authorities. While no assurances can be made and we are still evaluating the matter, management did not believe when the subpoenas were received, and does not believe now, that it is either reasonably possible or probable this investigation will result in material liability to the company. As such, the company did not disclose the existence of the request from the DOJ in its Form 10-K. We are providing additional information regarding this matter to you now in light of recent questions that have been raised. Matt?
Matt Darden: Thanks, Frank. Most recently, both the litigation and the DOJ's investigation were the subject of a lengthy attack on the company by a short seller. As we have stated publicly, we believe the report mischaracterizes many facts and it relies on anonymous sources, dismissed lawsuits and allegations that have not been proven in litigation to present a false and misleading overall picture of Global Life and American Income. In this instance, we believe the short seller's report demonstrates a fundamental lack of understanding of the life insurance business generally and about how our company operates and reports revenue. As we have disclosed in our annual reports and audited financial statements, Globe Life recognizes revenue from premiums for long-duration life and health insurance products over the life of the contract and when payments are due from the policyholder. Therefore, premium revenue closely matches the cash we collect monthly. For example, during the fiscal year 2023, American Income's collected premium payments and reported GAAP premium income were essentially the same at $1.6 billion. A history of American Income's collected premium as compared to its reported GAAP premium is included in the supplemental financial information available on the Investors section of our website. Now we only report net sales and policies after they have been through our underwriting and quality control processes. And as disclosed in our public filings, when calculating net sales for American Income, we exclude policies that are canceled in the first 30 days after issue. Fundamentally, the success of our business depends on our underwriting rigor and our ability to continue selling policies to customers who keep their policies and pay their premiums over time. Now this builds a solid book of business, and we have continued to do so year-over-year. In fact, over 80% of American Income's total life premiums are received from policies that have been in force for over one year. Please see our first year renewal GAAP premium page under the Financial Reports and Other Financial Information in the Investors section of our website. Now the more than 11,000 independent agents who sell American Income policies offer products designed to help families make tomorrow better by working to protect their financial future. Each agency office has a structured hierarchy, whereas agents above the writing agent receive an override commission paid by the company. While there is a hierarchy, there is no pyramid scheme as the policies require customers to pay the monthly premium for the policy to continue. There is no third-party payer of premiums. It is important to note this business model has stood the test of time and is common in the industry. American Income realizes revenue and profits only when these customers pay their premiums over time. We have generated consistent growth, providing long-term value for our shareholders, with a history of integrity in our business practices and principles while providing our customers with financial protection when it matters most, as well as job opportunities for agents, small business owners and employees to build financial security. Now these agents are independent contractors and the agency offices are independent businesses. Notwithstanding their independence, Globe Life takes unethical agent conduct seriously, and has measures to detect and deter actions that are inconsistent with the company's values, including, among others, American Income has internal controls and monitoring processes in place to identify potential agent misconduct, and monitors relevant data metrics for each individual agent to identify and assess trends regarding unethical or fraudulent business practices, including data related to policy lapse and persistency. Now our annual policy count and phased amount lapse rates are disclosed in our regulatory filings and our quarterly premium in-force lapse rates are disclosed each quarter in the supplemental financial information we provided. These controls also include background checks on all prospective agents. Agents who contract with American Income must have a valid license issued by the appropriate state departments of insurance who have their own processes for determining one's suitability to be a licensed insurance agent. American Income has controls to validate the indemnity and legitimacy of the sale to the customer, including conducting quality assurance calls to verify new applications. And when complaints are raised, including complaints alleging fraud, deceit, unethical business practices or other misconducts, American Income has a dedicated group responsible for investigating these allegations. American Income has not hesitated to take disciplinary actions against agents and agency owners where warranted, including termination and notice to the appropriate regulatory bodies. Indeed, the short seller's report relies heavily on allegations by a former employee who, following an internal review, was terminated for cause based on violations of the company's policies prohibiting sexual harassment. This matter is the subject of pending litigation. The companys investigate complaints when they are received and where appropriate authorizes independent investigations. The report also contains allegations regarding bribery and kickback schemes. These claims are based on a lawsuit that was filed by an insurance licensing exam test prep company. This lawsuit was dismissed by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. American Income does not contract with or recommend any test prep companies to prospective agents, and we're not aware of any bribes or kickbacks to the company executives. Additionally, we want to make clear that the projections and guidance we will be providing on this call today incorporate our current view based on our knowledge of the business and the information we have at this time. Now with respect to our insurance operations, I'll turn the call back over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. In our life insurance operations, Premium revenue for the first quarter increased 4% from the year-ago quarter to $804 million. Life underwriting margin was $309 million, up 6% from a year ago. For the year, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.5% and 5% at the midpoint of our guidance, and life underwriting margin to grow between 7% and 7.5%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be in the range of 38% to 40%. In health insurance, premium grew 6% to $341 million, and health underwriting margin was up 3% to $94 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 7%. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow between 5% and 6%, and as a percent of premium, to be around 27% to 29%. The final tri-agency rule regarding various health plans was finalized with minimal impact to the supplemental health products we sell and, therefore, to our business. The final rule requires an additional consumer disclosure, which we will implement as required. Administrative expenses were $80 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago. As a percent of premium, administrative expenses were 7%, consistent with our expectations and compared to 6.7% a year ago. For the year, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7% of premium, higher than 2023, due primarily to continuing investments in technology as we modernize and transform how we operate. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the first quarter marketing operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First, let's discuss American Income Life. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 7% over the year-ago quarter to $414 million, and life underwriting margin was up 7% to $187 million. In the first quarter of 2024, net life sales were $97 million, which is up 17% from a year ago quarter, primarily due to growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 11,139. This is up 15% from a year ago. This is another strong quarter for American Income and builds on the growth in sales and agent count that we achieved in the third and fourth quarter of 2023. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $91 million, and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $31 million. Net life sales declined 2% to $22 million, and net health sales were $8 million, up 7% from a year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count. Now as a reminder, we report on sales after the policy has been through our quality control and underwriting processes. As we have previously discussed, we continue to make investments in technology to enhance our business. One of these investments is a new business and underwriting platform for our life business at Liberty National, which we implemented toward the end of the first quarter. As a result of this system implementation, our policy issues fee temporarily slowed down. Now I'm pleased to see that the amount of business submitted from the field to the underwriting department is up 11% from the prior-year quarter. Now I anticipate as we finalize our transition to this new system, our throughput of policies will return to historical norms. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 3,419, up 14% from a year ago. We continue to be proud of the strong agent count growth at Liberty National. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $103 million, and health underwriting margin increased 13% to $36 million. Net health sales were up 11% to $25 million and this is due to increased agent productivity enabled by our investments in technology. Average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,295, approximately flat from a year ago. Family Heritage continues to focus on agent count and middle management growth. Now lets discuss Direct to Consumer. In our Direct to Consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were flat compared to the year ago quarter at $248 million, while life underwriting margin increased 4% to $59 million. Net life sales were $29 million, down 12% from the year ago quarter. And as we have previously disclosed, this decline is primarily due to lower customer inquiries as we have reduced marketing spend on certain campaigns that did not meet our profit objectives. We will continue to focus on maximizing the underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associating with acquiring this new business. Additionally, the Direct to Consumer channel provides critical support to our agency business through brand impressions and the generation of sales leads. Now lets discuss United American General Agency. Here, the health premiums increased 7% over the year ago quarter to $142 million. Health underwriting margin at $12 million is down approximately $1 million from the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $16 million, up 7% over the year ago quarter, due to strong activity in the individual Medicare Supplement business. Now lets discuss projections. Now based on the trends that we are seeing and our experience with our business, we expect the average annual producing agent count trends for 2024 to be as follows: At Liberty National, mid-teens growth; at Family Heritage, low single-digit growth. Net life sales for 2024 are expected to be as follows: For Liberty National mid-teens growth; Direct to Consumer slightly down. Net health sales for 2024 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, mid-teens growth; Family Heritage, low double-digit growth; United American General Agency, low to mid-single-digit growth. Now based on very recent events, we are actively evaluating the impact on AILs agent count and projected sales for the remainder of the year. Now to date, we have not seen a significant impact on our agent recruiting pipeline. As the majority of our business is produced by experienced agents, any negative recruiting trends should have a muted impact on 2024 sales. In addition, it should be noted that sales in the second half of the year have a diminished impact on premium earnings, especially since over 80% of American Income Lifes premiums come from policies that have been in force for greater than one year. That said, taking into account what we know today and the knowledge of our business, at the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate average agent count growth and sales growth at AIL for the full year to be in the low single digits and mid-single digits, respectively. We acknowledge these are estimates and this agent count and sales growth could be higher or lower. The range of our earnings guidance contemplates a range of possibilities regarding sales and agent count growth, including reasonably severe scenarios. Due to the significant growth in the first quarter, our sales guidance does assume a moderation of sales for the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest was $44 million, up $15 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $283 million, up 10% or $25 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is due to the continued strong growth in average invested assets. Higher interest rates across fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and short-term investments also contributed to the higher growth rate. Required interest is up 4.8% over the year ago quarter, same as the increase in average policy liability. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow between 7% and 9% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets, especially related to our CMLs and limited partnership investments. In addition, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate required interest will grow between 5% and 5.5% for the year, resulting in growth in excess investment income of approximately 25% to 30%. Now regarding our investment yield. In the first quarter, we invested $682 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. This amount was higher than expected to take advantage of opportunities in the market. We invested at an average yield of 5.86%, an average rating of A-, and an average life of 32 years. We also invested approximately $126 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics at an average expected return of 10%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involve office properties. These investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments and they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.24%, up 6 basis points from the first quarter of 2023 and up 1 basis point from the fourth quarter. As of March 31st, the tax equivalent effective yield rate on the fixed maturity portfolio was 5.25%, including the cash yield from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership, the first quarter earned yield was 5.46%. Invested assets are $21.4 billion, including $19.5 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $19 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. On fixed maturity  investment portfolio had a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.4 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield of our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position as this is mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 47% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 51% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, real estate equities, CLOs and other asset-backed securities held by our peers. We believe that the BBB securities we acquired generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment grade bonds remained low at $542 million, compared to $596 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.8%. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year, we expect to invest approximately $1 billion to $1.2 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.6% to 5.8%, and approximately $400 million to $500 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics, at an average expected cash return of 8% to 10%. As we said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not intra-sensitive. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First, let me spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. Parent began the year with liquid assets of $48 million and ended the quarter with liquid assets of approximately $66 million, slightly higher than the $50 million to $60 million that we had historically targeted. In the first quarter, the company repurchased almost 128,000 shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of approximately $16 million at an average share price of $122.13. Thus, including shareholder dividend payments of $21 million for the quarter, the company returned approximately $37 million to shareholders during the first quarter of 2024. The amount of share repurchases during the first quarter is lower than we had anticipated, solely due to the evaluation of a potential acquisition wherein we paused share repurchases until conclusion on the acquisition was reached. We have decided not to pursue the acquisition and, as such, intend to continue repurchases as soon as possible. In addition to the liquid assets held by the Parent, the Parent Company generated excess cash flows during the first quarter and will continue to do so for the remainder of 2024. Parent Companys excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from dividends received by the Parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the Parent Companys excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $450 million to $470 million and is available to return to shareholders in the form of dividends and through share repurchases. Excess cash flows in 2024 are estimated to be higher than those in 2023, primarily due to higher statutory earnings in 2023 as compared to 2022. Including $66 million of available liquid assets at the end of the quarter, along with the $390 million to $410 million in excess cash flows we expect to generate during the remainder of 2024, the company has approximately $455 million to $475 million of liquid assets available to the Parent for the remainder of 2024, of which we anticipate distributing approximately $65 million to $70 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments. As mentioned on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. At this time, we believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other alternative investments  over other alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of Parents excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. At the midpoint of our earnings guidance, we anticipate approximately $350 million to $370 million of share repurchases for the year, with approximately one half of that occurring in the second quarter and the remainder in the third and fourth quarters. That said, current market conditions, and should they remain favorable, we will clearly consider accelerating repurchases and may consider accelerating some portion of our anticipated 2025 excess cash flows into 2024. Now with respect to our capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support ratings  current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action-level RBC in the range of 300% to 320%. At the end of 2023, our consolidated RBC ratio was 314%. At this ratio, our subsidiaries had, at that time, approximately $85 million of capital over the amount needed to meet the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. Now with regards to policy obligations for the current quarter. As we discussed on prior calls, we have included within the supplemental financial information available on our website an exhibit that details the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2023, we updated both our life and health assumptions and there have been no changes to our long-term assumptions in the period since. No assumption updates were made in the first quarter of 2024 and we intend to update life and health assumptions in the third quarter of this year. In addition to the impact of assumption changes, the remeasurement gain or loss also indicates experienced fluctuations. For the first quarter of 2024, life policy obligations were favorable when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency. The remeasurement gain related to experienced fluctuations resulted in $5 million of lower life policy obligations and $3 million of lower health policy obligations. As expected, life remeasurement gains were lower this quarter than in the first half of 2023  sorry, in the last half of 2023, which we believe is due in part to the seasonally high first quarter life claims versus the rest of the year. We continue to be encouraged by the recent short-term trends and policy obligations experienced. The range of earnings guidance encompasses the possibility of future favorable remeasurement gains through 2024. The recent experience as well as our life mortality trends in the first half of 2024 will inform the third quarter 2024 update to our endemic mortality assumptions. As we noted on our last call, our endemic mortality assumptions currently assumes returning to mortality levels slightly above pre-pandemic levels over the next few years. Recent trends, if they should continue, they indicate a quicker recovery than our current assumptions. Finally, with respect to earnings guidance for 2024. For the full year 2024, we estimate net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $11.50 to $12, representing 10.3% growth at the midpoint of our range. The $11.75 point midpoint is higher than our previous guidance and reflects recent and anticipated investment income results, in addition to a greater impact from the $350 million to $370 million of share repurchases in 2024 as discussed earlier. Those are my comments. Ill now return the call back to Matt.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments and well now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our very first question is coming from Jim Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jim Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So first, I just had a question on whats your rough idea on the timing of the WilmerHale investigation? And then whats your process going to be going forward in terms of giving investors updates? Should we assume that, once something is completed or if you get a request from a regulator, youd actually put out a filing? Or is it going to be more around scheduled earnings calls or other events?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Hi, Jimmy. The investigation from WilmerHale will be happening in the near term. And we'll be providing updates as appropriate on that. If there's any material updates that are needed, obviously, we'll put that out through some type of an 8-K filing. Otherwise, it will be more through our normal channels.
Jim Bhullar: And near term, is it like one  a quarter or so? Or is it even faster or slower? Just trying to get some sense.
Matt Darden: I think as we mentioned earlier, in respect of the ongoing activity, don't have a specific time frame on that. We're not really going to comment.
Jim Bhullar: Okay. And then in terms of the impact on your business thus far, I realize two weeks is too short of a period, but  and you're implying that sales thus far have not been affected. But are there other parts of your business that are affected where you've seen an impact either on persistency of policies or retention of agents? Or any other aspects of the business where you're  you've seen an impact short term or longer term from what's gone on over the past couple of weeks?
Matt Darden: Yes. As I've mentioned in the earlier remarks, is we're really not seeing an impact. The first place I think it would show up would be in the agent recruiting pipeline, and we're not seeing an impact there. As well as from a customer perspective, we received very limited input from that. For point of reference, we receive about 40,000 to 50,000 calls a day. And in the early days, we're receiving three, four or five calls. Recently, that trend has been zero. We also have an agent call-in line as well, and we're receiving the same thing, just minimal to now zero calls from our agent field as well on this topic.
Jim Bhullar: And the blackout on your buybacks, is that expiring or that goes away tomorrow? Or is it later on today or next week?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, it goes away just in the normal course that we're open tomorrow to be able to start buying back shares.
Jim Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Ryan Krueger calling from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning. My first question is, can you help us  can you quantify the typical amount of capital strain on your free cash flow from new business in a given year? I guess what I'm trying to understand is, I'm trying to separate the amount of in-force free cash flow you generate versus the typical new business strain. Anything you can do to help quantify that, please?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, Ryan, thanks for the question. On prior calls, I've actually given a rule of thumb kind of along those lines that, for the agency channels, we expect statutory strain of about 40% to 50% of any increase in sales. So that would work the same way as if we had a reduction in sales. So that gives you a good frame of reference for determining that.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. That's for the change in sales. But what about if you had no new sales at all? Can you give any sense of what  how much higher your free cash flow would be?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, the same rule of thumb works. So if we had no sales, basically about half of that would be an increase in excess cash flows. And the important thing to note is those would be increases in statutory earnings in the current year, which would then be excess cash flows in the following year, at the parent  to the parent, yes.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe it will be temporary, but given where your stock is currently trading and the depressed valuation multiple, would you consider looking into an in-force reinsurance transaction to monetize some portion of your existing in-force value to then lead to additional buyback capacity to take advantage of the differential in the price you may be able to get on a transaction like that versus where your stock is currently trading?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan. I think we will take a look at various options of how we might generate some financing for that or just  and see if that makes sense. That would be one of the opportunities that we would look into.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. And then just one last quick one. Can you give any sense of the mix between first year commissions versus renewal commissions that you pay on business? Just trying to size kind of how meaningful or renewal commissions or the vast majority paid in the first year.
Frank Svoboda: I do want to say, Ryan, I don't have that right off the top here. I do want to say that the majority of it is first year commissions, but I want to be careful about that.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, I'd agree. I mean I think we could look at the renewal commissions and our statutory filings to get some insight there. But I would think renewal commissions are less than 10% of renewal premiums. So that might be a good frame of reference.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now move to Wes Carmichael from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey good morning and thanks for taking my question. You talked about in your prepared remarks potentially accelerating the buyback and bringing back maybe 2025. Does that decision depend on the outcome of any review by WilmerHale or regulators?
Frank Svoboda: No. I mean for the  what we know today, we're looking at just are the timing of resources to be able to accomplish in that buyback. And obviously, we're looking at market conditions as well. And so if we have an opportunity to be buying back shares, clearly less than our book value. We believe that that's a very good answer for our shareholders and a very good return for that money. Now typically, as you know, our historic buyback methodology has been pro rata over the years. We receive our dividends from our subsidiaries. We kind of  when we get that over the course of the year, and we kind of use our CP balances to kind of help even that out, some of the timing of that, over the course of time. And so all things else being equal, we would be kind of doing that ratably throughout the remainder of 2024 as the liquidity becomes available. And so we'll be looking at just opportunities to accelerate that and depending on the timing of just being able to fund some of those.
Wes Carmichael: Got it. And I guess the press release mentioned that you were blacked out of repurchases for part of the quarter. You talked about that a little bit. But can you just confirm, was Globe the potential acquirer of something? And maybe any more color you could provide on that would be helpful.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. No, we were looking at an opportunity where we were going to be the acquirer, early in January we reached a decision where the transaction would be material enough and it's probable enough to actually happen, that we thought that we should put ourselves into a blackout period with respect to the repurchasing of our shares. As Tom noted in his comments, we're no longer considering that opportunity. Of course, during the month of April, here  during the time period prior to our call where we're not  we're in a normal blackout anyway because of knowledge  material knowledge that we have around earnings and such. So as  and then as I've mentioned to Jim, we'll be coming out of that tomorrow.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We'll move now to John Barnidge calling from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you for the opportunity and good morning. The guidance for admin expense include the cost of the WilmerHale investigation?
Frank Svoboda: I would say that the overall estimate of everything that we know today would be included in our overall guidance of what we have given.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then when you looked at the Beazley [ph] transaction a few years ago, did that cause a repurchase blackout during that period? Just trying to get some sizing of what you were looking at.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, it did. It was just a shorter period of time.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question will come from Elyse Greenspan coming from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi thanks. Good morning. My first question, I guess, is also on the potential M&A deal. Did you guys choose to walk away because you were no longer interested in the property? Or did you walk away because it was a function of where your stock price was when you made the decision?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We did end up walking away primarily as a result of the stock price of where we're at today. As we got to looking at what would be the best utilization of our funds for our shareholders and being able to give the highest and best risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders. We did make the decision that repurposing any acquisition funds, if you will, toward the purchase of our own shares would be in the best interest.
Elyse Greenspan: And then can you just remind us like some properties, I guess, that you would from an M&A perspective, find attractive? I mean, I guess, obviously, the buyback, it sounds like you guys are on hold for a while with deals. But just as we try to get a sense of maybe what you might have been looking at in the quarter?
Matt Darden: Yes. As far as M&A goes, we typically look at opportunities that are in our markets. We like the middle income market. We also like the products that we distribute in the form of the risk profile, the profitability profile of those. So basic protection life or supplemental health products. We also like an exclusive distribution or opportunities from a Direct to Consumer perspective. And so our current business model, as that's framed up, is that's the lens we look through as we think about M&A opportunities.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, maam. We'll now go to Wilma Burdis calling from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey good morning. Could you talk a little bit about what drove up the 2024 excess cash flow versus the prior guide?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. Wilma, it really was just a little bit higher statutory earnings as we finalize the earnings from 2023. We're seeing a little bit higher subsidiary dividends to the parent.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. When we just think about the timing of that, our statutory blue book for 2023 really don't get fully completed until sometime in February. So after the time that we have that first quarter call.
Tom Kalmbach: And what I'd add is I think that's consistent with the favorable mortality results that we saw in the third and fourth quarter of 2023 as well.
Wilma Burdis: Got you. And following up on an earlier question, maybe just can you talk a little bit about  you talked about bringing forward some 2025 excess cash flows. Is there any way to quantify that amount or how that could work?
Frank Svoboda: Right now, Wilma, there really isn't. We'll take a look at the situation, as we think about where the share price changes over time and just in our availability of cash flows, and we'll just have to look at that over time. And we should be able to give more update on that clearly on our next call.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will be coming from Tom Gallagher calling from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Just first, a question just on the DOJ subpoena. Curious like why there's any involvement by the DOJ here at all. Just considering I thought the domain of sales practices of life insurers was state insurance regulators, not any kind of federal body. But  any perspective on that of what's going on here? And is there a subpoena in coordination with insurance regulators? Or just  is it just stand-alone?
Matt Darden: As I've mentioned earlier, that's the subject of an ongoing matter. I'd just refer you back to what we said earlier in our prepared remarks related to our assessment of the DOJ activity and the impact thereof.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the blackout, the M&A opportunity you were looking at, would  since I guess it was material, should we have assumed that you would have been using equity to finance it? Or was it just a question of excess cash flows, uses of excess cash flows for M&A? I just want to get a sense for what the message here is on the decision to not go ahead with it.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Tom, I don't think you should make that assumption necessarily. We would be looking at just a matter of regardless of how we were looking at financing it, not necessarily with equity, it was a better use of those funds.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Gallagher. We'll now move to Bob Huang calling from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bob Huang: Hi good afternoon or good morning. Thank you for this. So my first question is regarding lapse rate. So if we look at American Income, right, the lapse rate continues to inch higher year-on-year. Understanding there are quite a bit of quarterly fluctuations. But maybe can you talk about what is driving the lapse rate moving higher this quarter versus last year's same quarter? And further, just maybe just as lapse rate has normalized higher from  since 2021 from a statutory basis, can you maybe talk about generally what are the drivers and the run rate expectation for lapse rate for American Income?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The AIL first year lapse rates, they were higher for the quarter. At this point, we don't see the uptick as anything other than fluctuations. We've had quarters in the past that have been  had lapse rates in  that were similar. In addition, kind of as you mentioned, there is some seasonality in lapse rates, in the first quarter tends to be a little higher than other quarters. On the renewal lapse rates, I think that's really a function of a change in the mix of business. As sales  as we generated more sales over the recent years, there's more business in that second, third and fourth durations, which tend to have a little bit higher lapse rates than we'd have in place for those that have been on the books for a long period of time. So I think those are the things that are impacting AIL lapse rates at this point.
Bob Huang: Okay. Got it. So it's essentially like a normal lapse rate change, not necessarily something abnormal. Got it. Thank you. So my second question, I know that a lot of people have been asking about the DOJ and it's not something that you're at liberty to discuss for most of it. But just given the current DOJ probe, given the negative headlines from the third-party distributors and previously, is there a need to maybe revisit the sales organization structure, the compliance procedures, your distributor relationship, things of that nature, in terms of how you think about risk management and compliance going forward? Is there a need for change, so to speak?
Matt Darden: As we have said, we take unethical agent conduct very seriously. We have measures that we detect and deter these actions. We also continually evaluate our controls and update those as necessary, and we're comfortable that our processes continue to function as intended. So for now, we're pleased with the processes that we have in place, the identification of issues in the field. And as I've mentioned, we have dedicated teams that research and evaluate and conduct investigations on issues as they become known.
Bob Huang: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Huang. We'll now move to Suneet Kamath coming from Jefferies. Please go ahead
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Thanks. I was wondering if you could comment a bit on the concentration of your sales in your various channels to agencies. You had mentioned the areas organization in AIL. Can you give us a sense of how much premium comes from that organization, as well as just some data on that concentration, top couple of distributors in each channel, like how much that represents?
Matt Darden: Sure. maybe first for areas, it's about 6% or so of our new production. One of the things I think is important to keep in mind is that's an organization of several hundred agents. And all of those agents are individual contractors that are contracted with us. And we have agency owners that come and go on a routine basis as just part of our normal business practices. As you might imagine, we have agency owners that retire, they pursue other interests. And as I mentioned earlier, on occasion, it's necessary for us to terminate one. So we have long business practices over our ability to transition those agents and who keep producing business for us and they're contracted with us. And so sometimes, we look at just overall the larger agencies in our larger organizations in our different agencies. Sometimes that kind of falls along the 80-20 rule. But again, those are really  sometimes they're partnerships, there's multiple agency owners involved, et cetera. And so I feel like we've got great processes in place to deal with transitions as they're necessary.
Suneet Kamath: And would that  is that  sorry, go ahead.
Tom Kalmbach: I was going to say, Matt, to add to that, that 6% is part of American Income Life sales, at about 3% overall.
Matt Darden: Yes. American Income Life's new sales.
Suneet Kamath: And when you think about that 6%, is that a big number relative to kind of the overall organization like the other distributors that you have in there? Or is that  I just want to get a sense of what that 6% feels like to you guys.
Matt Darden: It's one of our larger ones. Like I said, it kind of gets back to that 80-20 rule of the  we have over around 100 agency owners, and then more than that when we start looking at individuals involved in partnerships and the like. And so simplistically, our top 20% probably produce about 70% or 80% of our new sales. But I'll just go back to, as a reminder, those agency owners are in charge of an organization of those agents that are individually contracted with us. And those agents that are individually contracted with us stay with us over a period of time and work their way through their  our own career track.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then, I guess, I'm still a little confused on the whole remeasurement gains. It sounds like there wasn't anything here in the quarter. But are you guiding  it sounds like also you're guiding to some sort of impact with the third quarter assumption review that should be positive. If that's true, I don't know if there's any way that you could kind of size that. And is that embedded in your guidance yet or not?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The  our guidance and the range of our guidance reflects kind of our  the information that we have now and our expectations with regards to remeasurement gains or losses due to an assumption change. I think we continue to monitor the trends. And if you look back to the third quarter and fourth quarter remeasurement gains, those were fairly sizable. We had expected first quarter to be lower just because of the flu season and RSV and other things that usually lead to a little bit higher mortality in the first quarter. So those are kind of some of the inputs to how we think about assumption changes when we go into the third quarter.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. We now have a follow-up question from Jimmy Bhullar calling from JPMorgan. Please go ahead
Jim Bhullar: Hey, so just wanted to follow up on a couple of things related to your guidance. Are you assuming the lower share price for buybacks in your updated guidance as well?
Tom Kalmbach: We are. Yes. The lower share price, if I think about the $0.20 increase to our guidance, a little less than half was related to investment income, and the remainder was really driven by share price changes.
Jim Bhullar: And then the remeasurement gains, it seems clear that that's in your assumption as well. Any sort of big changes in your assumptions, the underlying assumptions as part of the annual actuarial review, are those in guidance as well or are they not?
Tom Kalmbach: They're reflected in our range, Jimmy. So again, we're making based upon what we know today and the trends, we're trying to make our best estimate as far as where we think guidance will emerge.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, it's still too early to know whether or not, of course, whether there would be any assumption change coming up in the third quarter. We're obviously, as a range, we're looking at various possibilities. I mean if we continue to have remeasurement gains and whether or not that could lead to an assumption change or not, or if we end up having some worse experience, which goes the other way, right? So all of that's embedded in the overall range.
Jim Bhullar: And then if we look at CDC data, overall population deaths, they're still running higher than pre-COVID, and some of that has to do with drug abuse and other things. They're improving, but they haven't gotten back to pre-COVID yet. Are you noticing the same in your book as well? Or is your book recently been running close to long-term pre-COVID type levels?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. I'd say it's still running a little bit higher, particularly for some causes and drug-related deaths are  continue to be elevated. Even we've seen some improvements off the peak for, say, heart disease, but it's still not back to pre-pandemic levels. Where we are seeing some significant improvements in motor vehicles and homicides seem to have come down quite a bit.
Jim Bhullar: And then just lastly, on the deal that you were talking about, was this along  I'm assuming this is along the lines of deals that you've done in the past in terms of business mix and distribution. But in terms of size, was this a lot larger than what you've done in the past? Because I don't remember you're doing sort of a multibillion dollar type deal recently, but it seems like this could have been a lot bigger. But I'm not sure if you're able to comment.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, you can't really comment about any kind of specifics. I mean, obviously, it was material enough. It was  I would just say, a little bit bigger than some of them that we've done recently.
Jim Bhullar: Okay. And I'll just ask one more. On direct response sales have been weak for a while, and part of that is just high inflation and higher postage costs. There is talk of postage costs going up further. I'm assuming that, if they do, then you'll probably see continued weak sales or an incremental impact from that, right?
Matt Darden: Yes. It's getting more muted over time as more of our sales come through the digital channel, but it does have an impact. And we do watch closely what the postage increases are planned to be and adjust accordingly. As I've mentioned, our guidance is probably slightly down for the year from a sales growth perspective. But also just keep in mind, it's very important the activity the Direct to Consumer is doing to support all of our agency sales. That would not be reflected directly in the sales attributed to the Direct to Consumer channel.
Jim Bhullar: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much sir. We have another follow-up question, this time from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead
Wilma Burdis: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the follow up. Just a quick one. I think Tom asked earlier about the DOJ investigation. From everything I kind of read, it seems like it could be related to the EEOC and the investigation to the sexual harassment claims. Is that  am way off mark there or?
Matt Darden: Yes. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, is the subpoena sought documents related to sales practices by certain licensed insurance agents in the areas organization who were contracted to sell American Income policies.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Got you. And then the other one, you guys talked a little bit about the percentage of premiums from policies that have been in force for more than one year. Have you noticed any trends in that figure over time or has it been pretty stable?
Frank Svoboda: Really been pretty stable. I mean you look at the data, and I would point your attention to the data that we did put on the supplemental financial information on the website. And so we've got 10 years' worth of data out there for both Globe Lifes and then  as a whole, and then American Income, and it's a 10 years breakdown between renewal and first year premium on those as well. So and I just think that really shows the stable nature of our business. As I continue to go through and look and I think about our business, if you go back three, five, 10 years and look at our in-force business, it has grown over 5% in each of those periods. And I think if you look at 15 years  this is on our life business. And if you go back 15 years, it's probably just a little bit under 5%. And our earned premiums are growing basically at that same rate as well. And you kind of look at that schedule and you look at the renewal premium versus the first year premium and it's pretty consistent. So it is  it's just really showing a very stable, consistent growth. And that, as Matt mentioned in his comments, turns into stable, consistent growth of cash premium collections, of which, at least at American Income, over 95% of those are collected on a monthly basis. And it's a little bit less than that on a total Globe Life basis. But again, that's consistent cash flow that we've talked about over the years, many years on, is the strong, stable support for our operations and our statutory operations where we generate over $1 billion of operating cash flows year in and year out. So the trends on those are pretty consistent over time.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We'll now go back to Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead
Tom Gallagher: Just a follow-up on something you mentioned on the investment new money yield side, when you said the 8% to 10% expected returns on some alternative-type strategies. Can you just clarify how much money were you expecting to invest in those? And what types of asset classes are you looking to expand into again?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. That's about $400 million to $500 million is what we would anticipate in spending in non-fixed maturities investments during the year. And what that is, is really it's a three year commercial  transitional commercial mortgage loans. And then there's LP strategies, about half of which are in commercial  some of those are in commercial mortgage loans as well as other  that have more  they have underlying debt-like characteristics, whether it be infrastructure or other types of debt strategies within them. So it's probably not quite, relatively close to half and half with respect to those.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. So infrastructure and transitional real estate are the main two categories?
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Tom Gallagher: And just out of curiosity, I presume there's a higher C1 charges. And if you're looking to [indiscernible] capital and improve free cash flow, isn't that going to be somewhat of a drag, obviously, not for this year's free cash flow, but for next year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So on the commercial mortgage loans, that's not the case. Now if they are in the LP structure, you do end up with a little higher RBC. Obviously, we're taking that into account as we look  we talk a lot about having a risk-adjusted and capital-adjusted returns. So when we look at these investments that are getting put on schedule BA and having a little RBC charge, we make  we look at that and make sure that we're getting that as an appropriate lift, if you will, to pay for that additional capital.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Frank Svoboda: And I will just clarify, there's some piece of that. Infrastructure is one of them, there's also just straight credit LPs, we're looking just at some private credit strategies. And keep in mind, all of these are managed by outside, and we're partnering with JPMorgan, Goldman, PIMCO, Ares, MetLife. So we have had several different partners that are helping to  we're investing these through.
Tom Gallagher: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks very much Mr. Gallagher. We have another follow-up question, this time from Wes Carmichael of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead
Wes Carmichael: Yes. Thanks for taking my follow up. Just one on American Income. I think you said the midpoint of your guidance on agent count and sales growth, is low to mid-single digits. And I think that's a slowdown from what you're expecting last quarter. And I guess I'm just curious, is that slowdown you're anticipating from negative press or litigation? And are you actually seeing that show up yet?
Matt Darden: Like I mentioned earlier, we're really not seeing it in our recruiting pipeline, which I think is where it'd show up first. So we just revised down slightly to low single-digit growth on the agent count side and mid-single-digit growth on the sales side. And just again, it's too early to tell, but we're really not hearing much from the field related to any sort of disruption or concerns. So just trying to be cognizant of what's out there and it's early days.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's question-answer session. I turn the call back over to Stephen Mota for any additional or closing remarks. Thank you.
Stephen Mota: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning, these are our comments, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. We thank you for your attendance. You may now disconnect. Have a good day, and goodbye.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Globe Life Incs Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Release. My name is Melissa, and I will be your operator for todays call. Please note, this conference is being recorded. And for the duration of the call, your lines will be in a listen-only mode. However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Ill now turn the call over to Stephen Mota, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2022 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussions of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $275 million, or $2.88 per share, compared to $242 million, or $2.46 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $267 million, or $2.80 per share, an increase of 10% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through December 31st is 23.2%, and book value per share is $47.10. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, return on equity is 14.7%, and book value per share as of December 31st is $76.21, up 11% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the fourth quarter increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $795 million. Life underwriting margin was $305 million, also up 4% from a year ago. In 2024, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.5% and 5% at the midpoint of our guidance and life underwriting margin to grow between 7% and 7.5%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be in the range of 38% to 40%. In health insurance, premium grew 3% to $336 million, and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $97 million. In 2024, we expect health premium revenue to grow 7% to 8%. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year 2024, we expect health underwriting margin to grow between 5% and 6%, and as a percent of premium to be around 27% to 29%. Administrative expenses were $77 million for the quarter, down 1% from a year ago, primarily due to a decline in pension and other employee-related costs. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.8% compared to 7.2% from the year ago quarter. For the year, administrative expenses were 6.8% of premium compared to 6.9% a year ago. In 2024, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7% of premium, higher than 2023 due primarily to continuing investments in technology as we modernize and transform how we operate. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $406 million, and life underwriting margin was up 5% to $183 million. In the fourth quarter of 2023, net life sales were $76 million, up 9% from a year ago, primarily due to growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 11,131, up 20% from a year ago. American Income has had sequential agent growth each quarter of 2023, but accelerated in the last half of the year to double-digit growth, which bodes well for sales growth in 2024. I am pleased to see the strong growth in agent count and sales as we continue to build momentum from the recruiting and agent retention initiatives put in place at the end of 2022. Now at Liberty National, life premiums were up 8% over the year ago quarter to $90 million, and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $31 million. The growth in life premium reflects the significant progress this agency has made over the past several years, going from no growth in life premiums in 2016 and just 2% annual growth through 2019 to where we are today. Net life sales grew 12% to $26 million, and net health sales were $9 million, up 9% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 3,387, which is up 15% from a year ago. Liberty continues to generate strong growth in both agent count and sales due in part to the new technology implemented over the past few years, which has provided more granular field activity feedback and allowed agents to track their sales activity and training progress. Now Family Heritage, Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $102 million, and health underwriting margin increased 12% to $36 million. Net health sales grew 12% to $25 million due to increased productivity and higher agent counts during 2023. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,368, which is up 3% from a year ago. For the full year 2023, the average producing agent count increased 10% from a year ago. Family Heritage will continue to focus on recruiting, with additional emphasis on middle management growth. Now on to Direct to Consumer, in our Direct to Consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were flat compared to the year ago quarter at $247 million, while life underwriting margin declined 2% to $59 million due to increased acquisition cost. Net life sales were $26 million, which is down 16% from the year ago quarter, primarily due to declines in customer inquiries. As we have reduced marketing spend on certain campaigns that did not meet our profit objectives, we continue to focus on maximizing the underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring this new business. In addition to generating new business at profitable margins, the Direct to Consumer channel provides critical support to our agency business through brand impressions and the generation of sales lease. On to United American General Agency, here the health premiums were flat compared to the year ago quarter at $139 million. Health underwriting margin was $14 million, down approximately $3 million from the year ago quarter due to both higher policy obligations and acquisition cost. Net health sales were $28 million, which is up 40% over the year ago quarter due to strong activity both in the individual and group Medicare Supplement businesses. Projections, let me talk about where we are headed based on the trends that we are seeing and the experience with our business. We expect the average producing agent count trends for the full year 2024 to be as follows: at American Income Life, high single-digit growth; in Liberty National, low double-digit growth; at Family Heritage, low double-digit growth. Net life sales for the full year 2024 are expected to be as follows: American Income Life, low double-digit growth; also at Liberty National, low double-digit growth; and Direct to Consumer, relatively flat. Net health sales for the full year 2024 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, low double-digit growth; also at Family Heritage, low double-digit growth; United American General Agency, low to mid-single-digit growth. Now before turning the call back over to Frank, Id like to discuss one additional item. During 2023, an online publication posted articles related to litigation pending in arbitration against American Income Life and one of its state general agents. Although we generally do not comment on pending litigation and will not be taking any questions on the topic today, wed like to provide the following limited statement. This litigation relates to allegations made by former independent contractor sales agent with American Income. In 2021, prior to the litigation and as soon as American Income became aware of the agents allegations, the company engaged an external third party to conduct an impartial and thorough investigation. American Income took prompt and appropriate action based on that investigation. We continue to vigorously dispute and defend against the allegations made about American Income Life in this litigation. And we do not believe the litigation will be material to Globe Lifes overall results or American Income Lifes agency operations. We take seriously any allegations brought to our attention concerning harassment, inappropriate conduct or unethical business practices, and we do not tolerate such behavior. American Income Life provides numerous ways for sales agents to raise concerns, including contacting the companys agency department directly or utilizing an independent third-party reporting hotline. We have processes in place to address such concerns when we learn of them. We also provide mandatory anti-harassment and antidiscrimination training to agents and provide and ask agents to review the companys Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which includes information about how to report concerns. I want to emphasize that at Globe Life, we strive to act in accordance with the highest level of ethics and integrity at all levels of our organization. Ill now turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. Well now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest, was $36 million, up $5 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $272 million, up 6% or $16 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is due primarily to growth in average invested assets, but also supplemented by the impact from higher interest rates across fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and short-term investments. Required interest is up nearly 5% over the year ago quarter, slightly higher than the 4.5% growth in average policy liabilities. For the full year 2024, we expect net investment income to grow between 5% and 6% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets. In addition, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate required interest will grow around 5% for the year, resulting in growth in excess investment income of approximately 10% to 12%. Now regarding our investment yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $443 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 6.61%, an average rating of BBB+ and an average life of 23 years. We also invested approximately $114 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics at an average expected cash return of 8%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involved office properties. These investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments, and they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.23%, up 5 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2022 and up 4 basis points from the third quarter. As of December 31, the portfolio yield was also 5.23%. Now regarding our investment portfolio. Invested assets are $20.7 billion, including $18.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.4 billion are investment-grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1 billion due to current market rates being higher than the average book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position and is mostly interest rate-driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 48% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 51% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, common equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities held by our peers. Additionally, unlike many other insurance companies, we do not have any exposure to direct real estate equity investments or private equities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment-grade bonds remained low at $530 million compared to $542 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.8%. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2024, we expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.5% and approximately $440 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics and an average estimated cash yield of approximately 8.2%. As we said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not interest sensitive. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First, let me spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The Parent began the year with liquid assets of $91 million and ended the year with liquid assets of approximately $48 million. In the fourth quarter, the company repurchased approximately 660,000 shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of $77 million. The average share price for these repurchases was $117.02. For the full year, we purchased 3.4 million shares for a total cost of $380 million at an average share price of $112.84. Including shareholder dividend payments of $84 million, the company returned approximately $164 million to shareholders during 2023. In addition to liquid assets held by the Parent, the Parent company will generate excess cash flows during 2024. The Parent companys excess cash flows, as we define it, results primarily for the dividends received by the Parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the Parent companys excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $420 million to $460 million and is available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends and through share repurchases. Excess cash flows in 2024 are estimated to be higher than those in 2023, primarily due to anticipated higher statutory earnings in 2023 as compared to 2022, thus providing higher dividends to the Parent in 2024 than were received in 2023. The reason for this anticipated increase is due primarily to favorable life claims, which are sufficient to offset approximately $50 million of realized losses in 2023. So, using the $48 million of liquid assets plus the $420 million to $460 million of excess cash flows expected to be generated in 2024. We anticipate having approximately $470 million to $510 million of liquid assets available to the Parent in 2024, of which we anticipate distributing approximately $85 million to $90 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments. As mentioned on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other alternatives  other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of Parents excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the Parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to generate new sales, transform and modernize our information technology and other operational capabilities, as well as acquire new long duration assets to fund their future cash needs. The remaining amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program in 2024. In our earnings guidance, we estimate approximately $330 million to $370 million of share repurchases will occur during the year. With regards to the capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. As discussed on previous calls, our consolidated RBC ratio was 321% at the end of 2022. For 2023, since our statutory financial statements are not yet finalized, our consolidated RBC ratio is not yet known. However, we anticipate the final 2023 RBC ratio will be slightly above the middle of our targeted range without any additional capital contributions being made. Now, with regards to policy obligations for the current quarter, as we have discussed on previous calls, we have included the historical operating summary under results  under LDTI for each of the quarters in 2023 and 2022 within the supplemental financial information available on our website. In addition, we include an exhibit that details the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. As also noted on previous calls, life and health assumption changes were made in the third quarter of 2023. No assumption changes were made in the fourth quarter. In addition to the impact of assumption changes, the remeasurement gain or loss also indicates experience fluctuations. For the fourth quarter, life policy obligations were favorable when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency. The remeasurement gain related to experience fluctuations resulted in $13 million of lower life policy obligations and $4 million of lower health policy obligations, primarily a result of favorable claims experience versus expected. For the full year, encompassing both assumption changes and experience related fluctuations, the remeasurement gain for the life segment resulted in $29 million of lower life policy obligations and $12 million of lower health policy obligations. This is the second quarter in a row with life remeasurement gains greater than $10 million. We are encouraged by this short-term trend and to the extent it continues, we would expect continued favorable remeasurement gains in 2024. The recent experience as well as life mortality trends in the first half of 2024 will inform the third quarter 2024 update to our endemic mortality assumptions. Recall our endemic mortality assumption currently assumes returning to mortality levels slightly above pre-pandemic levels over the next few years. Recent trends, if they should continue may indicate a quicker recovery than our current assumption. So finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2024, for the full year 2024, we estimate net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $11.30 to $11.80 representing 8.5% growth at the mid-point of the range. The $11.55 mid-point is higher than our previous guidance and reflects recent favorable mortality trends continuing in 2024. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Matt.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So, first, just on the remeasurement gains, whats your policy in terms of when you see actual experience? Are you reflecting the entire variance in remeasurement gains in the given quarter or only a portion of it in any given quarter on the experience related gains and losses.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, reflect the full difference between what we had expected in our valuation assumptions versus what we actually incurred from claims and lapse experience in the quarter that it occurs.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, but then youre not unlocking any assumptions. That just happens when you do your annual review.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Our plan is to unlock assumptions in the third quarter. So, for instance, weve seen two quarters of good experience, mortality experience in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Wed like to see the development of that fourth quarter experience as it moves into 2024. And then wed also like to see that continue in the first half of 2024 before we make a decision to inform our updates to our underlying assumptions.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the health business, a few health insurers have seen significant uptick in claims and med advantage plans, and theyre raising prices as a result. Doesnt seem like youve seen at least not as much of an uptick in med sup claims, but what is it that youve seen and do you expect any impact on med sup sales because of potential disenrollments from med advantage plans?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Just from a claims experience on med sup, we have seen some increased trend over the course of 2023 in both our individual and our group business, but more so on the group side. And then that subsided a little bit later in the year. Weve reflected those trends into our rate projections or rate increases for 2024. So we contain them out of that regularly. And actually, whatever trend were seeing will build into rates for the following year.
Tom Kalmbach: And then, Jimmy, I think your second question was related to sales, as weve mentioned in the past, as the Medicare Advantage plans, and you saw people moving into that had a little bit of impact on us. So from a 2024 sales perspective, to the extent that there is more disenrollment or as youd mentioned, youre seeing some trends out there from the cost side is costs might be increased by competitors offering those plans. I think that could be a tailwind for us for our supplemental product. Our goal is really to keep steady in that market, and we see competitive pressures coming and going over a long period of time. So our goal is really to keep steady in price for what we ultimately want to achieve and kind of ride out some of the short-term fluctuations from market dislocation.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thanks. And if I could just ask one more. Theres been a lot of confusion about the Tri-Agency rule on limited benefit health plans. Are any of your products in scope of that and do you expect any impact on your business if the rule isnt changed from the initial proposal?
Tom Kalmbach: Well, the Tri-Agency rule, the primary target was short duration health plans, right? So we dont have any of those products in our portfolio. It did also bring in some supplemental health plans that we do sell. But theres been quite a bit of reaction to that Tri-Agency rule, and its been comments from a broad spectrum of constituents, whether that be unions, employers, companies themselves. So were really waiting to see what actually happens within that ruling. Were expecting something to come out in April. And at the end of the day, well make the changes that we need to make depending upon what comes out in that rule. But we dont see it as having a very significant impact overall to our marketing efforts.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you very much. I see you updated your commercial real estate disclosures. Could you maybe talk about your outlook for 2024 maturities?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. For 2024, we have about $70 million of our total direct commercial mortgage loans. Maturing of that is about $4 million of office buildings, and then we have about $35 million of mixed use, of which about $12 million is office. So if you kind of think the hotspot, of course, right now is what kind of office exposure is maturing here this next year. And so in total, between those two, we do have about $16 million of whats maturing on average, its below a 50% LTV and then have over a 90% LTV on any that weve looked at. And about  about $47 million, $50 million of those do have some continuing optional extensions. So its a good portion of those could get extended on into 2025 or beyond.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. My follow-up question. What does the outlook assume around the rate environment? Can you talk about sensitivity to the short end or floaters? Thank you.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Sensitivity on the rates of this particular asset class?
John Barnidge: No, Im just talking generally within the outlook for net investment income.
Frank Svoboda: Okay. Yes, were taking  over the course of 2024, we kind of see basically the benchmark, we kind of rely mostly on 30 year. Its kind of our benchmark. And so I see that being relatively stable, but probably drifting downward over the course of the year. But right now, as you know, the spreads are extremely tight. Currently, we do expect that to expand a little bit over the course of the year as well. And so built into our guidance, were expecting for our fixed maturities to be around 5.5%. Its a little bit lower than we had in 2023. Its largely due to the declines in the spread. If you look at 2023, our benchmark was just a little bit over on average over the course of the year, a little over 4%, but we were getting nearly 200 basis point spreads on those investments. Its really tightened up here during the fourth quarter. So, we dont expect that higher spread continuing at this point in time, at least into 2024.
John Barnidge: Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. First question was on American Income. I think if I look at the full year average producing agents that  for 2023, it was up 12%. But sales were up 2%. And just curious what the disconnect there was? Is it first year agent needing to be trained to become more productive, or something else going on?
Matt Darden: Yes. And I think 1 of the things to look at is just really the agent count growth accelerated in the last half of the year. So if you just kind of look at that over a sequential basis, Q1 was 3.5%. Q2 is 8.5% and then Q3 was 15% [ph] 16% and 20% in Q4 from a growth perspective. So the agent count growth really accelerated in the last half of the year, which bodes very well from a 2024 perspective. So usually, as weve talked about in the past, there will be a little bit of a lag from those new agents getting onboarded, trained and productive. Our more experienced agents are more productive than newer agents. And so that should carry forward into 2024 as we thought about our sales guidance. So we generally look at that as a little bit of a timing lag. One of the things, if you look over a long period of time, if you look at agent count is directly related to sales count growth when you start looking at it on a  or a year or a multiyear basis. Our  as an example, generally across all our agencies, our five-year CAGR is within 1% of each other, our agent count growth and our sales growth. So we really think about it on a long-term basis. Of course, we talk about it on a quarterly basis here on the calls, but Im very bullish on where I think 2024 is going to come out for American Income.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then I had that question on mortality. And I dont know if you look at it this way, but maybe stepping back and trying to remove LDTI from the equation. How does mortality look relative to where it did pre-pandemic at this point in 2023? Im just trying to get a sense of  is mortality fully back to kind of where it was before the pandemic for the company, even though the population is still seeing some excess mortality?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. So in the first half of the year, mortality was quite a bit higher. The remeasurement gains were quite a bit lower than we saw in the second half of the year. So there really does seem to be kind of a change thats happened in the third and fourth quarter. And kind of looking at the third quarter, its coming much closer to pre-pandemic mortality levels. And similarly with the fourth quarter, we would want to see the fourth quarter develop more fully to  takes a little bit of time for all the claims to get adjudicated and paid from that period. So wed like to see those claims develop and continue, actually into Q1 and Q2 to make sure that its sustainable. But at this point, Id say its getting fairly close to pre pandemic levels, so that excess mortality seems to have dropped much more quickly than what our assumptions had anticipated.
Frank Svoboda: One thing I would add to that is that I think were generally pleased, clearly, with what we were seeing here in the third and fourth quarters. And as Tom said, it was a little bit higher, or it was definitely higher early in the year. But were seeing that improvement across all the distributions. And then as we look into it, we really are seeing it across all the issue years. So its a little bit, kind of a broad based improvement overall in the mortality, which we think that is favorable. And as Tom said, we clearly want to see how that kind of plays itself out here over the next couple of quarters and see if it continues in that fashion or if it was just a fluctuation that weve had here at the end of the year. So well see how that turns out.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Yes, thanks. You talked about an acceleration in recruiting in the second half of 2023. I guess as we think about 2024, is the plan to kind of keep the foot on the gas pedal there or maybe shift and focus a little bit more on productivity?
Matt Darden: Id say it would be more of a shift toward, were still not going to take our foot off the gas from a recruiting perspective. But a lot of when we have such a significant growth is really focus on getting those agents in trained in retention. And then productivity is kind of a natural byproduct of the fact that they are better  have more training, theyve been there longer, have more experience. So our focus is really on the retention and training that results in the higher productivity. And so just considering weve had this accelerated growth over the last half of the year, thats our real focus. The other thing Im really pleased to see is our agent retention trends have been continuing to move up throughout 2023. And in fact, in American Income, our agent retention trends are higher than 2019 from a pre pandemic level. Obviously, there were some disconnects during the pandemic, so we kind of look at it where we were in 2019 and prior. And Im very happy to see that the retention efforts that weve put in place at American Income are coming through in the stats that were seeing. And those retention numbers are going up across all our different vintages from a hiring perspective. So I think thats going to bode very well for 2024 performance as well.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then it looks like, I think based on your comments, the RBC ratio is going to be in your range, maybe slightly above the midpoint. Is there a level of liquid assets at the holding company that you just want to keep as sort of a buffer, just as we think about excess capital?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, we tend to keep 50 million to 60 million is our kind of target range for liquid assets at the parent company.
Suneet Kamath: Okay. Got it. May if I could just sneak one more in. It looks like you took up your 2024 EPS outlook a little bit. Can you just unpack some of the drivers? It doesnt seem like its investment income, but just curious, what caused that bump up?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. No, the biggest driver is continued remeasurement gains in our Life segments is just what weve seen in Q3 and Q4. What weve tried to do, reflect in the guidance range is to reflect what we see as potential continuation of those remeasurement gains as well as the potential impact of assumption change in 2024.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Thats embedded in your outlook already.
Tom Kalmbach: It is embedded in our outlook, yes.
Suneet Kamath: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wilma Burdis with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hey, good morning. Could you talk a little bit more about whats driving the high sales guides in the Health segment? I know youve had very strong agent count growth, but is there any tailwind in the market or anything thats attractive about the market right now?
Matt Darden: Well, on Family Heritage for sure, its driven based on agent count. We rolled out a CRM system in 2023. So that helped on the productivity side. Overall, Family Heritage included all of our exclusive agencies. We see continued positive momentum on the recruiting side. So were anticipating good recruiting growth in 2024. Dont see anything in the market out there that would suggest we should have different experience there. And then on the med supp side, that is kind of market forces. Clearly, we had a very good, very strong Q4 and what was nice to see is that was both on the individual side and the group side. A lot of times, those group sales can be lumpy, but that was very strong in Q4, but our individual med supp sales as well. And so thats what Ive mentioned earlier, depending on pricing and market changes out there thats a highly price competitive market, the Medicare supplement sales. We could see some additional tailwinds depending on what others in that marketplace do. Again, our course is kind of steady with our pricing targets and objectives and sometimes were the beneficiary of that to the extent other folks get back to profitability and adjust pricing accordingly.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you. And then a follow-up on Suneets question. You mentioned that the higher guide includes some of the life mortality coming through. Should we think about that being weighted towards the back end because youll review it in 3Q? Or how should we think about that coming through throughout the year? Thank you.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The remeasurement gains would continue in first quarter and second quarter. And to the extent that we make an assumption update, that would be in the third quarter. In the first quarter, usually mortality is a little bit higher just because of seasonal flu. And so we may see it a little  we would expect a little bit higher mortality in that first quarter. I mean the other thing is we still expect to see COVID deaths. So COVID is still out there. We expect that wed see 60,000 to 80,000 U.S. deaths in the U.S. next year. So thats still a factor as well. But I think you should expect to see, if trends continue, remeasurement gains in the first quarter and second quarter. Well revisit the assumptions and reset those in the third quarter. And fourth quarter remeasurement will probably be a little bit lighter.
Wilma Burdis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. Just a follow-up on Wilmas question on the remeasurement gains. So if I heard you correctly, 38% to 40% margin guide on life and in 4Q when you had big remeasurement gains that was at 38%. So it looks like its a little bit above that at least midpoint in terms of where its been trending. Is that  is that because youve deferred part of them and youre going to be getting the benefit through the amortization of those gains through earnings in 2024? Or at least some piece of that? So is it really just the deferred profitability thats emerging here that youre guiding to? Or are you assuming the remeasurement gains themselves actually get a little better or underlying experience gets a little better?
Frank Svoboda: I would say, Tom, that you think about, as you say, its kind of at the midpoint of that, right? We had in the fourth quarter of 2022, which is kind of where you would have said at that point in time, we had about a 38% margin in the overall for the life in the fourth quarter. That was kind of the expectations if you will, of where that  where that would have been  what we would have expected from a margin on a long-term basis. And so we had a little higher expenses, and remember we had a little higher expense, we talked about having higher amortization on our overall life business as we continue to capitalize and amortize renewal commissions. And so that was a little bit of a drag in 2023, and that was really offset with some of the favorable remeasurement gains that we saw in 2023. So we saw a little bit  less than a 0.5% increase, if you will, in that overall margin between 2023  and between 2022 and 2023. So I think what were anticipating from remeasurement gains and just improvement in that overall mortality is what youre seeing in that expectation for that margin, that margin improvement in 2024. So thats whats really driving that. So were still going to end up having a little bit higher amortization. Weve talked about  well probably have between 0% to 0.5% increase in our amortization expense over the course of the next few years as we continue to capitalize and amortize those renewal commissions, especially at American Income. And then that the higher margins really representing that better mortality, which is really going to manifest itself in the combination of both remeasurement gains over the course of the year.
Tom Gallagher: Thats helpful. So a little bit of less expense drag when you think  which has maybe obscured the level of favorability due to the underwriting?
Frank Svoboda: Thats correct.
Tom Gallagher: Now I just want to make sure Im thinking about it correctly, though. In a year like 2023, where you had  particularly the back half where you had significant favorability of remeasurement gains, theres some piece of that  of the experience that is getting deferred and then amortized back through earnings, I believe. Is that meaningful? And will that like meaningfully improve future earnings at all? Or is that not that meaningful because it gets amortized over such a long period of time?
Tom Kalmbach: It really is spread out over a long period of time. So its that spreading out over time is reflected in the obligation ratio and the percent of premium that we need to set aside to pay for future benefits. So its spread out over quite a long period of time. Yes.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. And then just one more, if I could. The  so when I look at the dividends and share repo guidance for 2024, $440 million at the midpoint. That  if I just solve for a free cash flow conversion ratio, its only about 40% to 45% of your updated GAAP EPS guidance. And I recognize a company like Globe thats growing faster than average in the industry is going to have a good amount of capital consumed on writing new business. But the 40% to 45% is just way below the industry average. And curious if youve thought about exploring ways to improve that conversion ratio at all? Or is that just something because of the intensity of the commission and the life insurance business, youre just willing to live with?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Tom. I mean that is something that were really taking a look at as to making sure that we understand what are those differences that were seeing between our GAAP earnings and then the statutory earnings that are clearly driving that cash flow conversion. What portion of that is related to the growth that were seeing in our agency businesses, right? Because thats a good portion of where we see those drags as we continue  if theyre having 10% to 15% growth years, thats a really good thing for the long term, but we need to make sure that we can articulate what that means from a cash flow conversion perspective as well as  as we continue to make investments in our technology stack and in improving, making those investments thats setting us up for the future, what that really entails. But we are also then taking a look at are there ways that we can manage that a little bit better in order to  wed like to get to where were probably closer to a 60% conversion rate. And not sure if we can  what that would really take to get there, but its something that we want to take a look at and make sure  we have had  in addition, we had the drag of the  of the defaults and the capital losses that we had in 2023. So thats a drag here, a little bit on a cash flow conversion in 2024. And so well see where  if we get past some of those headwinds, what that really looks like on a go-forward basis.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. As we have no further questions, Id like to turn the call back over to Stephen Mota for any closing remarks.
Stephen Mota: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments. We will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. That concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Globe Life Incorporated Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note this conference is being recorded and for duration of the call your lines will be on listen-only. However, you have the opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Stephen Mota, Senior Director, Investor Relations, to begin todays conference. Thank you.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today, Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release 2022 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thank you Stephen and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $257 million, or $2.68 per share, compared to $191 million, or $1.94 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $260 million, or $2.71 per share, an increase of 24% from a year ago. The strong growth in net income and net operating income is due in part to the re-measurement loss taken in the year-ago quarter due to the unlocking of assumptions under LDTI. Tom will discuss this further in his comments. On a GAAP-reported basis, return on equity through September 30th is 22.6% and book value per share is $48.51. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, return on equity is 14.7% and book value per share as of September 30th is $74.31, up 11% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the third quarter increased 4% from the year-ago quarter to $788 million. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 3.5% to 4%. Life underwriting margin was $300 million, up 21% from a year ago. The increase in life underwriting margin was due in part to a re-measurement gain recognized this quarter due to improved claims experience versus a re-measurement loss taken in the year-ago quarter. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect life underwriting margin for the full year to grow a little over 5% and as a percent of premium to be approximately 38%. In health insurance, premium grew 3% to $331 million and health underwriting margin was down 4% to $97 million due in part to a re-measurement gain recognized in the third quarter of 2022 that was greater than what was recognized in the current quarter. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 3%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect health underwriting margin to be relatively flat and as a percent of premium to be around 29%. Administrative expenses were $75 million for the quarter, down 1% from a year ago, primarily due to a decrease in pension and other employee related costs. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7% compared to 7% a year ago. For the full year 2023, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 6.8% of premium in line with our previous expectations. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the third quarter of marketing operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First, Im going to start with American Income Life. Here, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $400 million and the life underwriting margin was up 8% to $181 million. In the third quarter of 2023, net life sales were $81 million, which is up 6% from the year ago quarter, primarily due to growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 10,993, up 16% from the year ago quarter and up 5% from the second quarter. I am encouraged to see the growth in agent count in sales. Were seeing positive results from the recruiting and sales initiatives put in place at the end of last year. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $88 million and life underwriting margin was up 39% to $27 million. Net life sales increased 31% to $24 million and net health sales were $9 million, which is up 19% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increase in agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 3,339, up 20% from the year ago quarter. Liberty continues to generate positive momentum through strong recruiting and agency leadership growth. Ongoing implementation of new technology over the past few years has enabled agency leadership to more effectively monitor and manage agent activity. Now Family Heritage. Here the health premiums increased 8% over the year ago quarter to $100 million, while the health underwriting margin declined 3% to $36 million. Net health sales were up 15% to $25 million due to increased agent count and productivity. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,323, up 7% from the year ago quarter. Moving forward, this agency will continue to focus on recruiting with additional initiatives to incentivize agency middle management growth, which will lead to growth in new offices and agent count. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $248 million and life underwriting margin increased 86% to $63 million due to lower policy obligations. Net life sales were $26 million, down 8% from the year ago quarter, primarily due to declines in direct mail and insert media activity. While we will continue our efforts to grow direct-to-consumer sales activity, our primary focus will be maximizing the underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring this new business. In addition to the ability to produce new business at a healthy margin, the direct-to-consumer division provides significant support in the form of brand impressions and sales leads to our agencies that is critical to the strong growth they are seeing. At United American General Agency, here the health premiums increased 2% over the year ago quarter to $137 million. Health underwriting margin of $15 million, or 11% of premium, is flat from the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $16 million, up 20% over the year ago quarter, due to a 6% increase in individual Medicare supplement sales and increased activity at Globe Life benefits. Onto projections, now based on the trends that we are seeing and our experience with our business, we expect that average producing agent count trends for the full year 2023 to be as follows. At American Income Life, an increase of around 12%, at Liberty National, an increase of around 18%, at Family Heritage, an increase of around 11%. Net life sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows. American Income Life, we anticipate approximately 15% growth in the fourth quarter, which will result in full year growth of approximately 4%; Liberty National, an increase of around 23%; and direct-to-consumer, a decrease of around 5%. Net health sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows. Liberty National, an increase of around 17%; Family Heritage, an increase of around 18%; and United American General Agency, an increase of around 20%. Now for 2024, at the midpoint of our 2024 guidance, we expect sales growth for the full year of 2024 to be as follows. For life sales, American Income, high single digit, Liberty National, mid-teens growth, and direct-to-consumer, relatively flat, as we continue to focus on profitability. For health sales, we expect Liberty National to have mid-teens growth, Family Heritage low double digit growth, and United American General Agency low single digit growth. Ill now turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest, was $34 million, up from $10 million from the year-ago quarter. Net investment income was $267 million, up 8%, or $20 million from the year-ago quarter due to higher yields on fixed maturities and short-term investments, and an increase in floating interest rates on our commercial mortgage loans, including those held in limited partnerships. Required interest is up 5% over the year-ago quarter, in line with the increase in net policy liabilities. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow approximately 7% due to the combination of the favorable rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets, and expect excess investment income to grow approximately $25 million. Now regarding our investment yield. In the third quarter, we invested $427 million in investment-grade maturities, primarily in the municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 6.15%, an average rating of A+, and an average life of 27 years, taking advantage of opportunities in the municipal sector to obtain higher yield, as well as higher quality. We also invested approximately $100 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.19%, up 2 basis points from the third quarter of 2022, and up 1 basis point from the second quarter. As of September 30th, the portfolio yield was 5.23%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $20.7 billion, including $18.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.4 billion are investment-grade with an average rating of A minus. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as a year ago. As a reminder, we have information on our website regarding our banking and commercial loan investments. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $2.6 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position and is mostly interest-rate driven. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB are 48% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 52% from the year-ago quarter. While this ratio is the lowest it has been in over 10 years, it is high relative to our peers. However, keep in mind that we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets, such as derivatives, common equities, residential mortgages, CLOs, and other asset-backed securities held by our peers. Additionally, unlike many other insurance companies, we do not have any exposure to direct real estate investments or private equities. We believe that BBB securities that we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below-investment grade bonds are $493 million compared to $543 million a year ago. The percentage of below-investment grade bonds to total fixed maturities is only 2.6%. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year 2023, we expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.9% and approximately $310 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics, at an average yield of approximately 8.3%. Also at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect the average yield earned on the fixed maturity portfolio to be around 5.19% for the full year 2023 and slightly higher at approximately 5.23% for the full year 2024. With respect to our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships, we anticipate the yield impacting net investment income to be in the range of 7.1% to 7.2% for both 2023 and 2024. As we said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits, since they are not interest sensitive. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First, let me spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The Parent began the year with liquid assets of $91 million and ended the third quarter with liquid assets of approximately $69 million. In the third quarter, the company repurchased approximately 755,000 shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of $84 million. The average share price for these repurchases was $111.52. To date, the fourth quarter, we have purchased 165,000 shares for a total cost of $18 million at an average share price of $108.36 resulting in repurchases year-to-date of 2.9 million shares for a total cost of $321 million at an average share price of $111.63. In addition to the liquid assets held by the Parent, the Parent Company generated excess cash flows during the third quarter and will continue to do so for the remainder of 2023. The Parent Companys excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the Parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the Parent Companys excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $425 million and available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends and through share repurchases. As previously noted, we had approximately $69 million of liquid assets at the end of the quarter, slightly above the $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets we have historically targeted. In addition to the $69 million of liquid assets, we expect to generate $35 million to $40 million of excess cash flows in the fourth quarter of 2023, providing us with approximately $90 million of assets available to the Parent for the remainder of 2023 after taking into consideration the approximately $18 million of share repurchases to date in the fourth quarter. We anticipate distributing approximately $21 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments for the remainder of 2023. Excuse me. As mentioned on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of the Parents excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the Parent Company from our insurance operations and after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to generate new sales, expand and modernize our information technology and other operational capabilities as well as to acquire new, long-duration assets to fund their future cash needs. The remaining amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program for 2023. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate approximately $465 million will be returned to shareholders in 2023, including approximately $380 million through share repurchases. Now with regards to capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. As discussed on previous calls, our consolidated RBC ratio was 321% at the end of 2022. In light of credit losses incurred to date, we anticipate our overall year-end RBC ratio to be at the midpoint of our range or approximately 310%. At this point, we do not anticipate any significant credit losses or downgrades for the remainder of the year. But to the extent any do occur, we are well positioned to address any capital needed by our insurance subsidiaries to maintain RBC levels at the midpoint of our range. Now with regards to policy obligations for the current quarter. As we have discussed on prior calls, we have included the historical operating summary results under LDTI for each of the quarters in 2022 within the supplemental financial information available on our website. In addition, we included an exhibit that details the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. The total remeasurement gain of $19 million for the quarter reflects both current period fluctuations in experience from expected and the impact of assumption changes made in the quarter. Also, as noted on prior calls, life and health assumption changes were made in the third quarter of 2022 with an expectation of higher mortality in the Life segment and more favorable claim trends in the Health segment. In the third quarter of 23, we again updated those, both our life and health assumptions, lapse, mortality and morbidity. And as we expected, the overall impact on third quarter results was not significant with a combined decrease in total life and health obligations of approximately $3 million. The life assumption changes increased life obligations by approximately $2 million in the quarter, while health assumption changes decreased health obligations by approximately $5 million In addition to the assumption changes, the remeasurement gain or loss also indicates experience fluctuations. For the third quarter, life policy obligations were favorable when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency. The remeasurement gain related to experience fluctuations for the Life segment resulted in $13 million of lower life policy obligations and $3 million of lower health policy obligations, primarily as a result of favorable claim experience versus expected. Now with regards to earnings guidance for 2023, we are projecting net operating income per diluted share will be in the range of $10.49 to $10.65 and for the year ending December 31, 2023. The $10.50 midpoint of our guidance is $0.10 higher than what we had indicated last quarter, largely due to favorable policy obligations in the third quarter. Our guidance anticipated  our guidance anticipates the continuation of recent favorable short-term trends, although at a lower level than the third quarter. For the full year 2023, we anticipate life underwriting margins to be approximately 38% of premium and health underwriting margins to be approximately 29% of premium. Total acquisition cost, including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs as well as nondeferred acquisition costs and commissions are expected to be 21% of premium, which is consistent with the third quarter. Now with regards to 2024 guidance, for the full year 2024, we estimate net operating earnings per diluted share will be in the range of $11 to $11.60, representing 7% growth at the midpoint of the range. We anticipate life and health underwriting income to grow consistent with premium growth with life and health underwriting margins as a percentage of premium to fall within the same ranges as 2023 or about 39% for life and 28% to 30% for health. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate life premiums growing at approximately 5% and health premiums growing at around 7%. In addition, higher interest rates are expected to favorably impact excess investment income as we anticipate it to increase 7% to 9% at the midpoint of our guidance. Although 2023 results are not final for the year, at this time, we anticipate Parent excess cash flows available to return to shareholders in 2024 will be a little over $400 million, slightly lower than 2023 due in part to the impact of 2023 statutory income and realized losses and the cost of agency sales growth offsetting the benefits from favorable mortality trends and higher investment yields. Finally, let me comment on the merger announcement of Evry Health. Earlier in the month, we announced entering into a merger agreement with Evry Health, a small, regional health care company locally focused in the major urban areas of Texas. Evry is a start-up with a technology focus to provide outstanding customer experience and results in positive health outcomes. We previously had made a small investment in Evry and recently had the opportunity to acquire the whole company. We believe full ownership will allow Evry to grow, but more importantly, allow us to directly assess how we can utilize Evrys technology to enhance Globes customer experience and service offerings. We do not expect Evry to have a significant impact on 2023 or 2024 results. Those are my comments. Ill now turn it back to Mota.
Stephen Mota: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments, and we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Wes Carmichael from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, good morning. I just had a question on mortality trends and what youre seeing. So, for 2024, it sounded like the life underwriting margin is expected to be kind of the same as 2023. But I think when 2023 guidance came out, you had some expectation for COVID-related mortality. So, just wondering what youre seeing in terms of your expectation for [indiscernible]
Frank Svoboda: Sure. So, were continuing to see excess mortality even in the third quarter. What I would say is the third quarter was quite favorable and favorable at direct-to-consumer. So, I think really, we just want to see those trends continue before we would make any adjustment to our excess mortality assumptions. And if you recall, I did indicate on an earlier call that we do expect excess mortality to drop in 2024. So that is reflected in our guidance.
Operator: Please stay connected while we try to reach out to our speakers. Please go ahead with your question and answer.
Frank Svoboda: Im sorry, is there a question? Wes, did you get your question answered?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Maybe before I ask the question, I just wanted to clarify on your assumption embedded  assumption for mortality embedded in your 2024 guidance, I think, you mentioned that youre assuming an improvement in excess mortality, but  I am assuming youre still assuming some level of excess debt beyond what used to be the case pre-pandemic, or are you not?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Thats correct. I mean, we still expect some excess mortality in 2024, and thats all reflected in our assumptions that are included in guidance.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the  I had a couple of other questions. On sales and direct response, I would have  and youve been clear that youre reducing marketing spending and thats actually holding back your sales. Are you continuing to increase  reduce marketing spending more and more incrementally because sales are now going to be down like three years in a row? And I would have thought that at some point theyd stabilize. They might not grow, but they wouldnt keep declining. So whats driving the ongoing decline off of fairly easy comps?
Matt Darden: Yes. I would say one of the things youd have to look at is we had significant increases in sales during the pandemic year, so in 2020  last half of 2020 and 2021, and so part of the sales declines in the last year or so have been really getting back to pre-pandemic levels off of those unusual highs during the pandemic. So our sales are really anticipated to be relatively flat to where we were from a pre-pandemic perspective. And as I had mentioned in the prepared remarks, were reducing that marketing spend to make sure that it meets our profit targets and margin objectives on the new business that were selling. And we just as weve talked about on the prior calls, have that inflationary pressure, particularly related to postage and paper costs. Weve had significant increases in postage. We had over 10% increase in postage costs during 2023. That was following 2022. In the summer, there was a 7% increase. And so just really trying to pare back to make sure that those sales are consistent with what our profit expectations are. And then as I mentioned, from a 2024 perspective, were anticipating essentially flat sales and focused on profit margins. So we anticipate that leveling out here over the next year or so.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then if I think about lapses on an year-over-year basis, direct response is increasing a little bit or increased a little bit this quarter. The agency channels actually improved. So do you have any thoughts on whats driving that, and are you seeing any sort of affordability issues, or is inflation affecting disposable income and intention of people to hold on to the policies that they might have bought?
Tom Kalmbach: Jimmy, at DTC, I think we just feel like lapse rates for the quarter there are really just fluctuations. We do have some seasonality. Theres generally enough taking lapses in the third quarter. But at this point, nothing to indicate anything else. So really, we just believe its fluctuations at this point.
Matt Darden: And were also seeing, I would say, just from an inflationary pressure perspective, were seeing our premium per policy actually increasing, which is kind of an offset of were not seeing that inflationary pressure from a sales side. Our productivity, for the most part, on a per agent per sale basis is also across the Board. So again, were just really not seeing that inflationary pressure from a sales side. And I agree with Tom I think some of the lapse experience is really just a fluctuation, not a trend.
Tom Kalmbach: I think the good thing about DTC renewal lapses is theyre very stable, right? And so were pleased to see that stability in those lapse rates.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from a line of Wilma Burdis from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Wilma Burdis from Raymond James, please go ahead with your question.
Wilma Burdis: Okay. Good morning. You guys have been talking this year about how a key driver of strong agent count growth across the three channels has been the focus on growing the middle management. Could you quantify or provide more details on the middle management growth in each of the channels?
Matt Darden: Sure. At American income year-to-date, our middle management count is up 20%. Thats accelerated here over the last half of the year. We anticipate ending around 10% to 15% in middle management count growth for the full year 2023. Liberty National also had strong middle management count growth. Its up 9% on a year-to-date basis and anticipate ending the year around 9% or 10% as well. Family Heritage is about flat from a middle management count growth, but they had acceleration in that middle management growth in 2022 with 9% growth. We anticipate ending the year around a 2% to 4% middle management count growth. And we take those assumptions and really the trends that were seeing as a reminder, strong recruiting is that first level agent and then it takes a period of time to get into the middle management. So thats in our assumptions for the sales guidance that we issued for 2024 of just looking at that agent count growth and how that translates into middle management count growth over a period of time.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I had a couple of questions on the 2024 guidance. Just I think a couple items you kind of provided were admin expense expectations as well as the buyback expectation in your 2024 guidance.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan, with respect to admin expenses, we do see those probably ticking up just a little bit as a percentage of premium maybe getting closer to 7% for the year. Were seeing continued investments in our IT operations, plus we have some additional depreciation from some projects that were in place and then were seeing probably a higher expectations around some postage increases for the year that are probably driving as a percentage up a little faster than what were seeing in premium growth with respect to that. Yes. So with the lower excess cash flow as well as lower excess liquid assets at the parent, because were just slightly above that $50 million to $60 million that we target. Wed expect the amount available to shareholders would be lower in 2024 than what was in 2023. And the year is not final, so we dont have our final statutory for the year, but wed expect repurchase to be in the range of $325 million to $350 million.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then just how much is the $400 million of free cash flow, how much is that being depressed by things like credit losses and excess mortality that has occurred in 2024? Just trying to think about what that would be, I guess, when you roll forward a year to a more normalized level.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Its not the only thing, but its about $50 million for the credit losses. And then weve had quite strong sales growth in the year, that adds a little bit of strain as well. So its really kind of those two factors.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just if I could sneak in one last one, I just wanted to clarify on mortality. I guess am I reading this correctly that youre still seeing some level of excess mortality, but its better than the excess mortality that you had assumed in your projections this year?
Tom Kalmbach: It is better than  so yes, yes on both accounts. We are still seeing excess mortality. Good thing is weve seen deaths from cancer and heart and circulatory disorders come down a bit. Those are still higher than where we had seen them historically, so theyre still elevated. And the second part of your question was on the  what was the second part there?
Ryan Krueger: I was just saying that you have already assumed excess mortality in the near-term in your cash flow assumption. So youre seeing excess mortality, but its not as bad as what you had already assumed. Is that right?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. Thats correct. And you can see that in the re-measurement gains to the extent that we have lower obligations due to fluctuations, thats indicative of favorable mortality or lapse experience. And so you can see that kind of historically. And then if you backed out the assumption changes that were made in the third quarter 2022 and 2023, you can see that were coming in a little bit favorable from what our underlying assumptions are.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks a lot.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. One of the things I would just add to that, Ryan is that like Tom said, so we are seeing the actual experience coming in a little bit lower than those of the expectations. Theyre still running a little bit elevated as Tom indicated, but we are seeing some positive trends in like in that, just like what we thought. But we  I kind of think about those fluctuations the way weve always had fluctuations, its just that difference between assumptions and that actual experience really hasnt had a change so far in our long-term expectations and thats whats really driving the assumption changes. So even though were seeing some positives in the near-term, we really want to, and I think Tom mentioned this, we really want to see some of that stick around for a while longer before we start to think is there really anything different that we need to think about with respect to the long-term assumptions.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from a line of Maxwell Fritscher from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Maxwell Fritscher: Hi, good morning. Im calling in for Mark Hughes. A similar question was asked last quarter, but I just wanted to get your updated broad outlook on recruiting with agent count being up in all channels and the labor market still being tight.
Matt Darden: Yes. What we historically have seen and continue to see with this economic cycle is that we are able to recruit strongly in these type of environments, and I think thats shown in 2023. And we anticipate that momentum carrying forward in 2024. As a reminder, were not recruiting individuals that are unemployed. Were really recruiting people that are looking for a different and better opportunity, particularly an entrepreneurial opportunity. And inflation actually can be helped to us in that fact is that we provide an opportunity where folks are more in control of their income based on their activity and output. And so they have an opportunity to make more money than maybe a fixed income job that theyre currently in. So we see strong recruiting growth associated with that. The other thing that we see is people want an opportunity to have flexibility. And as you see more and more companies announcing return to the office and some of those type of scenarios, were seeing more people being attracted to the flexible opportunity that we provide in that more entrepreneurial opportunity. And I just point to, we go back and look at how have we performed during other economic cycles. American Income, as an example had double-digit growth in 2002, 2008 and 2009 also had double-digit growth. And so during those economic cycles, we typically see very strong recruiting growth, which translates into the strong sales growth. So anticipate that moving forward into 2024 as well.
Maxwell Fritscher: Thank you. And sorry if I missed it, but did you guide to a full year 2024 agent count number?
Matt Darden: No. We typically dont do that on this particular call. We really want to see how the fourth quarter comes out because that agent count trend and the momentum that we have in the fourth quarter really determines how the rest of the year shakes up. So we generally discuss that on our next call.
Maxwell Fritscher: Okay. Thats all I have. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. I wanted to circle back on the experience gains in life insurance. I must be doing something wrong when Im calculating this because at least the way Im trying to understand this, it looks to me like your mortality experience is favorable, probably as good, if not better than pre-pandemic levels. But just so if you could help correct the math here or at least explain the proper way to think about it, if I followed the logic on the experience gains in mortality for the quarter, I would have gotten $3 million negative for the assumption review for life, which would mean the $11 million gains would have been $14 million of experience gains. Is that  am I thinking about that part of it correctly?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. It was $2 million for life. So it would be $13 million of favorable experience in the third quarter for life.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then is the way  is the $13 million representative of around 30% of the experience and then 70% gets capitalized and amortized? Is that still a proper way to think about the smoothing aspect to this or no?
Tom Kalmbach: No. That is a smooth number. So thats 1.7% impact as a percent of premium to the obligation ratio. And what Id say is third quarter was very favorable from a mortality perspective across each of the distribution channels. So thats something were keeping an eye on to see if that continues or not, or whether it was just some timing. But yes, it wasnt favorable quarter from a mortality perspective.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. So Im not misunderstanding that if I just isolated Q3 and I looked at the claims experience, this to me looks like the best quarter youve had, I dont know, in three or four years. Is that fair?
Tom Kalmbach: And if you look back to, I mean, its relatively assumptions that we have underlying it, but if you look back to like second quarter, the re-measurement gain on life was favorable by $2.4 million. That seems more normal to me. So thats why third quarter was particularly favorable. And in the first quarter of 2023, it was $2.6 million. So again, really indicative of a third quarter thats quite favorable.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And again, not to get too in the weeds on this, but am I thinking about it correctly? If I was to say, what was the actual experience? Would I  would it be around $45 million of favorability on the total claims, but the majority of that gets smoothed? Or like, is that the gross claim number that would be favorable that I should be thinking about here?
Tom Kalmbach: Thats a lot along the lines of our rule of thumb, right, which is we said 25% of volatility comes through, but theres quite a bit of, it really  theres quite a bit of really, it depends on where that experience emerged as far as what the impact is in the quarter. So thats a rule of thumb, but I think theres devil in the details as we dig deeper into that. So I wouldnt jump to that conclusion.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. All right. Yes. So suffice to say though, if you had a repeat of this quarter for a while, then there would be probably some consideration giving to changing future assumptions.
Tom Kalmbach: Agreed.
Tom Gallagher: Okay.
Tom Kalmbach: And I think that thats right. Thats where youd want to look and say, what is that long-term trend, you see in that many quarters in a row, and that would really be more indicative of something in the  that were  that the assumptions arent quite in line.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. All right. Thanks for the help.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Wes Carmichael from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, good morning. And sorry, I guess I got disconnected earlier, but I wanted to kind of still follow-up on the mortality trend question and Im serious. And to Toms point to it was a good quarter favorable, but what do you  what are you thinking for 2024 in terms of assuming excess mortality? Is that just informed by the pandemic or are you expecting COVID deaths going forward or any other cause of death that you might be able to help us with in your expectation?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The excess death assumption that we have that underlies our assumptions grade off over time, over the next few years. So in 2024, we expect excess mortality to grade off be lower than this was in 2023 to be lower in 2024. And then again, wed expect to be a little bit lower in 2025 as well. So we are kind of underlying thought here is that its just going to take some time to go back to more normal mortality levels.
Wes Carmichael: Got it.
Frank Svoboda: And then what I would  so that if our  if actual experience ends up being as Tom said that, you have that basic assumption thats underlying our 2024 projections. And if actual experience does continue to be more favorable than that, then that is what will pop out then in those future quarters in revaluation gains. And again, to keep it in a little bit of perspective, keep in mind that, our life obligations are between $300 million and $400 million on a quarterly basis. So youre looking at  if were looking at $2 million, $3 million of fluctuation in a particular quarter, thats not a real high level of difference between those expectations.
Wes Carmichael: Understood. And then a different question, but to the extent, and I know you dont really expect this, but to the extent you see any additional credit losses or ratings drift, would you let the RBC ratio fall below your 300% low end, or would you expect to kind of temper the buyback program to kind of maintain the capital themselves?
Tom Kalmbach: We would not let it drop below 300%. That would not be our plan. We would probably use some short-term financing to shore up capital levels at the subsidiaries.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I would say that, you think of it at that point in time, if we were  we would make the commitment to maintaining that minimum level of RBC, but then we would think of it as a financing transaction at that point in time. How do we finance that? Whats our best way of doing that? We would look to alternative sources, more cheaper sources, if you would rather than the buybacks. And those would be our first line sourcing. And only if we werent able to find alternative sources, we then do know that we have the buybacks available to us, so were not concerned on our ability to do so. But we would seek to use other sources of financing before using the buyback.
Wes Carmichael: Got it. And maybe on the financing topic, any updates to your expectation for issuing debt? I think you said, previously you might do $300 million or maybe a little bit more in 2024.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. I havent really solidified or around an amount, but again, would confirm wed probably do at least $300 million to be index eligible. And well just continue to look at market environments and when the best time to do that is.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from a line of Suneet Kamath from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. So just going back to the last quarter, I think you guys talked about a stress test of $25 million to $50 million of potential credit losses. I dont recall hearing an update there, so I just wanted to see if there was one. And then somewhat related to, I think, Wes question, what are you building in for potential investment losses as we think about 2024?
Frank Svoboda: So I would say, well, both of those, with respect to the stress testing, no real material change to our thoughts around that. Weve  we have updated that. We always do kind of a bottom-up approach with respect to what we think potential downgrades would be. Overall, we feel really good about where the portfolio is. Weve had seven straight quarters of net upgrades in the portfolio, and weve positioned it pretty well to where, of course, we have potentials for downgrades and would expect if in fact, theres some economic downturns, some downgrades and at least the potential for some defaults. But right now in our base case for 2024, we dont anticipate any defaults with respect to that. Now, if we have any anticipate that there could be some overall net downgrades, but those would be in our expectations around capital and capital requirements and feel comfortable with our ability to manage that. It doesnt really have an impact, if you will on the earnings guidance for 2024.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then just you may have mentioned this, and I may have missed it. What are you assuming for just interest rates for next year? Obviously, you have a investment income assumption built into your guidance, but are you assuming kind of current forward curve or what sort of if you could just unpack that a little bit?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. For 2024, we basically take a look at the Bloomberg survey of economists and where they are projecting both bench and overall index rates for, we tend to look at that BBB, BBB+, kind of space, if you will, and around looking at 30-year figure that our overall maturities are probably in that 25 to 30-year range. We do see that. They generally are predicting it to decrease over the course of 2024. Most of that, in the second half of the year and on average, we are anticipating our expectation on average about 5.7% for the year.
Suneet Kamath: Thats your new money rate?
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Suneet Kamath: Yes. Got it. And then just one last one if I could. Just given the strong recruiting that you guys have done, do you have a rule of thumb around what percentage of life sales and then health sales come from new recruits? I think you may have said that in the past, but I just wanted to ask.
Matt Darden: Yes. Its a significant portion. It depends on theres fluctuations in this, so youre right. Its kind of a rule of thumb, but it can generally be 30% or 40% or more of our new sales come from those agents that have been recruited in the first year. And if you remember, our business model is recruit agents, and then they start moving into those middle management ranks, and then their time is split between sales and recruiting, training, and onboarding new agents. And so thats why a lot of our sales are driven from those first year agents because the middle management count or that middle management growth is driving more of activity around recruiting, training, and development of those new agents.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. So Ill hand you back to Stephen Mota to conclude todays conference.
Stephen Mota: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays call. You may now disconnect your lines. Hosts, please stay connected and await further instructions.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Globe Life Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For the duration of the call, your lines will be in listen-only. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand you over to Stephen Mota, Senior Director Investor Relations.
Stephen Mota : Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release 2022 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank. 
Frank Svoboda: Thank you Stephen, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $215 million, or $2.24 per share, compared to $224 million, or $2.26 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $251 million, or $2.61 per share, an increase of 3% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 22.4% and book value per share is $41.44. Excluding Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, or AOCI return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share of $72.09, up 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the second quarter increased 3% from the year ago quarter to $782 million. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4%. Life underwriting margin was $296 million in the second quarter, down 1% from a year ago. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect life underwriting margin for the full year to grow around 5%, and as a percent of premium to be in the range of 37% to 39%. In health insurance, premium grew 3% to $329 million, and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $92 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 3%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect health underwriting margin to be relatively flat and as a percent of premium to be in the range of 28% to 30%. Administrative expenses were $75 million for the quarter, up 2% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.8% same as the year ago quarter. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up approximately 3% and be around 6.9% of premium. Higher labor and IT costs are expected to be largely offset by a decline in pension-related employee benefit costs. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations. 
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First American Income Life, where life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $395 million and life underwriting margin was up 2% to $180 million. In the second quarter of 2023, net life sales were $82 million, down 4% from a year ago quarter. However, as a reminder we produced very strong sales in the first half of 2022 and with AIL posting sales growth of 16% for the second quarter of 2022. This makes for a tough quarter-over-quarter comparable. However, I see good momentum with this division and I anticipate strong sales growth in the latter half of this year. The average producing count for the second quarter was $10,488, up 8% from the year ago quarter, and up 8% from the first quarter. While sales declined from the year ago quarter, we have seen sequential growth in average producing agent count over the past two quarters, and I am excited to see the continued momentum in recruiting as agent count growth is a driver of future sales growth. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $87 million and life underwriting margin was up 2% to $28 million. Net life sales increased 21% to $23 million and net health sales were up $8 million, which is up 18% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 3,180, which is up 17% from the year ago quarter. Liberty National continues to produce strong sales and recruiting activities. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $98 million and health underwriting margin increased 14% to $33 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher premiums and improved claim experience. Net health sales were up 19% to $23 million, primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,345, up 15% from the year ago quarter. The ongoing emphasis on recruiting continues to generate strong growth in this division. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $249 million, while life underwriting margin declined 8% to $56 million. The decrease in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher policy obligations and acquisition expenses. Net life sales were $32 million, down 3% from the year ago quarter primarily due to declines in direct mail and insert media activity. However, electronic sales grew over 4% from the year ago quarter. Electronic sales continue to be an important part of our direct-to-consumer division as the electronic channel currently represents approximately 70% of new sales. And this channel has grown at an approximate 6% compounded annual growth rate since 2019. On to United American General Agency where health premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $137 million. Health underwriting margin was $15 million or 11% of premium, down from 12% from the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $13 million up 4% compared to the year ago quarter. Now on to projections. Based on the trends that we are seeing in our experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for the full year 2023 to be as follows; at American Income Life, low double-digit growth; at Liberty National, mid-teens growth; at Family Heritage, low double-digit growth. Net life sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows; American Income Life, low single-digit growth; Liberty National, mid-teens growth; direct-to-consumer, slightly down to relatively flat. Net health sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows; Liberty National, mid-teens growth; Family Heritage, low double-digit growth; and United American General Agency, mid-single-digit growth. I'll now turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which for 2023 we define as net investment income less only required interest on policy liabilities was $31 million, up $7 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $261 million, up 7% or $16 million from the year ago quarter due to higher yield on fixed maturities and short-term investments. And an increase in floating interest rates on our commercial mortgage loans, including mortgage loans and limited partnerships. I would point out here that while we benefit from the higher floating rates on the commercial loans these investments do have rate floors that mitigate the impact of a decline in rates. Required interest as adjusted to reflect the impact from the adoption of LDTI is up 4% over the year ago quarter, in line with the increase in net policy liabilities. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow approximately 6% as a result of the favorable rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets and expect excess investment income to grow in the range of $11 million to $12 million. Now regarding our investment yield. In the second quarter, we invested $359 million in investment-grade fixed maturities primarily in the municipal and industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.75% and an average rating of AA minus and an average life of 24 years taking advantage of opportunities in the municipal sector to obtain higher yield as well as higher quality. We also invested $39 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yields and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio the second quarter yield was 5.18% up two basis points from the second quarter of 2022 and flat from the first quarter. As of June 30 the portfolio yield was 5.21%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $20.3 billion, including $18.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.1 billion are investment grade with an average rating of B minus. Overall the total portfolio is rated A minus same as a year ago. As a reminder we have information on our website regarding our banking and commercial mortgage loan investments. As we mentioned previously during our first quarter earnings call, we took a $30 million after-tax provision for credit loss early in the second quarter as a result of the default of First Republic Bank. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.6 billion due to current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position as it is primarily interest rate driven. We have the intent and more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB are 49% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 53% from the year ago quarter. This is the lowest this ratio has been in over 10 years. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market it is high relative to our peers. However, keep in mind, that we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, common equities , residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Additionally unlike many other insurance companies we do not have any exposure to direct real estate equity investments or private equities.  We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment-grade bonds are $496 million compared to $585 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to fixed maturities is 2.7%. This is as low as this ratio has been in more than 20 years. In addition below investment-grade bonds plus bonds rated BBB are 52% of fixed maturities the lowest ratio it has been in over 15 years. Overall, we believe we are well-positioned not only to withstand a market downturn, but also to be opportunistic and purchase higher-yielding securities in such a scenario. Because we primarily invest long a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We have performed stress tests under multiple scenarios on both our fixed maturity portfolio and our commercial mortgages held directly and through limited partnerships. Tom will address the potential capital implications of these stress tests in his comments. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year we expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.7% and approximately $325 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics and an average yield of 7.5% to 8.5%. As we've said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not intrasensitive. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity. 
Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $91 million and ended the second quarter with liquid assets of approximately $74 million. In the second quarter the company repurchased approximately 780,000 shares of Global Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of $84 million. The average share price for these repurchases was $107.26, and to date in the third quarter we've purchased 133,000 shares for a total cost of $15 million at an average share price of $111.01 resulting in repurchases year-to-date of 2.1 million shares for a total cost of $234 million at an average share price of $111.88. In addition to the liquid assets held by the parent, the parent company generated excess cash flows during the second quarter and will continue to do so through the second half of 2023. Parent company's excess cash flow as we define it, primarily results from dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $420 million to $440 million and will be available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends through share repurchases. As noted in previous calls, this amount is higher than 2022. As previously noted, we had approximately $74 million of liquid assets at the end of the quarter as compared to the $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets we have historically targeted. In addition to the $74 million of liquid assets, we expect to generate $140 million to $160 million of excess cash flows for the second half of 2023 providing us with approximately $200 million to $220 million of assets available to the parent for the remainder of 2023 and this is after taking into consideration the approximately $15 million of share repurchases to date in the third quarter. We anticipate distributing approximately $40 million to $45 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments for the remainder of 2023. As noted in previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of parent's excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to generate new sales, expand and modernize our information technology and other operational capabilities as well as to acquire new long-duration assets to fund future cash needs. The remaining amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program in 2023. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $370 million and $390 million of share repurchases will occur during the year. With regard to capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At the end of 2022, our consolidated RBC ratio was 321%. At this RBC ratio, our subsidiaries had at that time approximately $125 million of capital over the amount required to meet the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. When adjusted for credit losses on fixed maturities incurred in the first half of the year, the RBC ratio has reduced slightly below the midpoint of our targeted RBC range of 300% to 320%. We are well positioned to address any additional capital needed by our insurance subsidiaries due to potential downgrades and additional defaults that may occur due to the recession or other economic factors. As Frank mentioned, we routinely perform stress tests on our investment portfolio under multiple scenarios. Under these stress tests, we anticipate various levels of downgrades and defaults in our fixed maturity portfolio and include a provision for losses in our CML portfolio that reflect loss ratios in excess of those of the Federal Reserve's severely adverse scenario. Under our scenarios, we do not anticipate that all of the downgrades defaults and losses in our investment portfolio would occur in 2023, but rather anticipate they would emerge over an extended period of time, which could be as long as 24 months. Even if these losses under our internal stresses occurred before the end of the year, we estimate only $25 million to $50 million of additional capital would be needed to maintain the low-end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. The parent company has sufficient resources of liquidity to fund this capital, if it is needed to maintain our consolidated RBC ratio within our target range while continuing our dividend and share repurchase program as planned. With regards to policy obligations in the second quarter, as we've discussed on prior calls, we have included the historical operating summary results under LDTI for each of the quarters in 2022 within the supplemental financial information available on our website. In the third quarter of 2022, we updated both our life and health assumptions lapse mortality and morbidity. The life assumption updates reflected our current estimates of continued excess mortality particularly in the near term. For the second quarter, life obligations were slightly favorable when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency. This resulted in a life remeasurement gain for the quarter. The supplemental financial information available on our website provides an exhibit which shows the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. The remeasurement gain or loss shows the current period fluctuations in experience from those expected and the impact of assumption changes if any, which are allocated to the current quarter and past periods. In the absence of assumption changes, the remeasurement gain or loss is indicative of experience fluctuations. The remeasurement gain for the Life segment resulted in $24 million lower life policy obligations and $2.6 million lower health policy obligations. 
Mike Majors: $2.4 million. 
Tom Kalmbach: Sorry, $2.4 million lower life policy obligations and $2.6 million lower health policy obligations on slightly lower claims than anticipated. And in the second quarter, we had no changes to long-term assumptions. We are currently in the process of finalizing our review of long-term assumptions and we'll make updates if needed in the third quarter. We do not expect these updates to be significant overall. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2023, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $10.37 to $10.57 per diluted common share for the year ending December 31, 2023. The $10.47 midpoint of our guidance is higher than what we had indicated last quarter and is largely due to higher investment income from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments. For the full year 2023, we anticipate life underwriting margins to be in the range of 37% to 39%, slightly higher than the 2022 life underwriting margin percentage when restated for the full year. Life underwriting margins helped underwriting margins to be in the range of 28% to 30%. The Life and Health anticipated underwriting margins are unchanged from last quarter's guidance. We believe the year-to-date obligation ratios are indicative of emerging policy obligations over the remainder of the year. As previously noted, we will be reviewing assumptions and anticipate making updates next quarter. Again, we do not expect these updates to be significant overall. Total acquisition costs in the second quarter as a percent of premium are 21% including both amortization and non-deferred acquisition costs and commissions. We expect the full year to be consistent with this 21%. Those are my comments. I will now turn it over to Matt. 
Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments and we will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from Wes Carmichael from Wells Fargo.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, good morning or good afternoon. I had a clarification question on your comments on the investment portfolio. In the fixed maturity portfolio, I think the allowance for credit losses went up about $40 million in the quarter. Is that related to the losses on First Republic? I just want to make sure that that's not being driven by something else?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. No that's exactly what that is. It was about on a gross basis about $39.6 million worth of loss on First Republic. 
Wesley Carmichael: Got it. Thanks. And just a follow-up. Do you have any updated plans regarding issuing new long-term senior debt to pay off the term loan for April? I'm just wondering what you're thinking kind of in terms of size of new debt issuance. 
Tom Kalmbach: Yeah. We'd actually consider doing that our thoughts right now are to consider doing that in 2024. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. And I think Wesley we do take a look at that. Clearly, we have the term loan out there for the $170 million and we'll have to consider what the size of that might be and we will definitely consider whether that needs to be $300 million issue or something larger to just make it index eligible, but we'll see what kind of the needs are at that point in time.
Wesley Carmichael: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question first on the direct channel. So I guess your comments on sales for the agency channels are fairly optimistic given the growth in the agent count. But in the direct channel should we assume that as long as inflation is high that sales are going to be weak because I think you've cited sort of reduced marketing spending and also just lower disposable income and a high inflationary environment as reasons for why sales have been weak there? 
Matt Darden: Yeah. On the Direct to Consumer channel it is subject to inflationary pressures particularly on the marketing and distribution side. As we've noted in the past and we continue to note the reduction in our I'll call it traditional channels from mail and print media perspective we are continuing to reduce that circulation based upon the cost that we're incurring to market in that channel. And that is being offset by growth in our digital channel. As I noted in the comments our growth in the digital channel is up 4%. So we've got a couple of competing factors going on there. But that is really, we're focused on just making sure that we maintain our target margins in that distribution and to the extent that certain marketing campaigns, particularly on the print side don't meet those profit objectives than we are scaling back in that area. I would say just to add on to that related to just inflationary pressure from a consumer perspective the sales are actually up on a per policy basis. So the premium per policy is actually -- so we're really not seeing a deterioration from consumer demand perspective related to inflationary pressure it's really on the marketing side. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then you saw a significant increase in the agent count across all of your channels. I would have assumed that with the sort of tight labor market it would be a tougher recruiting environment because you had an easy time recruiting when things were bad. But what's really driving that? And what's your outlook if conditions remain the way they are for the next year?
Matt Darden: Yes. What's really driving that is just some things that we've put in place really focused on growing our middle management count, putting more tools in the hands of our agent, managers and agency owners to be able to get better line of sight into activity, and so there's just been a strong growth as we've grown that middle management count who are responsible in many ways for that new agent recruiting onboarding and training. So the growth is as you've noted we're very pleased with that in all three channels. and think that will continue. Don't really see headwinds at this point. It depends on which economists you believe but it looks like there's predictions for the labor market potentially cooling a little bit. If that's the case that's generally been an additional tailwind for us in the recruiting area. So we're very pleased with the things that we've put in place and believe the growth is driven more by our activity than the overall economic or market. And I think indicative of that is if you look at just some of the industry trends from an agent count growth that we believe we're outpacing that. So we're very pleased with the results that we're getting.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, just one thing, I'd add on to that really quick just to remember, that we recruit to a new opportunity a better opportunity. So, we've never really been one that's trying to take advantage of those in the unemployment markets and that type of thing. And while loosening of the labor market might be a little bit of a tailwind, we're able to recruit in all markets because again, we've really recruited to a better opportunity and there's still plenty of folks out there looking for a better opportunity. 
Matt Darden: And one thing, I would add to that is, some of the feedback that we're hearing from the field is one of the dynamics that is going on out there, is the return to work from an office perspective. Our opportunity is a flexible opportunity. It's much more entrepreneurial in nature and we seem to be attracting, additional individuals that are looking for that ability to manage their own schedule, and have an opportunistic approach to grow their income in an entrepreneurial manner. So, I think that's a dynamic that's going on out there, that's more influential of our particular experience than really the labor market or that being tight. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And just lastly, on you've had elevated investment losses through the first couple of quarters. Should we assume that there's going to be a commensurate impact of that on free cash flow next year, or are there any offsets there that income won't be impacted to the same extent as yet.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. It's a little early right now for us to give clear guidance on what we believe excess cash flow to be next year. But just as we think about it, we think it'd be kind of in a similar range of where excess cash flow was this year, just given some of those realized losses. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. 
John Barnidge: Thank you very much for the opportunity. Given the cost of direct mailings and less effectiveness along with electronic sales growing, are there newer DTC distribution channels or methods that really hadn't been pursued previously that are now being pursued more with more gusto. 
Matt Darden: Well, I would say, that we're always looking for additional channels. There's a lot of opportunities on the electronic media side, different methods of distribution from an online perspective, as well as that's supported by our agent call center. So we're always looking at new and different platforms and there's a lot of testing that goes on in that area, as we test into it. So as you can see, as I mentioned 70% plus of our sales these days are from an electronic source. And you just go back very few years ago, it was about 50%. So, we're definitely growing that piece as we continue to scale back on the traditional print media side. But there -- to the extent that we are getting profitable sales in the print media side, we'll continue to do that. But obviously the growth engine is going to be more on the electronics side. 
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you. My follow-up question. Oftentimes, I believe competition for Global Life sale can often be discretionary income. How do you think through student loan payments restarting potentially impacting demand for products? Thank you.
Matt Darden: Sure. Really, what we look at is just kind of as you had mentioned the share of the wallet. Obviously, that from a macro perspective is, going to have potentially some impact to tightening of that. I don't see that impacting our particular demographic too much. What we're continuing to see is an increase in all of our distribution channels including our Direct to Consumer channel, which is generally a lower income demographic. Our sale -- a premium per sale is still going up. And as a reminder, we charge -- the policies have a low premium, per month perspective. So it's not a big share of the wallet that we're talking about. In our DTC channel, it may be $20 or $40 a month as an example. And so, really I don't think that's going to have too much of an impact on our particular segment of the market as we think about our future sales. 
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Some of the health insurers have talked about seeing increased benefit utilization as more seniors are undergoing elective procedures that were put off either due to the pandemic or a lack of capacity. So I'm curious if that's something that you're seeing in your MedSup [ph] block at all? 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We did see United Healthcare reported that and they have a large block of Medicare Advantage coverage. I wouldn't necessarily expect those trends to carry over to our Medicare supplement business. We are seeing a little bit higher than anticipated health cost trends in our Medicare Supplement business that are impacting margins slightly. But the good thing is the seasonality that we saw in the first quarter has subsided a bit and also, where we have seen some increased utilization has really been isolated to our group retiree health business so more on the group side than on the individual side. If that does occurs continues to occur those higher cost trends, we take into account in setting our renewal rates for 2024. And so we then fully expect to be able to offset any of those in the future. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And is there something different between Medicare Advantage block and MedSup that would account for why you wouldn't expect to see the same thing, or just differences in your client base or... 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Medicare Advantage is covering kind of the full medical costs where Medicare supplements a different clientele but also, we're covering more of the deductibles and items above what Medicare would not cover. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And then maybe if we could just pivot talking a little bit more about mortality experience. It sounds like it was a little bit favorable to your assumptions this quarter. And is that a change at all in terms of what you're seeing in terms of the level of excess population mortality starting to normalize or anything else I guess just any color you have there? 
Thomas Kalmbach: No you're right. We did see mortality slightly favorable from our expectations in our assumptions. You can see that coming through the remeasurement gain on the Life business. What I'd say is we've seen improvement in excess deaths [ph] where we're still seeing some elevated excess deaths from what we did experience in 2019. So it is getting better but it still seems a little bit elevated for some particular causes. Particularly health and heart and circulatory causes in cancer are lower than 2021 and '22 which is a really good sign because those are some of the bigger causes of death. And then I want to say last quarter it's nice to see COVID deaths in the U.S. decline and we're probably seeing some benefit from those declines in COVID deaths as well. 
Erik Bass: Got it. So it's basically you were more conservative in your assumptions. So there's still some level of excess mortality within the population but just less than you had assumed?
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We're definitely seeing some continued excess mortality. We probably expect that to continue for at least for the remainder of this year and probably into the next couple of years. 
Frank Svoboda: And our current experience is a little bit less than our anticipated elevated amount. 
Thomas Kalmbach: Exactly.
Erik Bass: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question is from Maxwell Fritscher from Truist Securities. 
Maxwell Fritscher: Hi. Good afternoon. I'm calling in today for Mark Hughes. I was wondering if you could provide some color on the driver of the growth in life sales for Liberty National. Was this just a function of agent growth? 
James Darden: It's primarily a function of agent growth. We've had significant double-digit agent growth. Our growth in the agent count for Liberty really started accelerating in 2022 in the latter half. And so as that's kind of a leading that agent count is a leading indicator those new agents come on board become more productive. So as those agents get onboarded and get more experience then it drives the sales. We have a little bit of agent productivity gains is just the amount of premium that we're selling on a per-agent basis but a vast majority of it is really just coming from that agent count increase. 
Maxwell Fritscher: Okay. And you mentioned this but I must have missed it. What was the driver of excess investment income growth? Was this just higher yield in the quarter? 
Frank Svoboda: Yes it's really predominantly the increase in the short-term rates, which are really hitting our -- the floating rates impacting our commercial mortgage loans as well as the commercial mortgage loan that are in our limited partnership investments. About two-thirds of our limited partnerships are in commercial mortgage loans as well. So we're seeing increases in those rates as well as a little bit on the short-term investments that we have which is not as significant. But overall, so we just saw a very good growth in our net investment income and the income grew at a faster pace than the invested assets. And then also, when you think of the excess investment income, it's -- you take required interest into account. So, you had investment at the net investment incomes growing at a faster rate than our net investment income. So we ended up with a good increase in the excess investment income.
Maxwell Fritscher: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Sorry, good afternoon. Just had a follow-up question on the excess mortality to make sure I'm understanding the way this is going to flow through accounting, the new accounting. So if I remember correctly the total COVID and non-COVID excess plan for 2023 was around $45 million a year. So, let's call that a little over $10 million quarterly drag, is it as simple as just taking that remeasurement gain of $2.4 million and deducting that from the $11 million-ish quarterly drag you would expect from excess and then you end up with $8 million or $9 million for this quarter would be the elevated -- still elevated ongoing COVID? Is that -- does that make sense to you? Like -- or is there some element of smoothing that's going on with the new accounting that doesn't make that exactly comparable?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. There's definitely an element of smoothing. So it's not as kind of easy as you had indicated. I think that, again the remeasuring gains are reflecting fluctuations from our underlying assumptions. So the life business is performing better than those assumptions. What I'd say about our excess mortality assumptions is, yes, they're consistent with kind of that overall excess mortality that we talked about the $45 million. But we also expect that to kind of wear off over time. And so that's kind of underlying those assumptions as well. So it's difficult to kind of pinpoint exactly how that will come through. But what I would say is when we see fluctuations. So if we had -- it's generally in the current year we see probably about a quarter of that come through into the current quarter results. And then the other thing to remember is we are going to look at updating our assumptions again coming up in this third quarter. We don't expect them to have a significant impact but we will kind of be revisiting our excess mortality assumption going forward as well.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think just one thing to add to that just as an example. And what Tom would say is that if you had $45 million and it turned out to be $35 million of excess that you actually kind of incurred but the way that this new LDTI impacts that and as Tom said roughly a-quarter of that, we'd probably only see roughly a $2 million to $2.5 million of that actually flow through and actually hit current year earnings. So, it is spread out if you will the expectation for those under the new accounting got spread out over a whole bunch of years and so the impact on the current year is much less.
Tom Gallagher: That's really helpful. So, I'm sorry, just a follow-up. So the 2.4 -- just so I'm clear on this the $2.4 million remeasurement gain, if it was on the old GAAP, that would have been a bigger -- we'll call it favorable impact on the quarter by -- so that would have been larger by 3x or something like that?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, correct. It would have been larger. Yes.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. All right. Thats helpful. Thats all I had. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Jefferies.
Suneet Kamath: Hi. I don't know if you disclosed this or talked about it in your prepared remarks, but do you have the year-to-date statutory operating income and statutory net income?
Matt Darden: We don't have those yet. We're finalizing the second quarter statutory results right now. So, not at this time. 
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then the comment about the capital under your stress test, I think you had said $25 million to $50 million, is that comparable to the $30 million to $55 million that you guys talked about last quarter, or was that a different calculation?
Frank Svoboda: No, very comparable. Yes similar.
Suneet Kamath: So it actually got better sequentially?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Yes, just slightly. Yes.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. And then the only other one I had is again, I don't know if this is going to affect you but obviously over the past couple of weeks we've learned about the FDA approving some of these new Alzheimer's drug and whether or not Medicare is going to cover that. I think it's still an open issue. Is that something that ultimately could affect you guys, or is it not that material for you? 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We've actually -- it depends on whether it's covered by Medicare or not. So Medicare covers drugs administered in office and these are drugs that are currently administered in the office. We did anticipate some of that coming through in our Medicare supplement rates. So it actually will be one of those considerations as we look for rate increases for 2024 and medical expense trend is will incorporate estimates for what we think that will run. 
Matt Darden: And I think I was going to add to that. I think part of it too is just understanding what utilization may look like in the future. There's a lot of risks that are currently disclosed related to those drugs as well. But as Tom said, we can price for that based upon what ultimate utilization may look like. And what we -- as we thought about our '23 rates that are in effect right now we've actually like I said compensated some of that and we think those costs are pretty much in line with what we would expect.
Suneet Kamath: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: As there are no further questions, I will hand the call back over to your hosts for any closing remarks. 
Frank Svoboda: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 15:55:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to Globe Life's First [ph] Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Melissa and I will be your coordinator for today's event. Please note this conference is being recorded. And for the duration of the call your lines will be listen-only. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the call over to your host Stephen Mota, Senior Director of Customer Relations to begin today's conference. Thank you. Stephen you may begin. 
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officer; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release and 2022 10-K on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank. 
Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen and good morning everyone. I would note here that our reported results for the first quarter of 2023 and 2022 reflects the adoption on January 1st, 2023 of the new LDTI accounting guidance. First, I want to thank the many members of our accounting, actuarial, investment, and technology teams for getting us ready to adopt this new accounting guidance this quarter. It was a substantial project and they did a fantastic job. Tom will discuss the new guidance in more detail in his comments. In the first quarter, net income was $224 million or $2.28 per share compared to $237 million or $2.37 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $248 million or $2.53 per share, an increase of 4% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 22.9% and book value per share is $39.74, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share is $70.34, up 10% from a year ago. In Life Insurance Operations, premium revenue for the first quarter increased 3% from the year ago quarter to $773 million. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4%. Life underwriting margin was $291 million, up 1% from a year ago. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect life underwriting margin as a percent of premium to be in the range of 37% to 39%. As we've discussed on prior calls, underwriting margin is different under the new LDTI accounting rules. In Health Insurance, premium grew 2% to $322 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $91 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 3% at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect health underwriting margin as a percent of premium to be in the range of 28% to 30%. Administrative expenses were $74 million for the quarter, up 2% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7% compared to 6.8% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up between 2% and 3% and be around 6.9% of premium, due primarily to higher IT and information security costs. Higher labor and other costs are expected to be offset by a decline in pension related employee benefit costs. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the first quarter marketing operations. 
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $388 million and life underwriting margin was up 2% to $176 million. In the first quarter of 2023, net life sales were $83 million, down 2% from the year ago quarter while first quarter sales declined slightly from a year ago they grew 19% from the fourth quarter of last year. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 9,714, up 4% from the year ago quarter and up 5% from the fourth quarter and is consistent with our expectations discussed on the last call. I'm very encouraged with the sales and agent count trends and see a lot of positive momentum in this division. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $85 million and life underwriting margin was up 3% to $28 million. Net life sales increased 27% to $22 million and net health sales were $7 million, up 14% from the year ago quarter due to increased agent count and productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 3,011, up 13% from a year ago quarter. I'm very pleased with the results here as Liberty continues to successfully generate strong sales and recruiting activity. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% over the year ago quarter to $96 million and health underwriting margin increased 15% to $32 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher premiums and improved claim experience. Net health sales were up 21% to $23 million, primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,298, up 18% from the year ago quarter. As we've mentioned previously, this agency has shifted focus over the last several quarters to recruiting and middle management development. Now in our direct-to-consumer division, life premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $248 million, but life underwriting margin declined 3% to $56 million. The decrease in underwriting margin is primarily due to an increase in lead-related non deferred acquisition expenses. Net life sales were $32 million down 4% from the year ago quarter. As we have mentioned on previous calls direct-to-consumer marketing is one facet of our business that has been impacted by the current inflationary environment. We've had to pull back somewhat on circulation and mailings as increases in postage and paper costs impede our ability to achieve satisfactory return on our investment for specific marketing campaigns. There is an offset to this, as we continue to generate more Internet activity which has lower acquisition costs than our direct mail marketing. In fact electronic sales have grown at a 5.8% compounded annual growth rate since 2019 and are currently approximately 70% of our new business. On to United American General Agency. Here the health premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $133 million and health underwriting margin of $13 million, which is 10% of premium is consistent with the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $15 million, up 13% in the year ago quarter. The increase in net health sales is primarily due to the sales growth at Globe Life Benefits. Projections. Now, I want to talk about based on the trends that we are seeing and the experience with our business, we expect that average producing agent count trends for 2023 to be as follows. At American Income Life, low double-digit growth; at Liberty National low double-digit growth; and Family Heritage, low double-digit growth. Are very nice -- I'm pleased to project that all three of our exclusive agencies are going to have low double-digit growth through the remainder of the year. Net life sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows. American Income Life, low single-digit growth; Liberty National, low double-digit growth and direct-to-consumer slightly down to relatively flat for the full year. Net health sales for the full year of 2023 are expected to be as follows. At Liberty National, low double-digit growth; Family Heritage, low double-digit growth and at United American General Agency mid-single-digit growth. I will now turn the call back to Frank. 
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We'll now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income which for 2023 we define as net investment income less only required interest was $29 million up 13% from the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 15%. Net investment income was $257 million, up 5% from the year ago quarter. Acquired interest as adjusted to reflect the impact from the adoption of LDTI is up 4% over the year ago quarter in line with the increase in net policy liabilities. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow approximately 5% as a result of the favorable rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets. And excess investment income to grow between 10% and 12%. Now, regarding our investment yield. In the first quarter, we invested $311 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.84% and an average rating of A and an average life of 25 years. We also invested $45 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. I will further discuss our commercial mortgage loans momentarily. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio the first quarter yield was 5.18% up three basis points from the first quarter of 2022 and flat versus the fourth quarter. As of March 31 the portfolio yield was 5.20%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets of $20.2 billion including $18.5 billion of $6 million -- of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $17.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- same as a year ago. I would like to make a few comments regarding our banking and commercial mortgage loan investments. Total bank investments are 7% of our fixed maturity portfolio. We realized an after-tax loss of roughly $21 million during the first quarter on Signature Bank bonds. We also hold $39 million of First Republic bank bonds, which have been impaired in the second quarter due to recent developments. We did not have any exposure to the Silicon Valley Bank or the Credit Suisse AT1 bonds that defaulted. Regarding our commercial mortgage loans. We have $204 million net book value of CMLs directly held on our balance sheet, which is 1% of our total investment portfolio. We also have $454 million of limited partnership funds or 2.4% of the total investment portfolio that invest in CMLs. These limited partnerships are carried at fair value, which is updated quarterly and managed by PIMCO and MetLife. The CMLs we hold directly and most of our limited partnership CML investments are transitional or bridge loans that generally have a floating rate three-year maturities and two optional one-year extensions, if certain criteria are met. We prefer the risk return profile of these types of loans over traditional commercial mortgage loans and believe they provide good diversification away from corporate securities. Transitional or bridge loans are typically used to renovate or otherwise improve a particular property. For loans that are on our balance sheet, oftentimes the appraised value is reflected in our regulatory filings reflect the original as-is appraisal at the time the transitional mode was initiated, which does not take into account any increases in value after the renovations are completed. The loan-to-value method we consider in evaluating the property, what we call stabilized appraised value is the basis we use in the supplemental information we provided on our website and reflects appraisals that take into consideration, the effect such renovations are expected to have on the property's value, using market comps and other standard appraisal techniques at the time the loan  of loan origination. Thus the stabilized appraised values are typically higher than the original appraised values reflected in the regulatory filings. With respect to the CML tell directly on our balance sheet $115 million of gross book value were originated prior to 2022. We have $59 million of loans with maturities in 2023, of which $22 million have optional extensions subject to satisfaction of certain criteria. Of the loans with maturities in 2023, only $8 million are related to office properties plus $2 million related to the pro rata office portion of mixed-use properties. The average loan-to-value ratio of the 2023 maturities is 64% with none greater than 90%. Our expected lifetime losses for our CML portfolio, which is equivalent to our CML CECL allowance is $3.1 million or 1.5% of book value. Based on both the underlying structure of our direct and indirect CML investments and the specific properties involved, we believe that the incremental risk inherent in these investments is more than offset by the additional yield they generate. As mentioned in our earnings release, we have provided additional information regarding our banking and CML investments on our Investor Relations website under Financial Reports and other financial information. These investments have been included in our portfolio stress testing that Tom will discuss in his comments. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.3 billion, due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position and is mostly interest rate-driven. We have the intent and more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB are 51% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 55% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, keep in mind that we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets, such as derivatives, common equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Additionally, unlike many other insurance companies, we do not have any exposure to direct real estate equity investments or private equities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment-grade bonds are $596 million compared to $583 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to fixed maturities is 3.2%, still near historical lows. In addition, below investment-grade bonds plus bonds rated BBB are 54% of fixed maturities, the lowest ratio it has been in over eight years. Finally, the amount of our fixed maturity portfolio subject to either negative outlook or negative watch by the rating agencies is at the lowest level since 2010. Overall, we believe we are well positioned not only to a standard market downturn, but also to be opportunistic and purchase higher-yielding securities in such a scenario. Because we primarily invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We have performed stress tests under multiple scenarios on both our fixed and maturity portfolio and our commercial mortgages held directly and through limited partnerships. As previously noted, Tom will address the potential capital implications of these stress tests in his comments. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect to invest approximately $1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of approximately 5.6% and approximately $250 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average yield of 7% to 8%. As we've said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since days are not interest sensitive. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital liquidity and LDTI. 
Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $91 million. In the first quarter, the company repurchased 1.2 million shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of $135 million which includes the acceleration of approximately $35 million of our annual repurchase plan to take advantage of recent lower share prices. The average share price for these purchases was $115.04 and we ended the first quarter with liquid assets of approximately $77 million. Year-to-date we have purchased 1.4 million shares of Global Life Inc's common stock for a total cost of $158 million at an average share price of $114.04. In addition to the liquid assets held by the parent, the parent company generated excess cash flows during the first quarter and will continue to do so throughout 2023. Parent company's excess cash flow as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the Parent company's excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $420 million to $440 million and is available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends and through share repurchases. This amount is higher than 2022, primarily due to the lower life losses incurred in 2022 which resulted in higher statutory income in 2022 as compared to 2021 thus providing higher dividends to the Parent in 2023 than were received in 2022. As previously noted, we had approximately $77 million of liquid assets at the end of the quarter, as compared to $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets that we have historically targeted. In addition to the $57 million of liquid assets, we expect to generate $295 million to $315 million of the excess cash flows for the remainder of 2023 providing us with approximately $350 million to $370 million of assets available to Parent for the remainder of 2023 after taking into consideration the approximately $23 million of share repurchases to date in the second quarter. We anticipate distributing approximately $60 million to $65 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments for the remainder of 2023. In May, we have approximately $166 million of senior debt maturing. In April the company closed on $170 million 18-month term loan the proceeds of this term loan will be used to retire the 7.875% senior notes maturing on May 15, 2023. We want to continue to monitor debt markets and our capital needs. Our current plan is to issue new long-term debt, long-term senior debt in 2024 to pay off the term loan, reduce other short-term debt and meet long-term capital needs. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over the other alternative -- other available alternatives. Thus we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of the Parent's excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the Parent from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand and modernize our information technology and other operational capabilities as well as to acquire new long-duration assets to fund their future cash needs. The remaining amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program in 2023. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $370 million and $390 million of share repurchases will occur during the year. With regard to capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At the end of 2022, our consolidated RBC ratio was 321%. At this RBC ratio, our subsidiaries had at that time approximately $125 million of capital over the amount required to meet the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. When adjusted for first quarter realized losses of $24 million and anticipated $30 million after-tax loss related to the First Republic Bank, the RBC ratio is reduced approximately to 312% and is near the midpoint of our targeted RBC range of 300% to 320%. We are well-positioned to address any additional capital needed by our insurance subsidiaries due to potential downgrades and additional defaults that may occur due to a recession or other economic factors. As Frank mentioned, we routinely performed stress tests on our investment portfolio under multiple areas. Under these stress tests, we anticipate various levels of downgrades in the defaults in our fixed maturity portfolio and include a provision for losses in our CML portfolio that reflects loss rates in excess of those in the Fed's severely adverse scenario. Under our scenarios, we do not anticipate that all the downgrades defaults and losses in our CML portfolio would occur in 2023 but rather anticipate they would emerge over an extended period, which could be as long as 24 months. Even if the losses under our internal stress test occurred before the end of the year, we estimate only between $30 million to $55 million of additional capital would be needed to maintain the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. The parent has sufficient capital sources of liquidity to meet this capital if it is needed to maintain our consolidated RBC ratio within our target range while continuing our dividend and share repurchase program as planned. Now I'd like to provide a few comments related to policy obligations on the first quarter results. As we've talked about on prior calls, we have included in the supplemental financial information available on our website historical operating sub results under LDTI for each of the quarters in 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, we updated both our life and health assumptions. The life assumption updates reflect our current estimates of continued excess mortality particularly in the near-term. For the first quarter, the life policy obligations showed slightly favorable fluctuations when compared to our assumptions of mortality and persistency. This resulted in a small life remeasurement gain in the quarter. The supplemental financial information available on our website provides exhibits, which shows the remeasurement gain or loss by distribution channel. The remeasurement gain or loss shows the current period fluctuations in experience and the impact of assumption changes if any, which are allocated to the current quarter, as well as past periods. In the absence of assumption changes, it is indicative of experienced fluctuations. The remeasurement gain for the life segment was $2.7 million lower policy obligations, reflecting favorable fluctuations for the quarter while for the health segment resulted in $2 million higher policy obligations reflecting unfavorable fluctuations for the quarter. In the first quarter we had no changes to long-term assumptions. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance in 2023, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $10.28 to $10.52 per diluted common share for the year ending December 31, 2023. The $10.40 midpoint of our guidance is higher than what we had indicated last quarter. The increase in our expectations for 2023 is largely due to the impact of lower share price and slightly higher life margins as a result of lower policy obligations than previously anticipated. Consistent with our guidance on the last call and Frank's comments for the full year 2023, we anticipate life underwriting margins to be in the range of 37% to 39% and health underwriting margins to be in the range of 28% to 30%. Given that our assumptions were recently updated, we believe first quarter obligation ratios are indicative of emerging policy obligations over the year. We will be reviewing assumptions and anticipate making updates in the third quarter each year. At this time, we do not believe that to be significant. Total acquisitions in the first quarter as a percent of premium is 21% including both amortization and non-deferred acquisition costs and commissions we expect the full year to be consistent with this 21%. While the new GAAP accounting changes were significant it is important to keep in mind that the changes only impact the timing of when our future profits will be recognized and that none of the changes impact our premium rates, the amount of premiums we collect, and the amount of claims we ultimately pay. Furthermore, it has no impact on our statutory earnings, the statutory capital we require to maintain for regulatory purposes or the parent company's excess cash flows, nor will it cause us to make any changes in the products that we offer. Those are my comments. I'll now turn it back to Matt. 
Matt Darden: Thank you Tom. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions. 
Stephen Mota: Melissa, we're ready to open up the call for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I think we do have a few questions in the queue. And our first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar. Jimmy, you may please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Thanks. So first just a question on, investment losses and their potential impact on statutory income and just your dividend capacity and share buybacks next year, should we assume that the loss that you took on Signature Bank and the upcoming loss on First Republic will have an impact on buybacks as you're going into next year?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Jimmy. We would expect statutory earnings to be lower from our subsidiaries in 2023 which would impact the dividends that the Parent receives in 2024, as a result of those losses.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then,
Frank Svoboda: It's too early to really tell what the impact on our buybacks plans are for 2024.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then, on the decline in stat income should be commensurate with the losses on the two banks assuming nothing else?
Frank Svoboda: No. That is right. So as you think about the total realized losses that we had in the first quarter there was the one bank. We did have a smaller small bond related to a University of Georgia property that was included in the net $24 million in there as well. But that as long as Republic, would go through the statutory income in 2023, on an after-tax basis.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. 
Frank Svoboda: And then, Jimmy, I was just going to note that
Jimmy Bhullar: And then
Frank Svoboda: And then, Jimmy, I was just going to note that there's other -- as we think about the changes in our loss claims, so we still have a certain amount of expectations with respect to the payments of -- we've talked in the past on excess obligations whether it be from COVID or COVID-related and obviously as those kind of subsides. So it's a little bit early to see. I think the initial anticipation was that those would be lower in 2023 than what they were in 2022. So we typically have some growth in our statutory earnings as well over time. We'll see how that plays out over the course of the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, just on direct response. Obviously it seems like the Internet business is growing but the mailing business should we assume that if -- unless inflation comes down a decent amount then there shouldn't be much of a change in your circulation volumes and your sales activity?
Matt Darden: Yeah. Jimmy, it does. You're correct. Those two are offsetting each other. Our -- as we've mentioned in the past, we are reducing some of our circulation in mail. And we'll continue to most likely do that through the remainder of 2023, in because of those costs associated with the higher production cost of that channel. But we're trying to offset that of course with increase in Internet sales. And so that's why we've guided to essentially flat maybe a slight decline from a sales perspective for 2023.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, just lastly, could you comment on the recruiting environment I would have thought with the tight labor market the agent growth would have been stunted but it's actually been fairly strong across the various channels recently?
Matt Darden: Yeah. As we've talked about in the past, we've been able to successfully recruit in a variety of different economic environments. And as we think about, it we really look at what are the things that we are doing, because we always have good sources of recruits. And so we really focus on how effectively can we onboard new agents. And as we've mentioned, that growth in the middle management count who's doing a lot of the recruiting of new agents, training them and getting them onboarded that's a key aspect that we're focused on growing to be able to grow that agent count. So we're really not seeing an impact from a macroeconomic environment from an employment perspective. And if you reflect back on, we had strong agent count growth in Family Heritage and Liberty in Q3 and Q4 of last year. That momentum is continuing on. And then, as we talked about on the last call AIL, some of the things that we've put in place right at the end of the year are showing some fruits here in the first quarter. And so we've upped our projections for the agent count growth at AIL and in fact across all three of the agencies, just based on the individual things that we're putting in place in each of those divisions.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Wes Carmichael of Wells Fargo. Sir, please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, good morning. I think you mentioned a senior debt maturity that's coming up here in May and I think that's going to be met with the draw on the term loan. But I think there's also some commercial paper around $285 million that's coming due. So are you expecting that to also be satisfied with the term loan draw or is that going to be met another way?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. We generally have commercial paper out there, maturing and then issuing again. So we would expect to just reissue that commercial paper as well. And we generally will maintain that $285 million to $300 million of commercial paper out there. 
Wes Carmichael: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the CNL portfolio outside the limited partnerships, you mentioned there are transitional or bridge loans for the most part. And I think 5% is shown in the office bucket, but it looks like a good portion of the mixed use bucket is also related to office. So within your stress test or your thoughts like how are you thinking about any higher capital charges on that portfolio either from drift in CM ratings are due to potentially having to take on some of those loans as owned real estate?
Frank Svoboda : Yes. So when we did look at the stress test on those, we did take into consideration both the potential drift in the downgrades along with any downgrades, we would have within the fixed maturity portfolio. We looked at that the same way if we did have some drift in those as well. But then we took a look at the loss rates on those that actually assumed in kind of our -- the high-end severe stress about a 15% loss rate, which is about two times the Fed's severely adverse scenario. I think there is around 6.8% or so. And so we doubled that with respect to what we included in our stress test. 
Wes Carmichael: Got it. Thanks. And you touched on this a little bit, but the press release didn't have anything related to COVID or excess mortality. I think previously maybe you guided to around 105 U.S. deaths this year. Is that still the case? Has that changed? And how much of that excess mortality is embedded in the midpoint of the $10.40 EPS guidance?
Frank Svoboda : Yes. Good question. So we still think COVID deaths for the year will be around in the U.S. around 105,000. We haven't changed from that estimate. While we updated our assumptions last year, we reflected what we thought from an excess deaths perspective from the pandemic both from COVID and non-COVID causes. So that's embedded in our the midpoint of our guidance. 
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Sir, please go ahead.
John Barnidge : Thank you very much for the opportunity, and good morning. If we could stick with the investment portfolio a bit. Can you maybe talk about occupancy rates of that office and mixed-use and then compare it to central business district versus suburban?
Frank Svoboda : Just in general on the broad 200
John Barnidge : I'm talking about -- I'm talking specifically around the office and then that 45% of the mixed uses.
Frank Svoboda : Yes. So on the ones that are maturing here in 2023, so we've got about $8 million of -- that are 100% office. One of those was located in Washington, D.C. one of those in New York City. And then on the mixed use there's about a $2 million allocation to office use of that particular property. So there's only three properties that make up that entire amount that's due here in 2020, or it's maturing in 2023. One of those is in the process doing renovations, they're in the process of actually extending that for another 24 months. So that will be extended into 2025. The other one that's a 100% office It's around -- it's a little bit different, because they're actually taking it and then selling it into condo style offices. They're in the process of selling that. And as they sell those offices it's -- they are repaying back down a portion of that goes to pay back on the loan. Given some of the current -- the sale bump from that particular property it kind of points to actually a loan-to-value ratio of around 42%. So something we're not very concerned there. And on the mixed-use they've actually got it's actually 100% leased and occupied at this point in time.
John Barnidge : That's really helpful. My follow-up on mortality. Some of us talked about an early flu peak in the fourth quarter. Others have suggested that didn't occur. Can you maybe talk about your seasonal experience in the quarter? Thank you.
Frank Svoboda : Yes. Just -- I mentioned that we had a small favorable fluctuation in mortality during the quarter. So we were pleased with kind of the overall mortality results really very consistent with our expectations slightly positive. 
John Barnidge : Thank you very much. Appreciate the answers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. 
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. First question just when you give your free cash flow guidance for the year, do you have any placeholder on for credit losses in that, or is your assumption just that if those occur they'd be borne by the excess RBC ratio in the subsidiary?
Matt Darden : It's really the latter, right? We don't reflect any access losses. And we do anticipate losses in general during the course of the year, we'll have some realized gains and losses. But -- so our base case does assume some, but not a significant portion. So in general, I'd say any subsequent losses would be borne by our other liquidity resources and the surplus that we have in our -- the excess in our RBC ratio that we currently have.
Erik Bass: Got it. Which is, I guess, why with these losses, you're just comfortable, it brings the RBC ratio to the midpoint of your range, but there's really no impact on your free cash flow expectations?
Matt Darden: Exactly. And in addition, we -- just our liquidity resources that we have available to us, if those losses did occur we have resources available.
Frank Svoboda: Remember again, from the free cash flow -- from the excess cash flow, that's really again driven by the dividends out of our subsidiaries from last year's statutory earnings, and so, any of those losses don't affect that cash flow as any losses that we have this year will simply affect next year's cash flow. But again, as we - although that it would be included in our stress test. And again, as we think about those stress tests, we're trying to really look at what maybe could happen as we're doing a bottoms-up approach, not necessarily what we think will happen, because when we look at our particular portfolio, we don't necessarily think that we'll end up and again, because we have that ability to hold, especially on the fixed maturity side. So we don't anticipate losses that would actually be occurring during the year.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then can you talk about the decision to use the term loan to pay off the debt maturity as opposed to issuing senior debt now? And I guess as you think of liquidity management, you'll now have the term loan maturity next year to deal with. Does that change at all how you think about kind of how much liquidity you want to hold or need to hold?
Matt Darden: Yes. As we were thinking about the best way to refinance the debt that was maturing, we looked at a number of options. And we just -- one of the things that we're trying to do is to look at our maturity ladder as well. And so we thought it best to issue debt in 2024 to space out some of our maturities going forward.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW. Sir, please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to understand the under LDTI given that you already made an assumption for some level of continued excess mortality, is that -- is the 37% to 39% underwriting margin guidance does that actually -- is that being negatively impacted at all by the excess mortality, or did the assumption change that you made last year basically reflect that upfront already?
Matt Darden: Yes, the assumption last year -- last year ended up being reflected in that 37% to 39% underwriting margin. So it's already embedded.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. I guess maybe the question maybe to ask another way is, if -- how much upside would there be to that margin if the excess mortality kind of fully subsided?
Matt Darden: Yes, it's probably about 1% premium, maybe.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then just one more. How are you thinking about your leverage capacity if we did end up in an environment where you had more credit losses, do you think you could end up just issuing additional debt and maintain the buyback at a consistent level?
Matt Darden: Yes. Our debt capital ratio, as of the first quarter is 22.9%. So we have quite a bit of debt capacity over $700 million -- $700 million or $800 million to be a bit below a 30% debt cap ratio, which is kind of where Moody's sets their limit. So, quite a bit of debt capacity. And we'd actually expect that debt capital ratio to go down during the course of the year as well to give us even more debt capacity.
Ryan Krueger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse. Sir, please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. Interesting American Income agent count up 6%. Their average producing agent, I think was up 4%. And the guidance this year for sales and life is low-single-digit. I'm kind of curious about you're recruiting how that's coming along, and just kind of the seasoning of these new recruits, and could we expect a really nice number next year as a result?
Matt Darden: Yes. Probably go back in history just a little bit. As far as, if you look at the increase in life sales for AIL in Q1 of last year, so Q1 of 2022. We had a 23% increase in life sales. And then in the second quarter of 2022, we had a 16% increase in life sales. So we've got tough comparables so to speak when you look at the first quarter and the second quarter of this year as compared to the prior year. But as we've talked about in the past, the agent count in the recruiting is a leading indicator for sales yet to come. And so what we're very pleased about is just that growth in the agent count throughout the first quarter of this year. And in fact each week in the month of March, we were over 10,000 agents again in American Income. So that momentum as those agents get up producing and as we've talked about in the past the more experienced agents obviously are more effective from a sales perspective. So as those new on-boarded agents get more experience, we expect that sales growth to accelerate in the last half of this year and then obviously that would carry over into 2024. 
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. And then just staying on that topic you mentioned -- and I didn't get the exact numbers increasing the branch managers. And maybe you could talk a little bit about those initiatives within American Income. What's the delta there? And how impactful? 
Matt Darden: As far as our middle management growth in American Income, it's up 10% in the first quarter of this year. So that's what we're very pleased with. So that 10% growth in the middle management again helps us from a recruiting perspective as well as training and onboarding agents, and that's very good. We anticipate as far as just new agency owners new offices being open in American Income still predict that for throughout 2023 to be in the three to five number range so good growth there as well.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wilma Burdis of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Good morning. Just a question on the health margin that increased a little bit. Could you talk just drilling a little bit more what happened there? 
Matt Darden: Yeah, we have to -- when we kept the bottom end of the range the same, but we do see the potential it to move up a little higher. We're seeing a little bit favorable experience on Family Heritage. And we feel like, if that continues the health margins could go up overall. On the UA side we have seen a little bit of first quarter a little bit higher claims and I think others have seen that as well. And that's fairly consistent with the seasonality of Medicare supplement. But we think that Family Heritage actually provides kind of an opportunity for some upside. 
Wilma Jackson: Great. And it seems like all of the recruiting and sales numbers came up a little bit which is great to see. But I guess my one quick question is, if there's any recessionary impacts that could kind of flow through on pressure sales a little bit this year?
Matt Darden: Generally, in the past, as we've look through different economic trends we really haven't seen that. Our sales growth is really driven by agent count growth and agent count growth is really driven by middle management growth. And so that's why you're seeing us revise up just the momentum that we're seeing in our onboarding of new agents as well as the growth in the management count across the three agencies is really what's driving our sales projections for the year.
Wilma Jackson: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have one remaining one for now. Wes Carmichael of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey, thanks for taking my follow-up call. Actually, I had a technical one. As we're thinking about stress testing and I'm really thinking about the RBC framework but it does kind of give you credit through diversification benefit of the C risk. So I think you guys are a pretty C2 heavy company. I was just wondering if there's any way to think about a rule of thumb for the diversification benefit within C1, if you see any credit risk, if that makes sense. 
Frank Svoboda: There would be some overall, you're right about 50% of our CMLs or in there CM2. And are you looking -- maybe I misunderstood, your question here, on just the. 
Wes Carmichael: Yes, I'm just thinking if that's really like -- sure. So like if you think about the gross C1 charges and then you could do that math to your 300% to 320% RBC target. But then when you actually put it into the RBC formula, the square root calculation gives you some offset against those growth factors. So I'm just thinking about -- is there a rule of thumb we can use, so we're not overestimating the credit drift impact to Globe for RBC. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I'll be honest. I'm not sure that I'm able to give you that, what that rule of thumb would be. I mean there is definitely, as we do think about the C1 charges. We look a lot -- we think about size diversification and we work with that quite a bit, and then trying to get the diversification across the portfolio. I'll be honest, I don't have that something I have handy, to try to give you that rule of thumb. 
Wes Carmichael: Okay. And just last one on LDTI. It looked like there might have been a favorable impact on retained earnings and thus book value ex AOCI. Just wondering, is there a way to quantify that? My math was there's a few moving pieces, but I thought it was around $4.50 a share versus prior gas. Is that in the ballpark? Do you have that handy? 
Matt Darden: I didn't put it in that framework, but we are definitely seeing higher retained earnings as a result of restating 2021 and 2022 earnings under LDTI. It was -- and then the traditional balance sheet change was relatively small. There's like that was about $12 million. So we had previously guided to, the LDTI would increase earnings by $105 million to $115 million. And so I think actually what might be helpful to you, is to look in the supplemental financial information where we've restated the 2022 earnings numbers. And that will help guide you. But 2021, was about $187 million favorable over historical and 2022 was about $253 million favorable over historical. So that's adding about $428 million, to retained earnings just because of the restatement of the prior historical numbers yes, to the retained earnings as of 12/31/22, right? So that's right. 12/31/22. 
Wes Carmichael: That's perfect. My math was 4.29%. So it sounds like we're in the same ballpark. But, I appreciate the follow-up. 
Matt Darden: And a large part of that of course, if you're thinking about restating on those prior years, it is because we had the large fluctuations with COVID in both of those years, so under LDTI that got a good chunk of that got pushed out in the future years, as well as then the impact from the lower amortization. 
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And as we have no further questions, I'd like to hand it back over to Stephen Mota, for any closing remarks. 
Stephen Mota: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That concludes our call. You may now disconnect. Hosts please stand by.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Globe Life Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is George. I'll be your coordinator for today's event. Please note, this conference is being recorded, and for duration of the call your lines will be in a listen-only mode. However, you will have the opportunity to ask questions at the end of the call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the call over to your host today, Mr. Stephen Mota, Investor Relations Director. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen Mota: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Tom Kalmbach, our Chief Financial Officer; Mike Majors, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2021 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
A - Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. Before getting started, I want to let you know that due to the ice storms in the DFW area, we are doing this call from multiple locations. So, if there are any issues with connections, please bear with us. Then, Matt and I would like to quickly take this opportunity to thank Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison once again and acknowledge their accomplishments as Globe Life's co-CEOs over the last 10 years, including 2022, another good year for Globe Life. Now to the results of the quarter. In the fourth quarter, net income was $212 million, or $2.14 per share compared to $178 million or $1.76 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $221 million or $2.24 per share, an increase of 32% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 12.3%, and book value per share was $49.65. Excluding unrealized losses on fixed maturities, return on equity for the full year was 13.4%, and book value per share as of December 31 was $64.01, up 9% from a year ago. It is encouraging that our return on equity, excluding unrealized gains and losses for the fourth quarter, was 14.3%, reflecting the lessening impact of excess life claims on our operations. In the life insurance operations, premium revenue for the fourth quarter increased 3% from the year ago quarter to $754 million. For the full year 2022, premium income grew 4%. Growth in premium income was challenged due to the lower sales growth we've seen this year, primarily in our direct-to-consumer channel in addition to the impact of foreign exchange rates on our Canadian premiums at American Income. In 2023, we expect life premium to grow around 4%. Life underwriting margin was $212 million, up 45% from a year ago. The increase in margin is due primarily to improved claim experience. With respect to anticipated underwriting income, as we've talked about on prior calls, underwriting margin will be calculated differently under the new LDTI accounting rules and is expected to be substantially higher due to the changes required by the new accounting standards. Tom will discuss the expected impact of LDTI in his comments. In health insurance, premium grew 4% to $324 million, and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $82 million. For the full year 2022, premium grew 6%. In 2023, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 3%, lower than 2022 due to lower premium growth in our United American and General Agency operations. Administrative expenses were $78 million for the quarter, up 12% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 7.2% compared to 6.7% a year ago. For the year, administrative expenses were 7% of premium compared to 6.6% a year ago. In 2023, we expect administrative expenses to be up approximately 3%, and be around 6.9% of premium due primarily to higher IT and information security costs. Higher labor costs are expected to be offset by a decline in pension-related employee benefit costs. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations.
A - Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First up is American Income Life. The American Income Life life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $381 million, and life underwriting margin was up 27% to $130 million. The higher underwriting margin is primarily due to improved claims experience and higher premium. In the fourth quarter of 2022, net life sales were $70 million, down 6% from a year ago quarter. The decline in sales resulted from reduced agent count and agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 9,243, down 3% from the year ago quarter and down 2% from the third quarter. The decline from the third quarter to the fourth quarter is consistent with typical seasonal trends. The decline in average agent count from a year ago is due to higher-than-expected attrition throughout 2022, as we have previously discussed. While the agent count declined from a year ago, I am encouraged as we have seen positive recruiting momentum over the latter part of the fourth quarter into the beginning of this year. We've also started to have some success with our new retention efforts. I believe the agency compensation adjustments we have made to emphasize recruiting and retention will help continue this momentum. I am optimistic regarding the long-term growth potential of this agency division. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 4% over the year ago quarter to $82 million, and life underwriting margin was up 74% to $21 million. The increase in the underwriting margin is primarily due to improved claims experience. Net life sales increased 24% to $23 million, and net health sales were $9 million, up 14% from the year ago quarter due mainly to increased productivity and agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,946, up 8% from the year ago quarter and up 6% compared to the third quarter. Liberty continues to build on the momentum that's been generated over the past year and is well positioned for future growth. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% over the year ago quarter to $94 million, and health underwriting margin increased 2% to $26 million. Net health sales were up 21% to $22 million due to increased agent count and agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,334, up 12% from the year ago quarter and up 8% compared to the third quarter. As we've discussed before, there was a shift in emphasis last year to recruiting and middle management development. This has paid off nicely as we continue to see positive trends at Family Heritage. In our Direct to Consumer Division at Globe Life, life premiums were flat over the year ago quarter to $238 million, but life underwriting margin increased from $12 million to $39 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to improved claims experience. Net life sales were $31 million, down 9% from the year ago quarter due to declines in circulation and response rate. This sales decline is consistent with our expectations. As we have mentioned in previous calls, direct-to-consumer marketing is one facet of our business that has been impacted by the current inflationary environment. We've had to pull back somewhat on circulation and mailings as increases in postage and paper costs impede our ability to achieve satisfactory return on our investment for specific marketing campaigns. There is an offset to this as we continue to generate more Internet activity, which has lower acquisition costs than our direct mail marketing. Today, electronics sales are approximately 70% of our business compared to 54% in 2019. I am also encouraged to see some resiliency here as the average premium per issued policy has increased each year for the last several years and was 16% higher in 2022 than in 2019. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 5% over the year ago quarter to $137 million and health underwriting margin increased 1% to $20 million. Net health sales were $20 million, down 25% compared to the year ago quarter, and this decline is due primarily to the market dynamics we saw throughout 2022, including aggressive pricing by competitors on certain Medicare supplement products and a consumer movement to Medicare Advantage. Projections: Now based on the trends that we are seeing and our experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for 2023 to be as follows: American Income Life, high single-digit growth; Liberty National, low double-digit growth; Family Heritage, high single-digit growth. Net life sales trends for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows: American Income Life, relatively flat; Liberty National, high single-digit to low double-digit growth; Direct to Consumer, relatively flat. Net health sales trends for 2023 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, a high single digit to the low double-digit increase; Family Heritage, a high single-digit increase; United American General Agency, low single-digit growth. I will now turn the call back to Frank.
A - Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We'll now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which for 2022, we defined as net investment income, less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $63 million, up 7% from the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 10%. Net investment income was $254 million, up 6% from the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, net investment income was up [90%] (ph). With the adoption of LDTI in 2023, we will begin viewing excess investment income as net investment income less only required interest. For the full year 2023, we expect net investment income to grow approximately 5% as a result of the favorable rate environment. With respect to required interest, it will be substantially higher than reported in 2022 as a result of changes related to the adoption of LDTI. As mentioned previously, Tom will further discuss LDTI in his comments. Now regarding investment yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $239 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial, municipal and industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 6.10%, an average rating of A, and an average life of 21 years. We also invested $104 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.18%, up 1 basis point from the fourth quarter of 2021 and up 1 basis point from the third quarter. As of December 31, the portfolio yield was 5.19%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $20 billion, including $18.3 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $17.8 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-minus, same as a year ago. Our investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.8 billion due to the high -- higher current market rates on our holdings than book yields. We are not concerned by the unrealized loss position and it is mostly interest rate driven. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB are 51% of the fixed maturity portfolio, down from 54% from a year ago. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is relative -- high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Low investment grade bonds are $542 million compared to $702 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to fixed maturities is 3%. This is as low as this ratio had been for more than 20 years. In addition, below investment-grade bonds plus bond rated BBB are 54% of fixed maturities, the lowest ratio it has been in eight years. Overall, we are comfortable with the quality of our portfolio, because we primarily invest long. A key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. During 2022, we executed some repositioning of the fixed maturity portfolio to improve yield and quality. Over the course of last year, we sold approximately $359 million of fixed maturities with an average rating of BBB and reinvested the proceeds in higher-yielding securities with an average rating of A-plus. Overall, we believe we are well positioned not only to withstand a market downturn, but also to be opportunistic and purchase higher-yielding securities in such a scenario. I would also mention that we have no direct investments in Ukraine or Russia and do not expect any material impact to our investments in multinational companies that have exposure to these countries. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2023, we expect to invest approximately $940 million in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.5% and approximately $310 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average cash yield of 7% to 8%. As we've said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact on our future policy benefits, since they are not interest sensitive. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital, liquidity and LDTI. Tom?
A - Tom Kalmbach: Thanks, Frank. So, in the fourth quarter, the company purchased 490,000 shares of Global Life Inc. common stock for a total cost of $56 million at an average share price of $115.1, and ended the fourth quarter with liquid assets of approximately $91 million. For the full year, we spent approximately $335 million to purchase 3.3 million shares at an average price of $100.90. The total amount spent on repurchases included $55 million of parent company liquidity. In addition to the liquid assets of the parent, the parent company will generate additional excess cash flows during 2023. The company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $410 million to $450 million and is available to return to its shareholders in the form of dividends and through share repurchases. This amount is higher than 2022, primarily due to lower COVID life losses incurred in '22, which will result in higher statutory income in '22 as compared to 2021, thus providing higher dividends to the parent in 2023 that were received in 2022. As previously noted, we had approximately $91 million of liquid assets -- $91 million in liquid assets as compared to the $50 million or $60 million of liquid assets we have historically targeted. With the $91 million of liquid assets plus $410 million to $450 million of excess cash flows expected to be generated in 2023, we anticipate having $500 million to $540 million of assets available to the parent in 2023, of which we anticipate distributing approximately $80 million to $85 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of parent's excess cash flow after the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand and modernization of our information technology and other operational capabilities, as well as to acquire new long-duration assets to fund their future cash needs. The remaining amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program for 2023. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $360 million and $400 million of share repurchases will occur during the year. Now with regard to capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support current ratings. Global Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. For 2022, since our statutory financial statements are not yet finalized, our consolidated RBC ratio is not yet known. However, we anticipate the final 2022 RBC ratio will be near the midpoint of this range without any additional capital contributions. As noted on the previous call, the new NAIC factors became effective in 2022 related to mortality risk, also known as C2. Given the consistent generation of strong statutory gains from insurance operations and given our product portfolio, these new factors will simply result in even stronger capital adequacy at our target RBC ratios. Now I'd like to provide you a few comments related to the impact of excess policy obligations on fourth quarter results. Overall, fourth quarter excess policy obligations were in line with our expectations. In the fourth quarter, the company incurred approximately $5 million of COVID life claims related to approximately 31,000 U.S. COVID deaths occurring in the quarter as reported by the CDC and was in line with expectations. We also incurred excess deaths as compared to those expected based on pre-pandemic levels from non-COVID causes, including deaths due to lung disorders, heart and circulatory issues and neurological disorders. We believe the higher level of mortality we have seen is due in large part to the effects of the pandemic. So, as the number of COVID deaths had moderated, so has the number of deaths from other causes. In the fourth quarter, the impact of excess non-COVID policy -- life policy obligations were generally in line with our expectations at about $6 million. For the full year, the company incurred approximately $49 million of COVID life policy obligations related to approximately 243,000 U.S. COVID deaths, an average of $2 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths. In addition, we estimate non-COVID claims resulted in approximately $69 million of higher policy obligations for the full year. The $118 million combined impact of COVID and higher non-COVID policy obligations was around 4% of total life premium in 2022, down from approximately 6% in 2021. Based on the data we currently have available, we estimate incurring approximately $45 million of total excess life policy obligations from both COVID and non-COVID claims in 2023. We estimate that the total reported U.S. deaths from COVID will be approximately 105,000 at the midpoint of our guidance. Finally, with respect to earnings guidance for 2023. As noted on prior calls, the new accounting standard related to long-duration contracts is effective January 1, 2023. From this point forward, we report 2023 results and guidance under the new accounting requirements. I will do my best to bridge the gap as there are many changes with these new requirements. So, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $10.20 to $10.50 per diluted common share for the year ending December 31, 2023. The $10.35 midpoint of our guidance is lower than what we had indicated last quarter when including the impact of LDTI adoption. The reduction is primarily due to a reduction in the expected impact from the adoption of LDTI as we get more information and have refined our assumptions and estimates impacting both 2022 and 2023. In addition to the lower LDPI impact, we anticipate slightly lower premiums, higher customer lead and agency expenses, as well as higher financing costs, which are reflective of higher short-term yields than previously anticipated. We estimate the after-tax impact of implementing the new accounting standard results in an increase in 2023 net operating income in the range of $105 million to $115 million. We are still in the process of determining the full 2022 results under the new standard. Once finalized, it could affect the 2022 -- 2023 estimated results. Going forward, fluctuations in experience and changes in assumptions will result in changes in both future policy obligations and the amortization of DAC as a percent of premium. The largest driver of the increase is lower amortization of deferred acquisition costs, or DAC, than under the prior accounting standard due to the changes in the treatment of renewal commissions, the elimination of interest on DAC balances, the updating of certain assumptions and the methods of amortizing DAC. Due to the treatment of deferred renewal commissions on amortization in our captive agency channels, we do expect that acquisition costs as a percent of premium will increase slightly over the next few years. In addition to the changes affecting the amortization of DAC, the new accounting standard changes how policy obligations are determined under the new standard, life policy up -- life policyholder benefits reported in 2021 and 2022 will be required to be restated to reflect the new requirements and will include the impact of unlocking and updating prior assumptions. For 2023, absent any assumption changes, we expect the following impacts. Life obligations as a percent of premium will be in the range of 40.5% to 42.5%. This is consistent with the average life policy obligation ratio over the last five years. Health obligations as a percent of health premium will be in the range of 50% to 52%. This is about 3% to 4.5% lower than the average health policy obligation percentage over the last five years. For the life and health lines combined, commissions, amortization and non-deferred acquisition costs as a percent of premium will be in the range of 20% to 21.5%, approximately 8% to 9.5% lower than the recent five-year averages. The resulting life underwriting margin as a percent of premium are expected to be in the range of 37% to 38%, and health underwriting margins as a percent of premium in the range of 28% to 29%. So, offsetting the increases in underwriting income will be a reduction to excess investment income to the elimination of interest accruals on DAC balances that historically have reduced net required interest. In 2022, interest on DAC balances was approximately $260 million. In 2023, this will be zero under the new standards as compared to between $275 million and $285 million of interest accruals on DAC under historical GAAP, that we would have anticipated. In addition, required interest will change due to the changes in reserve balances at transition and restated balances in 2021 and 2022 under the new requirements. We anticipate that required interest in 2023 will be in the range of $910 million to $920 million. With respect to changes in AOCI, we noted in the past few quarters that under the new accounting standard, there is a requirement to remeasure the company's future policy benefits each quarter, utilizing a discount rate that reflects the upper medium grade fixed income instrument yield and affects the changes -- with the effects of the change to be recognized in AOCI, a component of shareholders' equity. The upper medium grade fixed income yields generally consist of single A-rated fixed income instruments at a relative -- reflective of the currency and tenor of the insurance liability cash flows. As of year-end 2022, had the new accounting standard been in place, we anticipate the after-tax impact on AOCI would have decreased reported equity in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. While the GAAP accounting changes will be significant, it's very important to keep in mind that the changes impact the timing of when future profits will be recognized, and that none of the changes will impact our premium rates, the amount of premium we collect or the amount of claims we ultimately pay. Furthermore, it has no impact on the statutory earnings -- statutory capital we're required to maintain for regulatory purposes or the parent company's excess cash flows nor will it cause us to make any changes in the products we offer. Those are my comments. I'll now turn it over to Matt.
A - Matt Darden: Thank you, Tom. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So, I had a question first on direct response sales. They've been weak for the last several quarters. Wondering how much of it is a reduction in your part on mailings and circulations versus just weak consumer demand with higher inflation?
Matt Darden: Yes. It's really on the distribution side. As we've talked about in the past, scaling back our mailings and other print media that's associated with the higher cost these days of the postage in paper. What we're seeing on the consumer side, as I mentioned in my comments, is actually the sale amount on a per policy basis, the premium amount for each sale is actually going up slightly. So that would indicate to me that it's really more of a reduction of that cost in the amount of things that we're distributing, because we are really going to make sure that each one of those mailings and all of our campaigns are profitable. And that's what the benefit is of switching more of our distribution over time to more of the electronic media side versus the sales side. But I do want to remind everyone that the -- all of these channels work together and with the mail does support and drive activity to our other channels such as the call center as well as just online.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, maybe with the economy and inflation overall, there had been concerns about policy retention. And it seems like lapses are now close to historical levels, but do you expect that they'll go up above where they were pre pandemic?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, I think with respect to last level, I mean, you're right, the fourth quarter did really trend favorably versus the third quarter, while they're still higher than 2021. We're actually back to in the fourth quarter around the lapses, the persistency levels pretty much where they were in the fourth quarter of 2019. So, looking forward, I think for the most part, we do think they'll trend back here to pre-pandemic levels during 2023. Probably Direct to Consumer would probably see those maybe sticking around at slightly higher lapse rates than what we've had pre-pandemic, but not that significantly. And Liberty for the most past of first year lasted back to pre-pandemic levels as well.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thanks. And if I could just ask one more on LDTI, obviously, it's affecting the timing of income, GAAP income, it doesn't really change the underlying economics. But do you -- and I'm assuming had you not been growing -- if you don't grow the business at some point in the next several years, it would actually have a negative impact on your results. But how do you think about with normal growth, could you reach a point where LDTI goes from being a tailwind to a drag on your results? Do you see that happening in the next like three, four, five years or so?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Jimmy, we did take a look. I think this is the same question you had asked last year or the last quarter as well...
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes, last quarter.
Frank Svoboda: And did take a look at that. And actually, for that amortization to turn around, it takes -- it's 20, 30 years out there in the future before we end up actually where it's the amortization under the LDTI ends up being greater than what we would have anticipated under historical GAAP. So, it's actually a long ways out there.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. We'll now move to Erik Bass calling from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. So, it looks like recruitings turned nicely at Liberty and Family Heritage, and you're starting to see the growth in the agent count there, but it hasn't come through American Income yet. And I realize the fourth quarter can have some noise with the holidays. I was hoping you just talk more about the trends you're seeing in both recruiting and retention and what steps you're taking to improve those at American Income in 2023.
Matt Darden: Yes. As we had mentioned in the past, there's been some adjustments to the incentive side of the compensation at American Income. Those went in very late in the year and then obviously, is going to continue through 2023. We are seeing -- it's in the early stages, but we are seeing some positive development there. We had, as a reminder, a significant increase in our agent count during the pandemic, went from approximately 7,500 agents to over 10,000. And so, our attrition has been a little bit higher here in the recent quarters than what we would like. And these programs that we've put in place seem to be working. We've got some -- while it's still early, early indications that there's been a turnaround in our retention as well as recruiting efforts at American Income. So, we're positive where that's headed from a 2023 perspective. And as was noted, really feel like that is in our control, because we do have strong agent growth at our two other agencies. And so not really impacted by environmental factors, but really believe this is in our control to maintain.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then, I appreciate all of the color you gave on the LDTI impacts. Just a quick question. When do you expect to release an updated financial supplement with recast financials?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. We would do that along with our first quarter results as our intended plan at this point.
Erik Bass: Got it. So, I guess we shouldn't expect that in advance, so we should kind of model based off of the numbers you walked through on the call?
Tom Kalmbach: Exactly. Yes. When we -- talk again after first quarter, we'll have quite a bit of detail around the impact on the various distribution channels and lines of business. So, that will be the time to talk more about those details.
Frank Svoboda: One of the things, Erik, we have to be a little bit careful about is we can't be releasing some of the numbers on the restated '21 and '22 until it's actually get audited. So, we get into a little bit of a timing, especially around the first quarter. So, as Tom said, that -- we really tend to be able to provide more of the detail on that, as we said later on.
Erik Bass: Got it.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. We'll now move to Mr. Ryan Krueger calling from KBW. Please go ahead, sir.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I guess, I appreciate all the LDTI guidance. My first question is actually ex LDTI. I think last quarter's guidance, which was ex LDTI, had a $9.35 midpoint. If we back out the LDTI impact this quarter, it looks like it's -- the midpoint is more like $9.20. So, just curious if you can give us any perspective on kind of why that ex LDTI guidance seemed to come down a little bit?
Tom Kalmbach: Hey, Ryan, it's Tom. I would say that the midpoint, more like $9.25, so it dropped by about $0.10. And really, the main drivers there are the lower premium growth that we had previously -- that we mentioned. And then, we are seeing a little bit higher lead costs and agency expenses impacted by inflation. As travel starts increasing and as meetings start increasing, and we have some additional training and recruiting costs that were incurred, we just had that pick up a bit. And then, as I mentioned also higher cost on debt given the higher cost for commercial paper, just the rates are a bit higher. And then, given the share repurchase program, just a slightly higher share count than what we had previously estimated in our prior guidance work.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thanks. And then -- no, go ahead.
Frank Svoboda: I'll just say one thing I'd just add on that is with the higher share count, the -- wasn't from the amount that we were anticipating, but just a higher -- with the higher share price that we're at this current time versus where we were back at the time of the last call, obviously, we're just getting fewer shares purchased with the same amount of dollars.
Ryan Krueger: Good. And then, on the free cash flow guidance of $410 million to $450 million, is there some drag in that still from COVID and non-COVID excess claims that occurred in 2022? I'm trying to think about if there would be a further bounce back as we go beyond 2023 to a more normalized level?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The way that we think about that is last year, we had combined -- in 2022, we had combined COVID non-COVID about $118 million. And in '23, we expect about $45 million. So, kind of the difference between those two should result in higher statutory earnings in 2023, which would, therefore, lead to higher dividends to the parent in 2024.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. So, the difference between those two and then tax affected would be basically additive to free cash flow in '24?
Tom Kalmbach: Exactly, yes.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. We'll now move to John Barnidge calling from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. My question is around Direct to Consumer and the mailings. Seems like increased postage and paper cost is more of a secular trend. Are there areas that can be developed beyond just mailings that can be incorporated into the Direct to Consumer marketing efforts?
Matt Darden: Yes. And as I'd mentioned, we're really focused on growing our Internet and electronic media inquiries in -- which results in additional applications and sales. And so that's been the offset is that, as I mentioned in my comments, continue to grow and is much more a significant part of the business than it was just even three or four years ago. So really, that's the offset as we've declined based on profitability in our models, the direct mail operation, we've offset that with an increase on the electronics side. So, overall, those dynamics are going on. But if inflation, depending on how that market dynamic plays out over the next several quarters, we will continue to adjust throughout the year based on the returns that we're seeing in the profitability. So, overall, we want to make sure that we're maintaining our profitability targets on each of these campaigns and we're flexible enough that we can adjust that throughout the year as market conditions warrant.
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you. And a follow-up question. I know the indirect mortality is in the COVID estimate. Is that -- you anticipate tapered over the year or is present an equal level throughout the year? Just trying to dimension if further away that from the pandemic portion of that degrades.
Tom Kalmbach: For 2023, you mean?
John Barnidge: Yes, correct. Thank you.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. So, for 2023, for the -- we expect a little bit higher COVID deaths in the first quarter than we would for the third -- second, third and fourth quarter. So that's -- we do kind of think that will be front-loaded a little bit during the course of '23.
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Next question will come from Mr. Andrew Kligerman calling from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. First question is around American Income. And completely understand kind of 2023 being kind of a digestion period of having 10,000 producers. As you go into this new incentive strategy, just different initiatives, do you think in 2024, and I know it's early for guidance, but is there a reason to believe you'll kind of get back on track to that kind of mid-single-digit producer growth, maybe mid-upper single-digit sales growth? I mean, is there any reason to believe you can't get there in '24 that maybe it will take longer?
Matt Darden: No, that's a great question as we do believe we can get back there. As a reminder, agent count and average agent count for the quarters is a leading indicator, and it takes time to get these new agents onboarded, trained and producing. And then, obviously, the longer they've been here, the more effective they are from a production perspective. And so, that's why you'll see in our guidance as we have growth projected on the agent count side, but the sales are lagging that a little bit and more toward flat. We do believe that we can get to middle management growth in 2023 that will drive that longer term growth in -- on the sales side in '24. We also anticipate opening three to five offices in American Income over this next year, and that too will set us up for good growth in 2024. And I also wanted to just clarify, when we talk about compensation adjustments, there's two primary components to the compensation for agents. One is just the base commission on sales. And then, we also have incentive-based compensation that's targeted at specific behavior. And we do that throughout our history. So, when we talk about changing the compensation we're really not changing the total amount of compensation that is in our overall pricing and profitability targets, but really, we're targeting two specific activities and behavior that we're trying to influence. So, I just wanted to clarify that overall, our compensation and acquisition costs are going to be consistent with what we've experienced in the past.
Andrew Kligerman: Super helpful. Shifting over to the health lines, particularly United American with sales down 25%, and I think that was due to pressures not only in MedSup, but also like Med Advantage gaining share. We look at a number of companies, the online players, some of them are subs of the other insurers we cover. And many of them seem to be pulling back in that kind of online Medicare Advantage product. And so, as I look at United American down in the agency channel, I'm wondering, a, where is the competition coming from? And -- yes, I guess, it's just where is the competition coming from as I kind of think the players seem to be getting more disciplined?
Matt Darden: Yes. I'll say what we saw throughout 2022 was just more aggressive pricing by certain competitors. And we're focused on maintaining our profitability targets and underwriting margins in this area, and we're really not going to chase the sales, so to speak. But -- and we are also seeing and experiencing a movement toward Medicare Advantage plans as well. I'll say that we've been in this business since the program started, and we've seen these market dynamics happen over time. And so, we anticipate that some of that will abate as we move forward. But Mike, do you want to add anything to that? You've been running this area for quite some time.
Mike Majors: Yes. I think while there may have been some that have pulled back, I mean, overall, we are seeing movement into Medicare Advantage plans. And in this line of business, there's big carriers or small carriers. The cost of entry is low, because it's not a capital-intensive business. So, I couldn't speak to which are particularly pulling back or not. But overall, there is a move on the group side and individual side, Medicare Advantage plans. I think the current economic environment contribute to that. I would assume that people are more willing now to give up the benefits of a Medicare supplement plan that doesn't have provider network [indiscernible] or referral requirements to go to a cheaper managed care. And as Matt said, we've been in this business since Medicare started in the '60s. We've seen these swings back and forth over the years. So, it's not really unusual or surprising. We're going to maintain that distant approach. That said, it's to protect our margins. It's also to protect our customers. We want to avoid having higher than necessary renewal rate increases. We've never been the lowest cost provider here. We think that's fair to the customer to have the right price and have reasonable rate increases. And the other thing to remember is that price of this business -- the price we have in our new business is the same as our renewals. So, it's not like we can go in and have lower new business prices because if we were to do that, that would impact the profitability of our in-force block, which is the United American [Technical Difficulty] around $500 million. So, again, it's something that we've seen before and again, not particularly surprising.
Andrew Kligerman: And just to kind of a little further clarification on this, so you're seeing the competition across agencies and online. And is there any interest [Technical Difficulty] in terms of kind of transitioning to more Medicare Advantage products as opposed MedSup?
Mike Majors: I'm sorry. There was a lot of background noise. Could you repeat that?
Andrew Kligerman: Absolutely. So, in terms of distribution competitors, is it pretty much across agency and online? And then, with that, is Globe likely to pivot more to Med Advantage as opposed to historically being in the MedSub area?
Mike Majors: Matt, do you want to take that or you want...
Matt Darden: Sure.
Mike Majors: Okay.
Matt Darden: Let me start. I'll say we don't have plans to pivot into the Medicare Advantage area. I think the competition is coming from all pass. We do have a little bit of our sales that are online as well. So, we do see the competition in the pricing, in the agency and online channels. A bulk of our sales are in the agency [Technical Difficulty] business. So, Mike, do you want to add to that?
Mike Majors: Sure. I think the Medicare Advantage, we don't use networks for one and that would be something that -- that'd be a big change for us. And it's just -- it's not a line of business that we've been in, and I know we considered a long time ago. At one time, we were in the Part D plan, which is similar, and we exited that. And it's something that we wouldn't want to do. It's really, I think, harder for smaller players to do that and to get involved with the Medicare Advantage and Part D. I don't think that undertaking would make sense for us.
Andrew Kligerman: Seems like a thoughtful approach as usual.
Operator: Does that answer your question, Mr. Kligerman?
Andrew Kligerman: Absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. We'll now take a question from Mr. Mark Hughes calling from Truist. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Excuse me, good morning. I don't know if you touched on the [Technical Difficulty] Is there anything about the LDTI accounting standard that impacts your growth on a go-forward basis? You, obviously, got a nice EPS benefit this year. But just the timing and the emergence of profitability, is it changed over time so that there's a natural acceleration or deceleration perhaps as time goes by, that will impact your kind of trend line growth rate in future years?
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, I'll answer that one. Probably the one thing as we think about the implementation of LDTI is the treatment of future deferrals of renewal commissions. So, to the extent that a portion of renewal commissions are deferred, the new rules require us now to -- in historical gap, we would look at all anticipated future renewal commissions and determine an amortization rate, that was an average that was needed to amortize both the first year capitalized expenses as well as future renewal capitalized expenses. Under the new method, we're only allowed to -- as we capitalize, we're only -- we are forced to change the amortization rate upon each additional capitalization. And so, for our AIL line of business, we do have some renewal commissions that we capitalize. And we had kind of talked last quarter that for the block, we'd expect kind of a 50 basis point increase in amortization. That's really driven by two things. One is, we have a mix of business where -- we don't have any DAC on some of the business. And on the other business we have DAC that is being amortized. So, as the block that we don't have any DAC on where we fully amortize it with as that runs off, the average amortization rate goes up. But the other is that as we get new renewals, commissions that are deferred on AIL, we'll see the amortization rate tick up a little bit. In aggregate, we'd see probably that amortization rate tick up around 20 basis points to 30 basis points over the next few years and then kind of even out and that increase would diminish over time as we put new business on the books.
Frank Svoboda: And Mark, the one thing I would just add to that is, I think, really other than that, and other than assumption changes that might come through from time to time, I would expect once it kind of gets reset, then that the general level of growth rate should be somewhat similar.
Mark Hughes: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hughes. [Operator Instructions] We do not appear to have any further questions at this time, gentlemen. I'd like to turn the call back over to you, Mr. Mota, for any additional or closing remarks.
Stephen Mota: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude this conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day, and goodbye.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Q3 2022 Globe Life Inc. Earnings Call. My name is Jess and I will be your coordinator for todays event. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to your host, Mike Majors, to begin todays call. Thank you.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; Matt Darden, our Chief Strategy Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2021 10-K and the subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Before we get into the third quarter results, I want to note our separate announcement yesterday that Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden have been appointed as Co-CEOs effective January 1, 2023. Gary and I will continue to serve as Co-Chairman of the Board. We are very pleased to hand the rights over to Frank and Matt. You may recall that in April of this year, we appointed them to the newly created title of Senior Executive Vice President to reflect their significant contributions and leadership. As noted in the announcement, Frank and Matt bring a vast range of experience and skill sets to the company. Yesterdays announcement is the conclusion of a long-planned succession strategy that is a result of a thoughtful and deliberate process undertaken by the board. We believe this outcome best positions Globe Life for the next chapter of growth and value creation, while ensuring that our executive leadership structure continues in a way that allows us to best serve all our stakeholders, including our employees, agents, policyholders, as well as our shareholders. Larry and I, along with the Board, look forward to this transition. And with that, Id like to begin the discussion of the third quarter results. In the third quarter, net income was $187 million or $1.90 per share, compared to $189 million or $1.84 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $211 million or $2.15 per share, an increase of 21% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 11.2% and book value per share is $44.56. Excluding unrealized losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 13.1%, and book value per share is $62.01, up 9% from a year ago. In the life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $755 million. Life underwriting margin was $208 million, up 28% from a year ago. The increase in margin is due to improved claims experience. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4.5%. And at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to be up around 23%, due primarily to a decline in COVID and excess mortality for the full year. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 7% to $319 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $80 million. For the year, we expect health premium to grow around 6%. And at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to be up around 5%. Administrative expenses were $75 million for the quarter, up 10% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 7% compared to 6.6% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up around 11% and be around 6.9% of premium, due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, employee costs and the addition of the Globe Life Benefits division. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I would like to echo your comments about the appointments of Frank and Matt as the next Co-CEOs of Globe Life. Frank and Matt have worked closely with Gary and me over the past several years and helped develop and execute the companys strategy. They have a rapport that will ensure the Co-CEO structure continues to best serve Globe Lifes employees, agency owners, industry force, policyholders and shareholders. I look forward to working closely with Gary, Frank and Matt over the coming weeks to help facilitate a seamless transition. Looking at the quarter, at American Income Life, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $378 million, and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $128 million. The higher underwriting margin was primarily due to improved claims experience. In the third quarter of 2022, net life sales were $76 million, up 4%. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 9,477, down 5% in the year ago quarter and down 2% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 9,441. The decline in average agent count resulted from higher-than-expected attrition. While agent count is down, I am confident regarding the long-term growth potential of this agency. Regardless of economic conditions, American Income will grow over time because we sell coverage the customers that are vastly underserved market really need. We can generate sustainable agency growth over the long term because we have more than 60 years of experience with American Income distribution and its products. As we have said before, agency growth is typically a stair step process. Its best to compare agent counts over multiple years to evaluate agency growth. Liberty National Life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $82 million, and life underwriting margin was up 17% to $19 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher premium and improved claims experience. Net life sales increased 2% to $19 million, and net health sales were $7 million, up 5% from the year ago quarter, primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,784, up 3% from the year ago quarter and up 3% compared to the second quarter. The producing agent count of Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,852. We are pleased by the continued growth of Liberty National. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 6% in the year ago quarter to $92 million and health underwriting margin increased 1% to $25 million. Net health sales were up 14% to $22 million due to both increased agent count and agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,233, up 7% from the year ago quarter and up 5% compared to the second quarter. I previously indicated that Family Heritage will concentrate on recruiting, and we are seeing the results from those efforts. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,302. We continue to be encouraged by the sales and recruiting trends at Family Heritage. In our direct-to-consumer division of Globe Life, life premiums were up 1% from the year ago quarter to $243 million, and life underwriting margin increased from $12 million to $39 million. The increase in the underwriting margin is primarily due to improved claims experience. Net life sales were $29 million, down 13% for the year ago quarter due to lower response rates and lower paid initial premium. As a reminder, direct-to-consumer provides reduced premium introductory offers and we do not record a sale until the first full premium is received. As I have mentioned in previous calls, sales in this division are impacted by the record inflation we are seeing. Our typical direct-to-consumer customer is in a lower income bracket than our agency customers and generally has less discretionary income to purchase or retain insurance. Weve also had to reduce our circulation and mailings as increases in postage and paper costs impede our ability to achieve a satisfactory return on our investment for specific marketing campaigns. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 13% over the year-ago quarter to $134 million, and health underwriting margin increased 12% to $20 million. Net health sales were $13 million, up 11% compared to the year ago quarter. We now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2022 to be in the following ranges: American Income Life, a decline of 4% to a decline of 1%; Liberty National, an increase of 3% to 7%; Family Heritage, an increase of 13% to 22%. Net life sales included in our guidance are as follows: American Income Life for the full year 2022, an increase of 8% to 12%; for the full year 2023, relatively flat. It is difficult to predict sales activity this early, and it is a tough comparable for next year due to the very strong sales weve had in the last few years. Liberty National: for the full year 2022, an increase of 6% to 8%; for the full year 2023, a high single-digit increase, direct-to-consumer for the full year 2022, a decrease of 17% to a decrease of 13%; for the full year 2023, relatively flat. Net life sales are projected for 2023 and are incorporated into our projections of a 4% to 5% growth in total life premiums for the full year 2023. Net health sales included in our guidance are as follows: Liberty National for the full year 2022, an increase of 6% to 8%; for the full year 2023, a high single-digit increase. Family Heritage for the full year 2022 an increase of 11% to 13%; for the full year 2023, high single-digit growth. United American individual Medicare Supplement for the full year 2022, a decrease of 14% to a decrease of 8%; for the full year 2023, low single-digit growth. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $56 million, down 5% from the year ago quarter. On a per share base, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was down 2%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline between 1% and 2%, but to be up around 3% on a per share basis. After 3 consecutive years of declining excess investment income, we expect to see growth in 2023 of 10% to 12%, due primarily to the impact of higher interest rates on the investment portfolio. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter, we invested $431 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial and municipal sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.56%, an average rating of A and an average life of 18 years. We also invested $21 million in limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.17%, down 4 basis points from a year ago, but up 1 basis point from the end of the second quarter. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was 5.18%. Invested assets were $19.8 billion, including $18.2 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $17.6 billion are an investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- same as a year ago. Our investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $2.2 billion due to the higher treasury rates and spreads. We are not concerned with the unrealized loss position as it is primarily interest rate driven. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB are 52% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 54% from the year-ago quarter. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs, and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns, due in large part to our ability to hold the securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment grade bonds are $543 million compared to $782 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 3%. This is as long as this ratio has been for more than 20 years. Below investment grade bonds plus bonds rated BBB are 55% of fixed maturities, the lowest ratio it has been in 8 years. Overall, we are comfortable with the quality of our portfolio. During 2022, we have executed some minor repositioning of the fixed maturity portfolio to improve yield and quality. In the last two quarters, we sold approximately $324 million of fixed maturities with an average rating of BBB and reinvested the proceeds in higher-yielding securities with an average rating of A+. Because we primarily invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe we are well-positioned not only to withstand market downturn, but also to be opportunistic and purchase higher yielding securities in such a scenario. I would also mention that we have no direct investments in Ukraine or Russia and do not expect any material impact to our investments in multinational companies that have exposure to these countries. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2022, we expect to invest approximately $1.4 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.1% and approximately $200 million in limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average yield of 7.9%. Also at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect the yield on the fixed maturity portfolio to be around 5.16% for the full year in 2022 and 5.19% in 2023. While the expected increase is just 3 basis points, it is noteworthy and encouraging as this will be the first time we have seen the portfolio yield increase since 2008. As we have said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact on our future policy benefits since they are not interest sensitive. Now before turning to Frank to review the financials, we want to invite Matt to say a few words.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Larry and Gary, for the kind comments. As the Chief Strategy Officer, I have a deep understanding of our marketplace and an appreciation for the operations and teams driving the success of Globe Life. I am humbled to be chosen as one of the next Co-CEOs of Globe Life along with Frank. I believe we bring a strong and well-rounded approach that will help deliver on our value creation objectives for the long-term. While we will continue to adapt to change and modernize our operations, I am a firm believer in Globes unique business model and I am excited to continue the successful execution of our strategy. I look forward to sharing more as we progress throughout next year. Frank?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I am excited to work with Matt as we engage more deeply together in Globe Lifes strategies, both financial and operational, and to capitalize on the many opportunities we have for continued growth. I am confident that our collective knowledge of the business and its functions will help continue Globe Lifes success and history of shareholders value creation. I share Matts view on our business model. It has served the company very well over the years, and I firmly believe that it provides us the best opportunity to succeed in the future. I look forward to hitting the ground running as Co-CEO and getting even more involved in the business through the transition period and beyond. Now looking at the quarter, let me spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. In the third quarter, the company repurchased 564,000 shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of $56 million at an average share price of $99.43. For the full year through September 30, we have utilized approximately $279 million of cash to purchase 2.8 million shares at an average price of $98.46. The parent ended the third quarter with liquid assets of approximately $141 million, down from $318 million in the prior quarter. The decrease is primarily due to the redemption in September of the $300 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.8% senior notes. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will generate additional excess cash flow during the remainder of 2022. The parent companys excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt. We anticipate the parent companys excess cash flow for the full year will be approximately $360 million, of which approximately $32 million will be generated in the fourth quarter of 2022. This amount of excess cash flows, which again, is before the payment of dividends to shareholders, is lower than the $450 million received in 2021, primarily due to higher COVID life losses in 2021, plus the nearly 15% growth in our exclusive agency sales, both of which resulted in lower statutory income in 2021, and thus lower cash flows to the parent in 2022. Taking into account the liquid assets of $141 million at the end of the third quarter, plus $32 million of excess cash flows expected to be generated in the fourth quarter, we will have approximately $173 million of assets available to the parent for the remainder of the year, out of which we anticipate distributing approximately $20 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments. The remaining amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital within our insurance operations and to maintain the share repurchase program for the remainder of the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of parents excess cash flows along with the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to fully fund new insurance policies, expansion and modernization of our information technology and other operational capabilities, and acquisition of new long-duration assets to fund their future cash needs. As discussed on prior calls, we have historically targeted $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets to be held as the parent. We will continue to evaluate potential capital needs, and should there be excess liquidity, we anticipate the company will return such excess to the shareholders. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate approximately $415 million will be returned to shareholders in 2022, including approximately $335 million through share repurchases. With regard to the capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. For 2021, our consolidated RBC ratio was 315%, providing approximately $85 million of capital over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. During 2022, the NAIC is adopting new RBC factors related to longevity and mortality risks, also known as C2 factors. While the longevity risk factors that primarily relate to life contingent annuities will have little impact on our subsidiaries, the higher mortality factors will apply to our products and will increase our company action level required capital by approximately $30 million or about 5% of our required capital. We believe the conservative statutory reserve levels held for our life insurance products already provide for very strong capital levels. Given the consistent generation of strong statutory gains from operations from our product portfolio, these new factors will simply result in even stronger capital adequacy at our target RBC ratios. At this time, while we do not anticipate that any additional capital will be required to maintain the low end of our targeted RBC ratio, the parent company does have sufficient liquid assets available should additional capital be required to maintain our targeted levels. Now Id like to provide a few comments related to the impact of excess policy obligations on third quarter results. In the third quarter, the company incurred approximately $7.6 million of COVID life claims related to approximately 40,000 U.S. COVID deaths occurring in the quarter as reported by the CDC. However, these incurred claims were fully offset by favorable true-up of COVID life claims incurred in prior quarters. Based on the additional clients payment data we now have available, we estimate that our average cost per 10,000 U.S. deaths in the third quarter was approximately $1.9 million, down from the $2.8 million average cost previously estimated on our last call, consistent with the shift in COVID deaths toward older ages in recent quarters. Year-to-date through September 30, we have incurred approximately $44 million in COVID life claims on approximately 215,000 U.S. COVID deaths as reported by the CDC or an average of $2 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths. This average cost is similar to the average cost of our COVID life claims in 2020 and much lower than in 2021. As a result of downward revisions for prior quarters in both the number of U.S. deaths reported by the CDC and our average cost per 10,000 U.S. deaths, the net COVID life claims reported in the third quarter were not significant overall or at any of the individual distributions. As stated on prior calls, we also continue to incur excess deaths as compared to those expected based on pre-pandemic levels from non-COVID causes, including deaths due to lung disorders, heart and circulatory issues, and neurological disorders. We believe the higher level of mortality we have seen is due in large part to the pandemic. As the number of COVID deaths has moderated, so has the number of deaths from other causes. In the third quarter, we estimate that our excess non-COVID life policy obligations were approximately $15 million, down from $28 million in the second quarter. For the full year, we anticipate that our excess life policy obligations will be approximately $70 million or around 2% of our total life premium. Substantially, all of these higher obligations relate to the direct-to-consumer channel. With respect to our earnings guidance for 2022, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $8 to $8.20 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The $8.10 midpoint is consistent with the guidance provided last quarter. For the full year and at the midpoint of our guidance, we now estimate we will incur approximately $50 million of COVID life claims. This estimate assumes approximately 35,000 U.S. COVID deaths in the fourth quarter at an average cost per 10,000 deaths of approximately $1.9 million. While our estimated COVID losses are lower than we previously anticipated, our estimate of total excess clients from all causes of death has remained largely consistent with last quarter. For the year ending December 31, 2023, excluding the impact of the adoption of the new LDTI standard, we anticipate that our guidance that our excess mortality will be substantially reduced from 2022 levels. While still very early and levels of claims activity in the fourth quarter could influence our views, at the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate total excess obligations will be around 1.5% of life premium, down from approximately 4% expected in 2022. This includes an estimated $20 million relating to COVID, which we currently anticipate will exist in an endemic state through 2023. Due to the reduced impact of excess mortality in 2023, we anticipate our life underwriting margins, again, before any impact of the new LDTI accounting, to grow in the 13% to 17% range, and be approximately 27% to 29% of life premium. Driven by the anticipated growth in life underwriting margin and the favorable impact of higher interest rates on excess investment income noted by Gary, we estimate our 2023 net operating earnings will be in the range of $9 to $9.70 under current accounting guidance, representing 15% growth at the midpoint of the range. As noted on prior calls, we will adopt on January 1, 2023, the new LDTI accounting guidance relating to long-duration contracts. Under the new standard, we expect our GAAP earnings will be higher in 2023 than what would be reported under existing guidance. The largest driver of the increase is lower amortization of deferred acquisition costs, or DAC, than under current guidance due to changes in the treatment of renewal commissions, the treatment of interest on DAC balances, the updating of certain assumptions, and the methods of amortizing DAC. Due to the treatment of deferred renewal commissions in our captive agency channel, we do expect that acquisition costs as a percent of premium will increase slightly in the first few years after adoption. In addition to the changes affecting the amortization of DAC, the new guidance changes the manner in which policy obligations are determined. Under the new guidance, life policyholder benefits reported for 2021 and 2022 will be required to be restated to reflect the new guidance and are expected to be significantly lower in those years than under the current guidance due to the treatment of COVID life claims and other fluctuations in claims experience as well as changes in assumptions in those years. This is expected to result in slightly higher policy benefits as a percent of premium in 2023 than what would otherwise be expected under current guidance. Overall, we currently estimate that the changes required from the adoption of the new LDTI guidance will increase 2023 net operating income after tax in the range of $105 million to $130 million, almost all of which relates to the lower amount of DAC amortization. Of course, 2022 is not yet complete and actual sales, claims experience, and other events in the fourth quarter this year could impact our assumptions and projected impact of 2023 results. Going forward, fluctuations in experience and changes in assumptions will result in changes in both future policy obligations and amortization of DAC as a percent of premium. With respect to changes in the balance sheet and AOCI, we noted last quarter that the new guidance adopts the new requirement to remeasure the companys future policy benefits each quarter, utilizing a discount rate that reflects upper medium grade, fixed income instrument yields with the effect of the change to be recognized in AOCI, a component of shareholders equity. The upper medium grade fixed income instrument yield generally consists of single A-rated fixed income instruments that are reflective of the currency and tenor of the insurance liability cash flows. The expected impact of the adoption of the new guidance with the transition date for January 1, 2023, will be an after-tax decrease in AOCI of $7.5 billion to $8.5 billion. Since that time, our weighted average discount rate has increased and we estimate that the after-tax impact on AOCI at September 30, 2022, all else being equal, but using current discount rates as of the end of the third quarter, would be only approximately $1 billion to $1.6 billion. While the GAAP accounting changes will be significant, it is very important to keep in mind that the changes impact the timing of when our future profits will be recognized and that none of the changes will impact our premium rates, the amount of premiums we collect, nor the amount of claims we ultimately pay. Furthermore, it has no impact on statutory earnings, the statutory capital we are required to maintain for regulatory purchases, or the parents excess cash flows. Nor will it cause us to make any changes in the products we offer. As such, the accounting change will in no way modify the way we think about or manage our business. Before I turn the call back to Larry, I want to once again thank Gary and Larry for their many years of service to Torchmark and Globe Life. While both of them have been part of these earnings calls for a number of years, I would be remiss if I didnt point out that Gary has participated in every earnings call since February of 1995, a string of 112 straight quarters. Truly impressive. It has been a pleasure working with both of them, and I think they have done a remarkable job.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. And before I get into my questions, I just wanted to say, Gary and Larry, its been nice working with you guys. I was going to say happy retirement, but I guess thats not appropriate. And good luck, Frank, and Matt as well. So I had a question first on just the recruiting and retention environment with the sort of tight labor market. And we saw your agent count actually at American Income was down, but should we assume that its going to be challenging to grow the agent count in the near-term if the labor market does remain tight?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I dont think its from the tight labor market. American Income actually had a strong recruiting quarter with 6% growth in recruits over the prior year, but we had higher terminations than expected. We addressed this with restructuring compensation and middle management bonuses to address agent retention. I think the other factor here is that if you look at the other two agencies, they have had growth in the agency this year. The other two agencies have had growth in the middle management. But for the year, middle management is projected at Family Heritage to increase by 5% to 8%; 3% to 6% in Liberty National, but middle management will be flat in American Income. It was really not economic conditions or the labor market that affects recruiting. Its really the real drivers of recruiting, once a company develops middle management, we open new offices, we provide better technology and sales support for the field.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on sales and direct response, can you talk about whats driving the weakness there? And what your outlook is?
Gary Coleman: I see the weakness there has really been inflation. As weve talked about in the past, the sales levels there are dependent on our circulation, our mailings and the Internet traffic. If you look for the year, our expectation is that insert media decreased 6% to 10%, insert circulation decreased about 9% to 10%, and inquiries are flat or up 3%, and mailing volumes are down 8% to 11% for 2022. This really is a result of inflation. Weve had an increase in the cost of paper and increase in the cost of postage and those increases affect the above items I referred to, because you dont have a return on investment for the lower producing segments of that business. And I think as this inflation lessens, hopefully, with recession, or higher interest rates, as we see the costs stabilize, I would expect that sales would also stabilize in 2023.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And just lastly, for Frank, on LDTI, obviously, there is a benefit because of amortization that you mentioned on earnings in the near-term. How should we think about when that benefit becomes more of a headwind in the sense that if you like it there versus your normal amortization expense under the new accounting goes, the amortization expense would be higher. Is that like in the next  like if you could frame, like next 5 to 10 years or longer or shorter than that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, Im not sure if at what point it actually becomes a strain, because as we start putting on new business and you start thinking about the treatment of renewal commissions, we know that its going to be probably an increase in the DAC amortization percent as a percentage of premium, somewhere maybe 0.5% a year for the first few years and some of that as we start having to capitalize the renewal commissions and getting that into the strain. But then as we start putting on new business and that has lower initial commissions that are getting capitalized, there will be a point that it will start to stabilize. I dont have right now exactly when that will be or if we actually get to the point to where, if you will, worse than current guidance.
Jimmy Bhullar: But it should  like I think as we look into future years and some of the in-force runs off, the tailwind at a minimum should abate, right, even if with growth, it never becomes a headwind.
Frank Svoboda: At some point, it seems logical, just not sure exactly if thats in  at this point in time, we havent gotten quite far enough along to see where that really  if that will occur or if it even will occur, yes. If you look at that, we should be able to give some more guidance on that as we get a little bit further along on this and kind of really finalize our 22 and start to look a bit longer, we can take a look at that.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Wilma Burdis from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wilma Burdis: Hi, this is Wilma. Congratulations to the Co-CEOs. Actually, my first question is, could you provide some rationale behind keeping the Co-CEO structure with Gary and Larry retiring?
Matt Darden: Do you want to answer that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Matt and I can touch on that. The arrangement has worked out really well, we believe, for Globe Life and the teamwork that Gary and Larry have been able to demonstrate. And then really the structure that they put together here from an executive management team at Globe has been set up very well under them. And it really seems logical for us to be able to maintain that existing structure in order to maintain that continuity going forward. So it is something that Matt and I really talked about with our willingness and ability to really work together, but thought that its really in the best interest of the organization to make that structure continue to work.
Matt Darden: Yes. Frank, I was going to say, it continues with the existing management structure thats in place, minimal disruption to that, and were focused on continuing to execute our strategy in the best way we see fit, and this structure seems to support that.
Wilma Burdis: That sounds great. The other question about share repurchases. So it seems like the capital position at the end of the year is going to be pretty high, especially with no need to put capital in the subs for the C2 charges. So is that  I think the current guidance implies about $55 million of share repurchases in 4Q. So should we expect a higher number?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We are anticipating right now at the midpoint of our guidance at $55 million, $56 million in that range. We will take a look at where  there are a few moving parts, the C2 charges being one of them. Also, we havent completed yet our third quarter statutory financial statements. So we will rely on those to kind of get a better sense of what our actual statutory income and capital will be at the end of the year. If it does turn out that we dont need any additional amount of capital as of the end of the year, I would anticipate potential  some of that could come out before the end of the year, if not, wed anticipated coming out in 2023.
Wilma Burdis: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much, and congrats again as well. My first question, on the lapse activity, continue to increase and I know were going back to probably the pre-COVID experience. Can you maybe just mention, is it inflationary or recent product? Maybe as an example, is lapse activity for 20 and 21 sold products higher than 18 and 19 sold product was in the first and second years after sale. Thank you.
Gary Coleman: Excuse me, what were saying is were seeing a slightly higher lapse rates when compared to the 2018, 19 period. They are quite a bit higher when you compare to 20 and 21. But those 2 years we had very, very favorable lapse rates, that was unusual. We think that  what we know is that the higher lapse rates are primarily in policy years 1 through 3. Once we get past that, the lapses are either at or near the historical levels. We think one reason for that is people that bought policies in 2020, 21, with COVID down less, they may think they dont need the coverage. We think thats certainly a factor. But also, we think that inflation is having some impact as well. But if we look back in the past history, if we look back into 2010, 11 period, when it was a down economy, we had a little bit of a spike in lapses there, but it didnt last long. This spike isnt as much as what we experienced back then, and we think too that at some point it will get back to what we call normal lapses. I will say at the midpoint of our guidance for 2023, we assume that over the course of the year that we will move back to what we would call historical levels of lapsation. We dont know for sure. Thats our best guess at this point.
John Barnidge: Thats fantastic color. And then my follow-up question. Cant help but notice, as it relates to the 2023 guidance, its initially $0.70 wide. A year ago, it was initially $0.80 wide. How should we be thinking about this narrowing in light of maybe the pandemic being endemic? And then within that, with the LDTI guide, are you wanting us to maybe model towards that, or just have an understanding around the parallel guidance? Thank you.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. With respect to kind of the range, we did bring it in a little bit from where we were at this point in time last year. You feel there is a little bit better certainty around COVID and some of the impacts of COVID and feel more comfortable with it being in endemic state and what the impact of that really may mean. Still some fluctuation, we still left a little wider, if you will, than weve had in some years in the past, pre-COVID, again, kind of recognizing some of the uncertainty around new variants and such that potentially could pop up. With respect to the LDTI, the range kind of that $105 million to $130 million after tax, really more intended to be kind of our estimate at this point in time, more in the middle, if you will, of the range. There is still a lot of moving parts, but I wanted to get some sense to all on what we kind of see as being that net income impact for 23. We dont really anticipate that broadening the range that we need to have. And so that variability, if you will, that I have from the impact of the LDTI, we think that really will be  will fit within that overall range that we provided under the old guidance.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping you could talk about what you are assuming for 2023 free cash flow and what your guidance assumes for share repurchases next year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Its still a little bit early with respect to coming up with our excess cash flows for next year. We do anticipate them being a little bit  or our share repurchases anyway at the midpoint of our guidance being a little bit higher than where we were this year. If you recall that, as I have noted earlier, we had about $360 million overall of excess cash flows before our shareholder dividends. We had around $80 million of shareholder dividends here in 2022. So, after that, it was like $280 million, thats essentially available for buybacks in 2022. We do anticipate our statutory earnings in 2022 will be higher and at the end of the day, having share buyback is probably a little bit north of where we were this year.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And I guess should we think of  I mean as your kind of COVID claims normalize and sales get to sort of a more normal growth cadence that your free cash flow should kind of on a lagged basis get back to kind of where it had been previously over the next couple of years?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think thats fair to say. We would anticipate, clearly, as it would appear, we have got one more year here of normalization, if you will, of the COVID claims, and we would expect next year to be lower than what we anticipated this year. So, I do anticipate that excess cash flow more normalizing at that point in time.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then if I could just ask one on the investment or excess investment income. I think you are guiding to 10% to 12% growth next year. So, just hoping to get a little bit more color on the driving pieces of that. I think you talked about the portfolio yield being up 3 basis points and just maybe a little bit of change in interest expense, but any other moving pieces we should think about?
Gary Coleman: Well, Erik, first of all, on the investment income side, we are thinking it will be up around 5% to 6%. And that is because of the higher yields on the fixed maturities, but also higher yields on the long-term investments that we have. And thats a 5% increase, when in the past couple of years we have had about a 3% increase in investment income. So, thats definitely a factor. But also on the required interest, this year, it will be between 4% and 5%. We are thinking next year that will be a little bit lower, as I say, the 4% range. And also on the interest expense, interest expense is higher this year because of the negative carry that we had. We will go back to a more normal increase in interest expense. So, the higher increase in investment income and the lower increases in required interest and interest on debt is whats  when you add all that up, thats where you come up to the 10% to 12% increase.
Erik Bass: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. Thanks. Good morning and congrats everyone on the succession plan. I just had a few questions on guidance items for 2023 that I dont think you had given yet. Can you give us the expected growth in health underwriting margin and health premiums in 2023?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Ryan, we anticipate health underwriting  excuse me, health premiums to be up in that 3% to 5% range. And then really anticipate the underwriting margin to probably be flat to up 2% or 3%, large part life, a little lower decrease in the underwriting margin from the increase in premium that we have experienced some favorable experience on the health side, especially Family Heritage here the last couple of years. We see that normalizing just a little bit. We probably expect Family Heritage to not be quite as high of an underwriting margin next year as it did this year and just kind of coming back on just a little bit. So, we dont see the underwriting margin growing quite as much as the premium.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then what are you expecting admin expenses to grow in 2023?
Frank Svoboda: Right now, we are anticipating admin expenses to grow only around 2% and being around 6.8% or 6.9% of premium, kind of the low impact  reason for the low growth, if you will, that with the higher interest rate. Our pension expense is also expected to decrease in 2023 from where it was this year. And so without that, that increase would have been a little bit higher.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then just one last one. On the life underwriting margin, you guided to 27% to 29%. And I think that includes 150 basis point drag from excess policy obligations. I guess that would suggest something more like 28% to 30% or even a little bit above that if they were fully normalized. I think thats a couple of 100 basis points or 200 basis points higher than it was pre-pandemic. So, just curious if you had any commentary on kind of whats driven up your normalized margin expectations in the life business?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I mean I think thats right. I mean generally, I would say kind of at the midpoint of all that, it kind of points to around 29%, if you will, under the  if we didnt have the excess obligations and really kind of the difference is that because of the higher premium that we have had with the favorable persistency and sales growth  premium growth that we had in 20 and 21, our amortization overall as a percentage of that premium is about 1% lower than what it was under pre-pandemic level. So, that kind of takes us from  right before the pandemic, we were around 28%, kind of at the midpoint of that, then as of the excess obligations kind of points to 29%.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Good morning. I reach the last many good morning. First, big congrats to Matt and Frank, and I am expecting the continued excellence that we have seen under Garys and Larrys leadership. So, maybe jumping into the questions, and I think following on to what Ryan was asking a moment ago. I am thinking about the excess non-COVID mortality. And clarify for me because I might be off. But I think the guidance for the year 2022 was $64 million. It appears you have bumped it up to $70 million. And then if I look at the $50 million of it in the first half of the year, another $15 million this year  in the third quarter rather, then when we get to the fourth quarter, we are only going to expect about $5 million of excess non-COVID-19 mortality. And then based on that, if thats not a lot, let me just get to 23. You talked about the 1.5%. And if $20 million of that is COVID, then that would imply just a mere $28 million of non-COVID for all of next year. So, it sounds like you are expecting that this kind of indirect impact from COVID to really subside as we work through next year. So, a lot to pack in. Am I right on 22  23 number? And do you really expect it will really dissipate as we get through? Thank you.
Frank Svoboda: Andrew, your numbers are really good. You are exactly right in that. We had the $15 million. We are anticipating around $70 million for the full year, and kind of pointed that $5 million. And then it is somewhere in that $25 million to $30 million range, what we kind of anticipate for 2023 on the non-COVID excess piece. Really do anticipate, in large case, just to an expectation right now that COVID is kind of in that endemic state. We have kind of pointed that maybe 3x the flu rate kind of pointing to 105,000 deaths or so in 2023. And so that has the impact in our minds of tampering both the COVID losses as well as the non-COVID losses down. I will also note that if we kind of look at the trends of it, that out of the $15 million in Q3, about $4 million of that related to some prior quarters. So, if we are kind of putting it into kind of the correct quarters, we are really seeing that really good trend coming down from the first half of the year into the second half of the year as we anticipated. So, its good to see that its right now anyway, consistent with what we were anticipating.
Andrew Kligerman: Thats great to hear. And maybe just a little bit of the specifics on American Income. I dont know if you can share it. But just as you try to rectify kind of  and you talk about stair-step, so it felt like this quarter with the drop-off in producer count was a step backward. And I think Larry was talking about different incentives in terms of retention. Is there any color maybe you could provide around those incentives just so that we could get a sense of how it might influence the producer count?
Larry Hutchison: Again, I want to point out, that are currently strong quarter-over-quarter. Actually there is a 7% increase in number of recruits. The terminations were a little bit of a surprise, higher than expected. I think that goes hand-in-hand with the fact that we havent had middle management growth. And so when you change those incentives, you are not increasing compensation, you are shifting compensation to affect behavior. What you kind of do is encourage your middle managers to better train those new recruits. And whats a better training, there is more activity, and the training is just how to sell, but encouraging greater activity with those new recruits and agents. As there is greater activity, better training, they make more money because they you have higher sales levels and retain more agents. And so again, the color is this. If you look at  lets compare Family Heritage to American Income. In the first quarter, they had pretty slow sales. As they shifted some of their compensation there, they had an emphasis on recruiting and developing middle managers. They have 5% to 8% middle managers for the year with a 13% increase in sales this quarter. But American Income, again, has a little bit of a tough comparable because there was a 20% increase in the agency force in 20 and 21. So, with the stair-step, when you have that kind of a record increase, you expect to have some leveling of recruiting. And again, I have every confidence American Income will grow, but the focus will be on developing leadership, developing more middle managers, and the growth will come as they develop one middle management.
Andrew Kligerman: So, there is some type of a compensation for doing more training. Its a little higher. Is that the takeaway?
Larry Hutchison: Its not just training. Its really  the middle manager is focused on three to four agents. Those three to four agents are trained, but they are also encouraged to review the data with these producing agents, how many presentations do they make in a week, whats their monthly average, whats the average premium. And as middle managers study that data, they know what needs to be addressed. Is it a training issue, is it an activity issue, is it a closing issue. And so those are all factors. And it really changes agent-by-agent. So, when we say American Income, it has been a little flat in their recruiting or their agent growth. Remember, there is 99 offices within American Income. Some of the locations have had an outstanding year. They have had good growth. And so again, with the sales leadership that is in American Income, they are identifying those offices that have not done so well. And then we will work with them to provide them data with respect to the managers, whats the success of the middle managers, whats the success of the agents. And so they adjust as we go forward. That just is a constant process as we inspect our training systems, our activity models, and out of that comes the long-term growth.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. So, just so I am clear, Larry. So, its not saying, Hey, we are going to give you more money if you retain somebody, its saying here is the data. Here are the analytics and here is how you can be more effective. Is that
Larry Hutchison: So, the bonus is not paying more money, its paying for the correct behavior. Its paying for success. Its much like the agent, we dont give an agent more money to have more activity. Agent gets more money as a result of more activity and better sales. So, this is much the same principle. You are just affecting behavior. As you shift the compensation, over time the focus might be on training versus recruiting. There are just a lot of factors within the agency. So, constantly, the agency owners as well as the home office leadership are looking at what are the behaviors we need to modify and they shift the compensation to encourage that behavior.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Got it. Perfect. And then just a quick throw-away question. I am kind of curious on the  I mean the higher inflation affecting direct-to-consumer paper and postage cost. How much year-over-year has that gone up? And are there other customer acquisition costs on online going up quite dramatically, and maybe you have a percentage there. I would just be curious if you have some numbers that you might be able to pass on.
Larry Hutchison: Well, I dont have on the top of my head, I cant tell you what postage increase was percentage of the paper cost. But what I gave was the guidance in terms of when we see mail volume, we saw the insert media volume coming down and the costs are reflected to the analytics. As we do the different campaigns, we look at those costs, we look at the test and we see a 10% decrease, as example, of mailings as a result of the analytics. So, that reflects the cost increase in both postage and paper. I guess the response rates out of that is the null effect. And really, what you look at is, if you look at the cost of the investment within that campaign, what is the expected response rate and from that, whats the expected issue rate. If you are not meeting those expectations in the test, then you reduce those mailings. So, its not  if you are going to look at postage costs of 5%, you will probably reduce something 5%. Its at the end of that process of the analytics and the campaigns to determine what your volumes are going to be in all the way affects what your sales level will be. I want to make a point there, too, that direct response. Its not just an issue really of spending more money to increase sales, because the profitability of an increase in sales is a function of the cost of acquiring the business. And so if you spend more money, its not going to necessarily indicate higher response rates, and the response rate doesnt go up with additional spending. So, again, when you think about direct response, I think about that differently than agency. Your acquisition cost is on the front end and not the back end of the sales process. So, we are constantly using analytics and testing to make sure that we have an adequate return on that investment.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Sorry, good afternoon. Just a few follow-up questions on the non-COVID excess, do you suspect these are mainly long COVID claims? Because I heard you referenced heart and lung. And the reason I ask is, just in the beginning, I think, all the excess non-COVID was by most of your peers were being assumed that it was driven by care deferral, but this doesnt sound like this is really care deferral, but just curious if you have a view on that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We dont really have anything to point exactly to what it might be. I think its fair that probably some portion of it might be long COVID. If you think about it from the standpoint of complications that arise from having COVID in the first place, we still think there is at least some possibility there being some delayed care, deferred care, even though if you get further down the road, you just say there is probably less impact of that. But I do think there has probably been just some impact on how, when we are thinking about, they are getting classified. Where there was probably  whether the  our data is based upon when a claim comes in and if the death certificate notes that its a COVID death, then thats what we count as a COVID death. And now there may be certain situations where its more  the real cause of death is going to the true cause, if there was a heart ailment or something like that, that its getting quoted perhaps a little bit differently as well.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just relatedly, so the $15 million of excess non-COVID claims, that was about 2x higher than what you were, I guess assuming were COVID claims this quarter. And I guess for next year, if I heard you correctly, in response to Andrews question, you are assuming $25 million to $30 million of excess non-COVID, which is closer to, I guess its a little bit higher than the COVID assumption, but its not 2x that, do you? So, is the punch line there that you are just assuming this was a bit anomalous, that ratio, and that you would expect that to  the excess non-COVID to decline in proportion?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think thats right. I mean when you look at the full year 2022, we are sitting at about $70 million in non-COVID versus $50 million of COVID. And then we are looking around that $25 million or so as compared to $20 million of COVID. So, that ratio has come together. In our minds, I mean they are really independent calculations, but that relationship is narrowing, I guess.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just final question, I think you mentioned most of those excess non-COVID claims came in direct to consumer. If thats true, and I normalize for that, I would be getting margins north of 20%, which I think is a lot better than the 18% that you had previously spoken to. But maybe there is other adjustments there, can you speak to that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think for the total non-COVID, for direct response, in the third quarter, there was still about 5% or so, there was an impact of the non-COVID in Q3 for all the 2022, really looking at around 6%. So, while we would have been ex the non-COVID in the third quarter, we would have been at 20%, 21%. But thats probably  again, there is a little bit favorable amortization thats coming through there as well. I think kind of as we look forward, thinking about DTC, that particular channel, in 2023, we probably think that they are going to have around a 3% impact of higher excess obligations and we kind of anticipate that their margins would be somewhere in that 16% to 17% range. So, that kind of points to somewhere in that 19% to  lets just say 18% to 20%, somewhere in there is what they probably  what it would be without some of the excess obligations.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. So, thats getting, well, say, an outsized benefit on the lower amortization in that segment.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Look, its probably overall in that segment, yes, still having another percent or so impact or actually a couple of percentage points from where they were back in pre-COVID times, because we are looking at an amortization percentage there in between that 23%, 24% range, where if you look back before pre-COVID years, their amortization percentage was in the mid-25%  between 25% and 26%.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. So, I will hand the call back to your host for some closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Gary Coleman: Alright. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we will talk to you again in the next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for attending todays call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Globe Life Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2021 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $177 million or $1.79 per share compared to $200 million or $1.92 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $205 million or $2.07 per share, an increase of 12% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 9.8% and book value per share is $54.18. Excluding unrealized losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 12.6% and book value per share is $60.71, up 9% from a year ago. In life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $760 million. Life underwriting margin was $198 million, up 11% from a year ago. The increase in margin is due primarily to increased premium and improved claims experience. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 5%, and at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to grow around 23%, due primarily to an expected decline in COVID claims for the full year. In health insurance, premium grew 8% to $319 million and health underwriting margin was up 7% to $80 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow 6% to 7%, and at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margins to grow around 5%. Administrative expenses were $74 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.8% compared to 6.6% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow around 11% and be around 7% of premium due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, employee costs, an increase in travel and facilities costs and the addition of the Globe Life Benefits division. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% for the year ago quarter to $376 million and life underwriting margin was up 19% to $128 million. A higher underwriting margin was primarily due to higher premium and improved claims experienced. In the second quarter of 2022, net life sales were $85 million, up 16%. The increase in net life sales was caused by improvement in productivity and new business processing. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 9,670, down 8% from the year ago quarter, but up 3% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 9,637. The decline in average agent count resulted from a challenging recruiting environment. While conditions have been tough, the components necessary for agency growth remain in place. Also in a slowing economy, becomes easier to recruit and retain new agents. As we have said before, agency growth is a stair-step process. It is best to compare agent counts over several years to evaluate agency growth. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $81 million and life underwriting margin was up 12% to $18 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher premium and improved claims experience. Net life sales increased 7% to $19 million. Net health sales were $7 million, up 10% from the year ago quarter due mainly to increased agent productivity. The worksite business has picked up significantly as sales were up 11% over the year ago quarter and 24% over the first quarter of this year. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 2,713, flat compared to the year ago quarter, but up 2% compared to the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,782. We continue to see a positive momentum at Liberty National. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% over the year ago quarter to $91 million and health underwriting margin increased 9% to $24 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due to increased premium and improved claims experience. Net health sales were up 1% to $19 million due to agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,173, down 4% from the year ago quarter. However, the agent count grew 7% from the first quarter to the second quarter. I indicated in our first quarter call that Family Heritage would concentrate on recruiting, and we are seeing results from those efforts. Producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,201, and the recent sales and recruiting trends at Family Heritage are encouraging. In our direct-to-consumer division of Globe Life, life premiums were flat over the year ago quarter to $249 million, while life underwriting margin declined 16% to $29 million. The decrease in underwriting margin is due to increased policy obligations. Net life sales were $33 million, down 23% for the year ago quarter due to lower response rates and lower paid initial premium. As a reminder, direct-to-consumer provides reduced premium introductory offers, and we do not record a sale until the first full premium is received. While changes in the macro environment have not impacted our marketing activities much in the past, the current environment with record inflation is challenging. Our typical direct-to-consumer customer is in a lower-income bracket than our agency customers and generally has less discretionary income to purchase or retain insurance. We have also had to reduce our circulation and mainly as increases in postage and paper costs impeded our ability to achieve a satisfactory return on investment for certain marketing campaigns. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 16% for the year ago quarter to $135 million and health underwriting margin increased 8% to $19 million. Net health sales were $12 million, up 2% compared to the year ago quarter. I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2022 to be in the following ranges: American Income, a decrease of 2% to an increase of 4%; Liberty National, an increase of 3% to 11%; Family Heritage, an increase of 12% to 21%. Net life sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows: American Income, an increase of 12% to 18%; Liberty National, an increase of 8% to 12%; direct-to-consumer, a decrease of 19% to a decrease of 11%. Net health sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, an increase of 5% to 9%; Family Heritage, an increase of 7% to 11%; United American General Agency, a decrease of 7% to an increase of 3%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We'll now turn to our investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $57 million, down 4% from the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was flat. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline between 1% and 2% due to higher interest on debt, but to be up around 3% on a per share basis. After three years of declining excess investment income, we expect to see growth in 2023 due primarily to the impact of higher interest rates on the investment portfolio. As to investment yield, in the second quarter, we invested $400 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.29%, an average rating of A plus and an average life of 26 years. We also invested $25 million in limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed security portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.16%, down 8 basis points from the second quarter 2021. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was 5.16%. While the yield declined 8 basis points from a year ago, it's worth noting that it's up 1 basis point from the end of the first quarter. This is the first time we have seen an increase in the portfolio yield since 2016. Regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets are $19.6 billion, including $18 billion of fixed maturities at amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $17.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. And overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as a year ago. During the quarter, we went from a net unrealized gain position to a net unrealized loss position of approximately $814 million due to higher treasury rates and spreads. The unrealized loss position is mitigated by our ability and intent to hold fixed maturities to maturity. And overall, we are comfortable with the quality of our portfolio. Bonds rated BBB or 53% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 55% a year ago. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Because we primarily invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. The low investment-grade bonds were $585 million compared to $764 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds at fixed maturities is 3.2%. This is as low as this ratio has been for more than 20 years. Excluding net unrealized losses in the fixed maturity portfolio below investment-grade bonds as a percentage of equity are 10%. The low investment-grade bonds plus bonds rated BBB as a percentage of equity are 169%, and that's the lowest this ratio has been in 10 years. I would also mention that we have no direct investments in Ukraine or Russia and do not expect any material impact to our investments in multinational companies that have exposure to these countries. For the full year, at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to invest approximately $1.3 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 4.9% and approximately $200 million in limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average yield of around 7.6%. We were encouraged by the increase in interest rates and the prospect of higher interest rates in the future. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income. As I mentioned earlier, we're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. In addition, our life products have fixed benefits that are not interest assisted. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $119 million and ended the second quarter with liquid assets of approximately $318 million. This amount is higher primarily due to the net proceeds of the issuance in May of a 10-year $400 million senior note with a coupon rate of 4.8%, less amounts used to temporarily reduce our commercial paper balances. The net proceeds will ultimately be used to redeem our $300 million 3.8% senior note maturing on September 15 with the excess proceeds being available for other corporate purposes. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company annually generates excess cash flow. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on parent company debt. During 2022, we anticipate the parent will generate between $355 million and $365 million of excess cash flows. This amount of excess cash flows, which, again, is before the payment of dividends to shareholders, is lower than the $450 million received in 2021, primarily due to higher COVID life losses and the nearly 15% growth in our exclusive agency sales in 2021, both of which resulted in lower statutory income in 2021 and thus lower cash flows to the parent in 2022 than were received in 2021. Obviously, while an increase in sales creates a drag to the parent's cash flows in the short term, the higher sales will result in higher operating cash flows in the future. We anticipate that approximately $145 million of excess cash flows will be generated during the second half of the year, out of which we anticipate distributing approximately $40 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments. In the second quarter, the company repurchased 1,388,000 shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of $134.2 million at an average share price of $96.64. Total repurchases during the quarter were higher than normal as we accelerated approximately $50 million of repurchases from the second half of the year given favorable market conditions. These additional repurchases were at an average price of $94.39. Year-to-date, including $11.6 million in purchases made so far in July, we have repurchased 2.4 million shares for approximately $234 million at an average price of $98.22. Taking into account the liquid assets of $318 million at the end of the second quarter plus the estimated $145 million of excess cash flows expected to be generated in the second half of the year, we anticipate having around $463 million of assets available to the parent for the remainder of the year. As previously noted, we have used $12 million for buybacks so far this quarter and anticipate using approximately $40 million to pay shareholder dividends and approximately $180 million in net debt reduction, leaving approximately $230 million for other uses. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the parent's excess cash flows along with the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand and modernize our information technology and other operational capabilities and acquire new long-duration assets to fund their future cash needs. As discussed on prior calls, we have historically targeted $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets to be held at the parent. We will continue to evaluate the potential capital needs, and should there be excess liquidity, we anticipate the company will return such excess to the shareholders in 2022. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $410 million and $420 million will be returned to shareholders in 2022, including approximately $330 million to $340 million through share repurchases. With regard to the capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action-level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. For 2021, our consolidated RBC ratio was 315%. At this RBC ratio, our subsidiaries have approximately $85 million of capital over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. During 2022, the NAIC will be adopting new RBC factors related to longevity and mortality risk, also known as C2 factors. While the longevity risk factors that primarily relate to life contingent annuities will have little impact on our subsidiaries, the new mortality factors do apply to our products and will increase our company action-level required capital by approximately 4% to 5%. We believe the conservative statutory reserve levels held for our life insurance products already provide for a very strong total asset requirement. Given the consistent generation of strong statutory gains from operations from our product portfolio, these new factors will simply result in even stronger capital adequacy at our target RBC ratios. At this time, while we do not anticipate that any additional capital will be required to maintain the low end of our targeted RBC ratio, the parent company does have sufficient liquid assets available should additional capital be required. At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments related to the impact of COVID-19 and our excess non-COVID policy obligations on second quarter results. In the second quarter, the company incurred approximately $8.4 million of COVID life claims relating to approximately 30,000 U.S. COVID deaths occurring in the quarter as reported by the CDC. However, these incurred claims were fully offset by a favorable true-up of COVID life claims incurred in prior quarters. Based on the additional claims data we now have available related to first quarter COVID deaths, we now estimate that our average cost per 10,000 U.S. deaths in the quarter was approximately $2.4 million, down from the $3 million average cost previously estimated on our last call. As a result, the net COVID life claims reported in the second quarter were not significant overall or at any of the individual distributions. For the full year and at the midpoint of our guidance, we now estimate we will incur approximately $62 million of COVID life claims, a decrease of $9 million from our prior estimate. This estimate assumes an estimated 60,000 U.S. COVID deaths and an average cost per 10,000 deaths of approximately $2.8 million in the second half of the year. While we had favorable experience with respect to COVID losses incurred in prior quarters, we did experience higher life policy obligations from non-COVID causes. The increase from non-COVID causes of death are primarily medical related, including deaths due to lung disorders, heart and circulatory issues and neurological disorders. The losses that we are seeing continue to be elevated over 2019 levels. As stated on prior calls, we believe these higher deaths are due in large part to the pandemic. Given the lessening number of COVID death, we do anticipate these claims will moderate over the remainder of the year. In the second quarter, we estimate that our excess non-COVID life policy obligations were approximately $28 million, $10 million higher than expected, primarily due to adverse development of first quarter incurred losses in our direct-to-consumer channel. For the full year, we anticipate that our excess life policy obligations will be around $64 million or around 2% of our total life premium. Essentially all of the entire obligations relate to higher non-COVID causes of death. With respect to our earnings guidance for 2022, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $7.90 to $8.30 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The $8.10 midpoint is higher than the midpoint of our previous guidance of $8.05, primarily due to a greater impact of our share repurchase program. We continue to evaluate data available from multiple sources, including the IHME and CDC to estimate total U.S. deaths due to COVID and to estimate the impact of those deaths on our in-force book. We estimate the total U.S. deaths from COVID will be in the range of 215,000 to 275,000 and that our cost per 10,000 deaths for the year will be approximately $2.5 million. Before I close, a few comments with respect to the potential impact of the upcoming changes of long-duration accounting that will be effective in 2023. As I discussed on our February call, we expect the new accounting guidance to have a significant impact on our reported GAAP income and our reported equity, including accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI. The impact on GAAP income will primarily result from changes that affect the future capitalization and amortization of deferred acquisition costs and, to some degree, changes in the manner of computing policyholder benefits. The impact on AOCI will primarily be related to the new requirement to revalue policy reserves using current discount rates. The new accounting guidance is especially relevant to our GAAP financial statements since nearly all of our business is subject to the new rules. Our products are highly profitable and persistent, and we have many policies still on the books that were sold decades ago. While the GAAP accounting changes will be significant, it is very important to keep in mind that none of the changes will impact our premium rates, the amount of premiums we collect, nor the amount of claims we ultimately pay. Furthermore, it has no impact on the statutory earnings or the statutory capital we are required to maintain for regulatory purposes, nor will it cause us to make any changes in the products we offer. In other words, the accounting change will in no way modify the way we think or manage our business. Under the new standard, our GAAP earnings will be higher. The annual amortization of deferred acquisition costs, or DAC, will be lower than under current guidance in the near and intermediate term due to changes in the treatment of renewal commissions, the treatment of interest on DAC balances and the methods of amortizing back. We currently estimate that these changes will increase net income after tax in the range of $120 million to $145 million on an annual basis. Due to the treatment of deferred renewal commissions in our captive agency channels, we do expect the impact of this change to diminish over a period of time. It is important to note that our policyholder benefits reported for 2021 and 2022 will be required to be restated to reflect the new guidance. While we aren't able to provide a range of expected impact at this time, the restated policy obligations as a percent of premium are expected to be lower in both 2021 and 2022 than under the current guidance due to the treatment of COVID life claims and other fluctuations in claims experience in both of these years as the new guide requires us, in concept, to recognize these fluctuations over the life of the policies. This will result in higher net income in both 2021 and 2022 than reported under current guidance. Going forward, we anticipate that our policy obligations as a percent of premium will be similar in the near term to those restated percentages in the absence of assumption changes. With respect to changes to the balance sheet and AOCI, the new guidance adopts a new requirement to remeasure the company's future policy benefits each quarter utilizing a discount rate that reflects upper-medium-grade fixed income yields, with the effects of the change to be recognized in AOCI, a component of shareholders' equity. The upper-medium-grade fixed income yields generally consist of single A-rated fixed income securities that are reflective of the currency and tenor of the insurance liability cash flows. On the transition date, which will be January 1, 2021, the company expects an after-tax $7.5 billion to $8.5 billion decrease in the AOCI balance as of this date due to this new requirement since the discount rate to be used will be lower than what was used in valuing the future policy benefits under existing guidance. Given the long average duration of our liabilities, changes in the current discount rate could have a meaningful effect on the reported AOCI. For instance, if we were to hold all else equal as of the transition date, but use current discount rates as of June 30, 2022, the after-tax decrease in AOCI due solely to the increase in future policy benefits would have been only in the range of $2.4 billion to $3.2 billion. Keep in mind that AOCI would also be adjusted in such a situation to reflect changes in the valuation of the fixed maturity bond portfolio. As discussed on the February call, while the new guidance requires the company to recognize the inherent unrealized interest rate loss for purposes of determining AOCI, it ignores the unrealized gains from underwriting margins that are available to fund future policy benefits and changes in interest rates. Given our strong underwriting margins, this submission has the effect of reporting the policy liability that understates the value of these margins. This fact, along with the noneconomic impact of this new requirement for determining our future policy obligations for AOCI purposes, we continue to believe that equity, excluding AOCI, will be a more meaningful measure of Globe's financial condition going forward. The new guidance also requires a more granular assessment of the ratio between present value of benefits and the present value of gross premium, also known as a net premium ratio. Any blocks of business that require increases in future policy benefits to minimum levels or that have a net premium ratio greater than 100% will require a decrease to the opening balance of retained earnings. At the transition date, we expect this adjustment to retained earnings to be less than $50 million. We will provide more discussion of the impact of the accounting change in our second quarter Form 10-Q to be filed next month, and we may be in a position to provide more guidance on our anticipated restated 2021 and 2022 operating income and initial views on 2023 earnings on our next call. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question first just on the persistency. And it seems like during the pandemic, you benefited from people unwilling to cancel policies, and now you're seeing an uptick in lapse rates. Do you think that's because of the weaker economy? Or is it because of a catch-up from what's happened during the pandemic as the pandemic impact is fading? Or are there other reasons that sort of make you concerned about persistency getting worse if we, in fact, do enter a recession?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, there are several reasons that could be causing the slight uptick in lapses, the economy, inflation. We've said in the past that during periods of inflation, we haven't seen that much impact on persistency. But of course, this is the highest inflation we've had in 40 years. So it's reasonable to think that inflation could be affecting persistency, especially in the direct-to-consumer area. But also, the end of the government COVID relief payments is less income in the hands of our policyholders. That could have an impact. And also, we think we're seeing a little bit of impact of some insurers feeling like they no longer need the coverage. Maybe they bought it at the beginning of the COVID outbreak, and now they're seeing -- are feeling like they don't need the coverage. It's hard to pinpoint what the causes are. But I do want to emphasize that we're not concerned about having adverse persistency have it -- getting worse. So what we're seeing is it looks like it's getting back towards the pre-pandemic levels. And -- but at this point, we don't see anything to indicate that that's going to be an ongoing increase in lapses.
Jimmy Bhullar: And can you talk about the labor market and how -- and just your ability to recruit and retain agents with the fairly tight labor market that we have still.
Larry Hutchison: While it's been a tough recruiting market, sequentially, we did see the producing agent count increase at American Income, international and Family Heritage. What's more important than the labor market are the components necessary for agent growth and those remain in place. All three agencies are opening new offices in 2022. The management is projected to grow by 5% to 10% this year, and we're providing additional sales technology to the agency forces. Also in a slowing economy, Jimmy, it's always easy to recruit and retain new agents.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just lastly on -- can you quantify the impact -- or what the actual COVID claims were this quarter and what the offsetting reserve release was? Because I think on a net basis, you had a negative $1 million impact from COVID. But what were the actual claims and what were the associated reserve releases that led to a negative net result?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, as I noted, we estimate that our, if you will, is about $8.5 million of COVID losses just relating to the -- truly relating to Q2 incurred deaths, and that was about $9 million, $9.5 million favorable development of true-up, if you will, to those prior period claims. And I will say that on DTC, it was about -- the excess was -- we had originally projected around $5.6 million, but it was -- ended up probably being about $2.5 million of a negative, if you will, net benefit in the quarter.
Operator: Moving on to our next question, Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on the non-COVID mortality experience this quarter, particularly in the direct-to-consumer block and maybe talk a little bit as well about the out-of-period adjustment there. And I guess where you see margins being for DTC in the near term and where you think they can get to if mortality normalizes?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Erik. In general, in the second quarter, we had originally estimated about $18 million of total excess obligations. We ended up with, as I noted, about $28 million. So it was about $10 million higher than what we had anticipated and really, all of that was on the non-COVID side. Lapses were actually a little bit favorable. They were high -- the lapses were higher than what we had anticipated for the quarter. So some of the releases of some of those excess reserves there helped out. All of that difference were related to DTC, and that's -- was about $10 million of additional claims that we're seeing, higher policy obligations incurred in the second quarter relating to those non-COVID claims. So really what we're kind of seeing in both of DTC as well as just organization as a whole, while we have those favorable developments, if you will, on COVID, there's maybe a little bit of a misclassification, if you will, with respect to some of the non-COVID because then we clearly saw the non-COVID being a little bit higher. So -- and whether that stems from just some changes in how death certificates are ultimately getting recorded and how precise some of those are being or if it's just some of the other factors and just our estimation techniques, it's a little bit hard to tell. But a little bit of an offset with the higher non-COVID that we saw with the favorable developments on the COVID side. And with respect to overall for the year for DTC, we do anticipate that the non-COVID -- the excess non-COVID claims kind of for the full year probably be about 2% of premium, and -- excuse me, about 5% of premium for the entire year. So in total, about $45 million -- around $50 million of total excess obligations for direct-to-consumer related to the non-COVID causes of death and probably about, yes, about 3% related to COVID.
Erik Bass: And then from a margin standpoint, I guess, looking forward, in a normal environment, would you still expect to be in sort of, I guess, the 17% to 18% margin range for DTC and kind of 28% for life overall?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. For the full year, we estimate that we're probably somewhere in that 11% to 13% range for our projected margin for the entire year. And with COVID, if you will, the higher obligations for COVID and non-COVID being around 8%, that kind of points to around 20%. But with some of the favorable persistency that we've had in the past couple of years, our amortization of our DAC is a little bit favorable. If you kind of normalize all that, it kind of does bring you back down in that 17% to 19% range, right around 18% to 19%.
Erik Bass: And 28% sort of for the overall life business. Is that still reasonable?
Frank Svoboda: That is reasonable, yes.
Erik Bass: And if I could just squeeze in one last quick one. For the LDTI impacts, I think you gave the earnings impact on a net income basis. Would you expect much difference of operating income?
Frank Svoboda: No, would be essentially the same. Some of the components of net operating income, how we think about excess investment income versus some of the underwriting income and how we treat required interest on that, those components will be a little bit different, but the overall net operating income would be the net same impact overall.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll hear from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: So just to kind of follow on with the excess non-COVID claims of about $28 million this quarter, did I recall correctly that you were expecting about $64 million of excess non-COVID for the year? Is that correct?
Frank Svoboda: That's correct.
Andrew Kligerman: And that's what you were previously, Frank, guiding to. So even though you had $10 million more than -- I think that's what you said, $10 million more than anticipated
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Andrew Kligerman: This quarter, you're still standing by that previous guidance of $64 million. And if that's the case, you just -- I guess, you're just kind of anticipating that this excess non-COVID mortality is going to gradually dissipate. It will still be there, but you'll continue to kind of see that subside. Is that right?
Frank Svoboda: I mean that is correct. Over the course of the year, that we do anticipate that the additional impact of that will be less than what we've seen in the Q1 and Q2. But we have kept the overall view of about $64 million. But what we've done there, Andrew, is we've increased our expectations of what portion of that is related to -- so the increases that we've seen on the non-COVID causes of death, what's really happened is that that's been offset by decreases in our -- the excess obligations related to lapses. And so as our persistency -- as the lapses have ticked up, then some of those excess reserves that we were carrying have been released and the effect of that is offsetting the higher non-COVID claims, kind of keeping our total year approximately the same.
Andrew Kligerman: And nothing would lead you to believe that in '23 or 2024, assuming and hoping that COVID dissipates, that this excess non-COVID will be a problem?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. What really -- something we've done here recently is we've gone back -- our actuarial team has gone back and really tried to look back at relationships that are higher non-COVID losses and to see what relationships these higher non-COVID losses have to the actual timing of the COVID deaths. And we've actually seen a really strong relationship between the COVID deaths, especially with the heart, circulatory and the neurological disorders and more recently, the lung disorders. And so given the strong relationships that we have been seeing -- or that we have seen over the course of this pandemic and with the decline in COVID deaths, I think that gives us a level of comfort that has -- that those -- that the excess non-COVID causes of death will start to dissipate as well. And so at least at this point, we're not seeing any reason why we -- any evidence that would point that they should be higher in the long term and that they eventually should gravitate back to more normal levels.
Andrew Kligerman: As I said, that makes a lot of sense. And then just lastly, on lapsation, you gave some really good reasons, inflation, less government [indiscernible] et cetera. Given the environment we're in, I guess, is the expectation that we could kind of see these elevated lapses, particularly in direct-to-consumer, over the foreseeable future?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think from what we're seeing -- what we're anticipating in the midpoint of our guidance is that we are expecting the level of lapses to be more toward more normal levels. It's always possible in DTC that they could might continue to be a little bit elevated. We're really pretty comfortable on the exclusive agencies given the nature of the touch points with the -- with our agents that persistency will just kind of more be at the normal levels. But that's -- in our guidance of what we've got for the remainder of the year is we do just anticipate that they'll be consistent with pre-COVID levels.
Gary Coleman: Yes. Andrew, I would add that we have seen more of the increases in the lapses as we have seen in the policies in the last two, three years. And if you go out policies that have been on the books longer, we haven't seen as much of an increase in the lapse rate. So -- and that gets back to what we talked about earlier, maybe that some of the policies that we sold in the last two to three years, people are thinking they don't need that coverage anymore. So at this point, especially looking out at the policies that have been on the books longer, we don't see anything to indicate that we're having a major shift and it's going to continue. But obviously, we'll continue to monitor it. But so far, it's more of the lapse rates moving back to where they were in the 2019 time period.
Andrew Kligerman: Actually, let me just sneak one in. American Income looked good. Your guidance has bumped up 1% in terms of agent count on that growth over year. Are you getting a little more encouraged by what you're seeing? Is it easier to recruit than you thought three months ago?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, we are encouraged. We're seeing more, I guess, [indiscernible] is looking for the opportunity. And what we see is a change in economy as recruiting has actually increased during the second quarter and through current date. What we need to do is convert more of those agents -- or more of those recruits into producing agents, and we see that happening. There's always a lag between recruiting and producing agents. And so I think in the third quarter, the increase in recruiting we saw in the second quarter should carry through in the next quarter, particularly at American Income. The American Income position is also more attractive. 85% of our sales are still virtual. And with the cost of gasoline, with inflation, there's a need to, I guess, work or produce business. At the same time, you can work from home and you have more expenses. So I think the opportunity of American Income is much better than it was pre-COVID.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: My first question, you previously talked about a 20% increase in average premium. How did that trend in 2Q '22? Just trying to dimension if the consumers may be pulling back on a size of policy possibly.
Larry Hutchison: Well, I'll address it from an agency standpoint. We're talking about the average premium per sale, what we see is that increasing across the three agencies. So at American Income, Family Heritage and in our Liberty National unit, the average premium has increased and that's -- what's driven sales is the increase in productivity and average premium and also the percentage of agents submitting business. As you've seen in the agent counts, the average agent counts were fairly flat quarter-over-quarter. As we added agents in the second quarter, that did help sales at Family Heritage more than the other two agencies. I think the other thing you're seeing is, particularly at Liberty National, I mentioned in the script that the worksite sales increased both year-over-year with a substantial increase in the fourth quarter. I think what you're seeing is a return to normal in terms of that worksite market that's helping the average premium increase and the productivity agents in that market also.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question. You provided some great color on the portfolio. Clearly, some concern generally in the world about economic growth and the changing business cycle. And appreciate BBB portfolio is targeted for multiple sectors. But can you talk about maybe plans to reunderwrite for potential credit rating changes and whether you'd opportunistically maybe trim some of the BBBs?
Gary Coleman: Well, we have done some of that. In the second quarter, we did a slight repositioning of the portfolio. We sold $185 million worth of bonds. That's about 1% of the portfolio. These are bonds that we didn't have credit concerns regarding, but market conditions were such that we could sell these bonds and reinvest in higher-grade bonds. And what we did is we reinvested the proceeds and we sold BBB bonds, reinvested in AA bonds, muni bonds. We also increased our earnings because we reinvested at a higher yield. And with the higher quality, it also reduces our required capital. And at the same time, we were able to offset some prior year tax gain. So it was a win-win all the way around. But this is an example of how we, from time to time, will take advantage of the situations and where we can improve the quality. But with that, we feel good about the quality of the portfolio. Through the last three years, we've added more municipal bonds that are in the AA category. As I mentioned earlier, our ratio of BBB and below investment-grade bonds as a percentage of equities is as low as it's been in 10 years. And also, we feel good about the issues that we've had on the books for a while. During the pandemic, companies bolstered their balance sheets. So going forward, we feel like our portfolio -- the quality will hold up well.
Operator: And Thomas Gallagher of Evercore ISI has our next question.
Thomas Gallagher: First question is the $28 million of elevated non-COVID excess that you referenced, was any of that related to prior period catch-up from 1Q? And if so, how much of that $28 million would have been 2Q versus 1Q?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it was -- about $10 million of that really did relate to a catch-up from Q1, and that was pretty much primarily a direct-to-consumer.
Thomas Gallagher: So if we were to look at kind of a normal margin in direct-to-consumer, we should probably be adding the $10 million back from a run rate perspective.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think that would be right.
Thomas Gallagher: You also referenced on direct-to-consumer, some of the expenses like shipping costs, et cetera, have gone up, making it less attractive. If that was the case, how did you respond to that? Did you just scale back in mailings? Did you change pricing at all? What was the response to that?
Larry Hutchison: I think I wouldn't agree with the statement that it's less attractive. If you remember direct response that the acquisition expenses incurred prior to the sale as contrasted to the agencies were at the time of the sale, you incurred the acquisition expense. As we think about direct-to-consumer, we determine our mailings, we determine our insert media based on our analytics, which is based on tests that we do. As we see lower response rates, where we then -- and when we're issuing premium in response to those offers, we lower the volume of those mailings, we lower the volume of the insert media. And so it's really maintaining the return on investment that's adequate for that particular campaign. And realize too during the year, we have 30, 40, 50 campaigns going on. So each one is measured independently. And so we adjust that continually to see what are response rates, what are the first full premium paid in response to the applications received, and that's how we determine what the volumes are going to be. Based on what we see in the analytics to date, we expect in direct-to-consumer, we're going to have a reduction in our mailings this year of about 9% and our insert circulation will decrease in a range of 9% to 11% for 2022. As the campaigns continue, if the economy improves, if we see a higher demand for life insurance again and it's not really increasing the investment, it's increased the investment in response to the results we're seeing in those campaigns.
Thomas Gallagher: And then just a final one for me on LDTI. So it's kind of interesting. You had a meaningful positive from a GAAP operating earnings perspective. But at least upon the initial balance sheet implementation date, looking back to when rates were lower, I think it would have resulted in Globe having a negative book value given the size of the adjustment to AOCI. And I realize that's a lot less now with where rates are. I think you said the transition impact was all the way down only $2 billion to $3.2 billion as of June 30. So that's clearly a lot less of an impact. But any initial sense just given those two kind of large impacts positive on income statement but meaningful negative on GAAP book value? Any initial response from the rating agencies that you think this is going to be consequential? Because I think I heard you say earlier, and I think every other company has said, this won't impact capital adequacy at all. But is the fact that, that could have resulted in a negative book value raising any eyebrows at the rating agencies or not necessarily?
Frank Svoboda: So Tom, let me correct it. As of 12/31/'20, which would be the balance sheet that we'd be restating at the transition date, our total equity as reported was about $8.8 billion at that point in time. So the adjustment that we're anticipating right now won't take us into a negative. It will still be kind of at the midpoint of that range would point to something around $1 billion of positive GAAP equity as of that transition date. That being said, that's still a significant decline, admittedly, a significant decline in the reported equity, which, we say again is related to these market adjustments relating to that market rates at that point in time being significantly below the average portfolio yield. So our average portfolio yield is around 5.8%, it was around that. And so -- and the average probably closer to about 3%, it's kind of -- it moves around with the curve and that type of thing. But -- so it's a significant drop from that period of time. But -- so as that curve has improved since 12/31/'20 up to the current time, as we kind of said, that helps to -- it won't be as significant. I think that's one of the reasons and just that we look at AOCI as not being really a difficult measure to evaluate the company on is because there is so much of that interest rate driven, and it will change over time. With respect to the rating agencies, we don't anticipate any issues at this point in time given the nature of -- it doesn't change our real ability to generate cash flows, our ability to repay our debt and our obligations or just the overall strength of our operations, especially from just an overall cash flow and statutory earnings generation perspective. So -- but as we continue to have further discussions with all of them, we'll be able to provide more input on that. And as time goes on and they're able to absorb not only what they're seeing from our company, but as well as others in the industry.
Operator: Our final question will come from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I just had -- I just have one more follow-up on LDTI. The increase in GAAP earnings of $120 million to $145 million annually, is that something that you would expect to be relatively stable for -- over the intermediate term? Because I think you had mentioned over time, it will decline come. If you could just give a little more color there.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We do anticipate in the near and intermediate term that it would be relatively stable. It kind of will increase over time as the new rules will require us to -- as we continue to pay deferrable renewal commissions, those will increase some of our amortization with respect to new business as we put that new business on the books and just in future periods on existing business as well. So -- but that will be -- take a while for some of that to make a real meaningful impact as well.
Ryan Krueger: And then on the increased C2 mortality factors, would that have much of an impact on your future free cash flow generation? Or would you view that as more of a onetime increase to require capital?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it'd be more of a onetime increase to required capital for the most part that we'll have to take into account. So I don't see -- I mean there will be some incremental impact obviously from year-to-year just to some of the growth in that business, but it shouldn't have a meaningful impact on a going-forward basis.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Majors, we'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2021 10-K in any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $164 million or $1.64 per share compared to $179 million or $1.70 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $170 million or $1.70 per share, an increase of 11% per share from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 8.5%, and book value per share is $69.16, excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 11.5% and book value per share is $59.65, up 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 7% from a year ago to $755 million. Life underwriting margin was $150 million, up 10% from a year ago. The increase in margin is due primarily to increased premium. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 6% and at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to grow around 23% due primarily to an expected decline in COVID life claims. In health insurance, premium grew 8% to $317 million, and health underwriting margin grew 10% to $79 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due primarily to increased premium and improved claims experience. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow 6% to 7%, and at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to grow around 5%. Administrative expenses were $73 million for the quarter, up 10% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.8% compared to 6.6% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow 10% to 11% and be around 6.9% of premium, thats due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, employee costs, a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs and the addition of Globe Life Benefits division. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the first quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% over the year ago quarter to $370 million, and life underwriting margin was up 13% to $111 million. The higher premium is primarily due to higher sales in recent quarters. In the first quarter of 2022, net life sales were $85 million, up 23%. The increase in net life sales is due to increased productivity, plus a gradual improvement in issue rates, as some challenges in underwriting such staffing and speed [indiscernible] medical records and other information are resolving. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 9,385, down 5% from the year ago quarter and down 2% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 9,543. We are confident American Income will continue to grow. The agent count was trending up the last several weeks of the quarter, we also have seen improvement in personal recruiting this gentlemen [ph] yields better candidates and better retention and other recruiting sources. In addition, we have made changes to the bonus structure designed to improve agency middle management growth. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $81 million, and life underwriting margin was up 35% to $13 million [ph]. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to improved claims expense. Net life sales increased 7% to $17 million and net health sales were $6 million, up 6% from the year ago quarter due to increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 2,656, down 3% from the year ago quarter and down 2% compared to the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,687. We've introduced new training systems to help improve agent retention and updated our sales presentations to help agent productivity. We are pleased with the continued growth of Liberty National. At Family Heritage health premiums increased 7% over the year ago quarter to $90 million, and health underwriting margin increased 9% to $24 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due to increased premium and improved claims experience. Net Health sales were up 19% to $90 million due to increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1100, down 14% from the year ago quarter, and down 8% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,130. We have modified our agency compensation structure and are increasing our focus on agency middle management development to drive recruiting growth going forward. We were pleased with the record level of productivity at Family Heritage. In our direct-to-consumer division of Globe Life, life premiums were up 3% over the year ago quarter to $251 million. And life underwriting margin increased 3% to $9 million. Net life sales were $34 million, down 15% from the year ago quarter. We expected this sales decline due to the 22% sales growth experienced in the first quarter of 2021. Although sales declined from the first quarter of 2021, we are still pleased with this quarter's sales results. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 13% over the year ago quarter to $133 million and health underwriting margin increased 6% to $20 million. Net health sales were $13 million flat compared to the year ago quarter. Is difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment. I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2022 to be in the following ranges, American Income, a decrease of 2% to an increase of 3, Liberty National, flat to an increase of 14%, Family Heritage, an increase of 8% to 25%. Net live sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows, American Income, an increase of 9% to 17%, Liberty National, an increase of 4% to 12%, direct-to-consumer, a decrease of 13% to a decrease of 3%. Net health sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows, Liberty National, an increase of 3% to 11%, Family Heritage, an increase of 4% to 12%, United American individual Medicare supplement, a decrease of 5% to an increase of 3%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we defined as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $61 million up 1% from a year ago. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 5%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline between 1% and 2% but be up around 2% on a per share basis. As to investment yield, in the first quarter we invested $351 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.97%, an average rating of A, and an average life of 27 years. We also invested $118 million in limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.15%, down 9 basis points from the first quarter of 2021. As of March 31, the portfolio yield was also 5.15%. Regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets are $19.5 billion, including $18 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost as a fixed maturities, $17.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $583 million, compared to $802 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds fixed maturities of 3.2%, and I would add that this is the lowest ratio and has been for more than 20 years. Excluding net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio, the low investment grade bonds as a percentage of equity are 10%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as a year ago. Bonds rated BBB or 54% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Because we primarily invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk adjusted, capital adjusted returns, due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. I would also mention that we have no direct exposure to investments in Ukraine or Russia. And we did not expect any material impact to our investments in multinational companies that have exposure to those countries. For the full year, at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of around 4.3% and approximately $200 million in limited partnership investments with debt like characteristic at an average yield of around 7.7%. We are encouraged by the recent increase in interest rates and the prospect of higher interest rates in the future. Our new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income. We're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven, since we will not expect to realize them. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. In addition, our life products have fixed benefits that are not interesting. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $119 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will generate excess cash flows in 2022. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on the parent company debt. During 2022, we anticipate the parent will generate $350 million to $370 million of excess cash flows. This amount of excess cash flows, which again is before the payment of dividends to shareholders is lower than the $450 million received in 2021, primarily due to higher COVID life losses and the nearly 15% growth in our exclusive agency sales in 2021, both of which results in lower statutory income in 2021, and thus lower cash flows to the parent in 2022 that we'll receive in 2021. Obviously, while an increase in sales creates a drag to the parents cash flows in the short term, the higher sales will result in higher operating cash flows in the future. Including the excess cash flows and the $190 million of assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $470 million to $490 million of assets available to the parent during the year, out of which we anticipate distributing a little over $80 million to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments. In the first quarter, the company repurchased 880,000 shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of $88.6 million and at an average share price of $100.70. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 1,097,000 shares for approximately $110 million at an average price of $100.76. We also made a $10 million capital contribution to our insurance subsidiaries during the first quarter. After these payments, we anticipate the parent will have $270 million to $290 million of assets available for the remainder of the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the parents excess cash flows, along with the payment of shareholder dividends. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after our subsidiaries have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand and modernize our information technology and other operational capabilities and acquire new long duration assets to fund their future cash needs. As discussed on prior calls, we have historically targeted $50 to $60 million of liquid assets to be held at the parent. We will continue to evaluate the potential impact of the pandemic on our capital needs, and should there be excess liquidity, we anticipate the company will return such excess to the shareholders in 2022. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $400 and $410 million will be returned to shareholders in 2022, including approximately $320 to $330 million through share repurchases. Now with regard to our capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. For 2021, our consolidated RBC ratio was 315%. At this RBC ratio, our subsidiaries have approximately $85 million of capital over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC targets of 300%. At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments related to the impact of COVID-19 on first quarter results. In the first quarter, the company incurred approximately $46 million of COVID life claims equal to 6.1% of our life premium. The claims incurred in the quarter were approximately $17 million higher than anticipated, due to higher levels of COVID deaths than expected, partially offset by lower average cost per 10,000 US deaths. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, reported that approximately 155,000 US deaths occurred due to COVID in the first quarter, the highest quarter of COVID deaths in the US since the first quarter of 2021. This was substantially higher than the 85,000 deaths we anticipated based on projections from the IHME. At the time of our last call, we utilized IHME's projection of 65,000 first quarter US deaths and added a provision for higher deaths in January, as reported by the CDC, but that were not reflected in IHME projection. IHME projection anticipated a significant drop off in deaths starting in mid-February. Obviously, the decline in death did not occur as quickly as anticipated, especially during the latter half of the quarter. With respect to our average cost per 10,000 US deaths based on data we currently have available, we estimate COVID losses on deaths in the first quarter were at the rate of $3 million per 10,000 US deaths, which is at the low end of the range previously provided. This reflects an increase in the average age of COVID deaths, and a decrease in the percentage of those deaths occurring in the south [ph] The first quarter COVID life claims include approximately $25 million in claims incurred in our direct-to-consumer division, or 10% of its first quarter premium income, approximately $4 million at Liberty National, or 5.5% of its premium for the quarter, and approximately $15 million at American Income, or 4% of its first quarter premium. We continue to experience relatively low levels of COVID claims on policy sold since the start of the pandemic. Approximately two thirds of COVID claim counts come from policies issued more than 10 years ago. For business issued since March of 2020, we paid 624 COVID life claims with a total amount paid of $9.3 million. The 624 policies with COVID claims comprise only 0.01% of the approximately 4 million policies issued by Globe Life during that time. These levels are not out of line with our expectations. As noted on past calls, in addition to COVID losses, we continue to experience higher life policy obligations from lower policy lapses and non-COVID causes of death. The increase from non-COVID causes of death are primarily medical related, including deaths due to lung ailments, heart and circulatory issues, and neurological disorders. The losses we are seeing continued to be elevated over 2019 levels, due at least in part we believe, to the pandemic and the existence of either delayed or unavailable health care, and potentially side effects of having contracted COVID previously. In the first quarter, the life policy obligations related to the non-COVID causes of death and favorable lapses were approximately $7 million higher than expected, primarily due to higher non-COVID death in our direct-to-consumer division than we anticipated. For the quarter, we incurred approximately $22 million in excess life policy obligations, of which approximately $15 million relates to non-COVID life claims. For the full year, we anticipate that our excess life policy obligations will now be approximately $64 million or 2.1% of our total life premium, two thirds of which are related to higher non-COVID causes of death. This amount of the price made a $11 million greater than we previously anticipated. With respect to our earnings guidance for 2022, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $7.85 to $8.25 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The $8.05 [ph] midpoint is lower than the midpoint of our previous guidance of $8.25 primarily due to higher COVID life policy obligations related to higher expected us deaths during the year. We continue to evaluate data available from multiple sources, including the IHME and CDC to estimate total US deaths due to COVID, and to estimate the impact of those deaths on our enforce book. At the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate we will incur approximately $71 million of COVID life claims, assuming approximately 245,000 COVID deaths in the US. This is an increase of $21 million overall prior estimate. This estimate assumes daily deaths will diminish somewhat from recent levels, but remain in an endemic state throughout the year. With respect to our cost per 10,000 deaths, we now estimate we will incur COVID life claims at the rate of $2.5 million to $3.5 million per 10,000 US COVID deaths for the full year or approximately $2.8 million per 10,000 US deaths over the final three quarters of the year. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So I had a couple of questions. First, if you could talk about the decline in the agent count. And I guess it's multiple factors. But to what extent is a difficulty finding new agents in this labor market versus just the sort of departures of people that you've hired over the past couple of years for other jobs? And then did lead [ph] how do you think this applies for sales? Do you think this is something that will pressure sales as you get into late this year and into next year?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I'll address the first question first, I'm not sure the second part is true that recruiting has been challenging because there's so many work opportunities. I'd also remind everyone that there's typically a decline in agent count sequentially from the fourth quarter to first quarter because of seasonality of holidays that affect American Income and Family Heritage. We also have open enrollments at Liberty National [indiscernible] the holidays, people are focused on open enrollment during that period. I do believe continued agency growth because our agency is selling the underserved middle income market. Also there's absolutely no shortage of underemployed workers looking for a better opportunity. You know, historically we've been able to grow the agencies regardless of economic conditions. For example, during the economic downturn and high unemployment of 2008 to 2010, American Income had high - have very strong agency growth in 2018 and 2019, and US experienced record low unemployment, American Income, Liberty National, Family Heritage had strong growth. Our long term ability to grow the agencies Jimmy, really depends on growing middle management, expanding new office openings and providing additional sales tools for agents. During 2022, we anticipate opening new offices, increasing the number of general managers in all three agencies. We're also providing additional sales technology to support our agents. Jimmy, could you repeat the sales question, I don't think I heard the sales question.
Jimmy Bhullar: It was - it was just that like, obviously, to the extent that you are losing people who were recently hired, then you don't lose a lot of production from them because they hadn't ramped up. But how do you think that like - does the decline in the agent count both people leaving or already agents and difficulty in hiring new agents, does that make you less optimistic about sales later this year and into next year?
Gary Coleman: What doesn't make it less optimistic, new agents was less productive than veteran [ph] agents. As you look across the three agents, the increases in sales are partially explained by the increase in productivity. As example, the largest clients of Family Heritage, we had a 16% increase in the percentage of agents submitting business, also have a 22% increase in the average premium written for agents. So that level of productivity that comes from the veteran agents, decision agents. In American Income, in the first quarter we saw personal recruits increased about 15% versus the first quarter of 2021. That's important because personal recruits are - they stay twice as long or twice as productive as the recruits from other sources. So you'll have confidence even though the agent increase will be slower this year, we'll still have the sales within the range that gave during the script.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then any comments on what you're seeing in terms of non-COVID mortality? Because it seems like claims for a number of life companies have been elevated even beyond COVID because of other health issues or related issues related potentially the COVID but not direct COVID claims?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Jimmy. I mean, that is really consistent with what we're seeing right now as well and that we are seeing, especially in the first quarter, we really did see you know, elevated level at especially in our direct-to-consumer, but you know far across the distributions, and really across all the, you know, several different causes of deaths and - but you know, primarily, as I mentioned, in the heart and circulatory, lung, you know, some of the neurological disorder type areas, you know, we really do attribute to the various side effects of COVID, and whether just the, you know, not had getting care when they needed it, you know, throughout 2021, or side effects of having habits and, you know, declined health for the survivors of COVID. You know, as we're looking at, in 2022, you know, looking back, we thought some early trends back in December, that kind of led us to believe that we would start to see a, you know, a decrease in those claims in 2022. And so we had originally anticipated, those kinds of trending back to more normal levels over the course of the year. In the first quarter really wasn't worse than what, you know, we've seen in the past, a little bit elevated, but not substantially, so. But it was just, you know, greater than what we had anticipated. We do think over time, that these, again, you kind of revert back to normal levels, but probably a little bit more slowly, you know, that will be originally anticipated.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then, just lastly, on the accounting changes, do you have any sort of initial commentary on what you expect the impact to be, both in terms of the balance sheet, and on the income statement?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, no, no updates from what we had talked about on the last quarter, we do anticipate giving some more quantitative disclosure, here after the end of the second quarter. We're still in the process of finalizing, if you will, our model is doing the testing, making sure our controls are in place, looking at you know, the various aspects of validating our numbers, if you will. So, as I said, on the last call, we do anticipate a favorable impact on operating earnings perspective primarily through, you know, reduced the changes being made on the amortization side of the balance sheet or the income statement. And then with respect to the equity on the AOCI, there will be some decrease there clearly from just the changes in the interest rate.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hi, good morning. I thought I'd go back to the producing agent count numbers. So the new targets for American Income are negative 2 to positive 3, that's versus 3 to 8 at your last quarterly guidance. Liberty National zero to 14 is versus 3 to 18 last time, and then Family Heritage, 8 to 25 versus 12 to 30 last time. So I guess the question is, was it - was it the tight labor market that's primarily driving this change in guidance? Is there something else? You know, what are some of the key drivers of this new guidance?
Gary Coleman: Like for American Income, one of the key drivers is just the amount of agency [ph] growth we had in 2020 and 2021. As you recall, we had greater than 20% agency growth, agency growth is always a stair step process. So I wouldn't expect the same level of agency growth in 2022 that we had in 2020 through 2021. I think the uncertainty really is around the other two agencies has to do with COVID. Now if you recall, Liberty National really sells a majority of the sales worksite presentations and those take place at the place of business. And those appointments are made more difficult to set during the pandemic. The COVID continues to decline. And the agency count growth of Liberty National would be the upper end of the range. Because you're able to recruit to an end business sale, the COVID doesn't decline. I'd expect our guidance to be at the low end of the range. Likewise, the Family Heritage, they don't sell life insurance with weeds [ph] they sell in the home, physically in the home or at the business. And those appointments were very difficult to set during the pandemic. Again COVID continues to decline. The agent count growth with Family Heritage with the upper end of the range, because you're better able to recruit to an at home or you're at business sales to a [indiscernible] expect Family Heritage What was encouraged and I think, is the sales levels we had in the first quarter with a 90% sales growth at Family Heritage, that's really easy to recruit to because the agents are having such success. Likewise, we saw worksite sales increase 10% for the quarter, first quarter of '22 versus '21. So that's easy to recruit to win or more prospects in the worksite market.
Andrew Kligerman: That makes a lot of sense, particularly Liberty and Family Heritage. But I guess, again, on American Income, you know, you knew about the agency growth that was so strong in '20 and '21. And yet, you gave the guidance of 3% to 8%. Now, it's just it's off a bit sharply. Anything else, Larry, that might, you know, they've changed your thinking in the course of two or three months.
Larry Hutchison: Not two or three months. So I'd remind you at American Income, we had a large number of offices opened in 2018 and 2019, and recruited in - that resulted in higher agency growth for those new offices. During COVID was more difficult to open those new offices. So we have lower new office resumes in 2022, than we had in '21 and '22, excuse me, '21 and '22, to say '18 and '19. Again, I will say that we look at American Income with approximately 10,000 agents, a 3% increase is 300 agents, that's a large number of agents to bring in and train and enter your systems. So again, referring back to the startup process, we always have agent growth, following the faster growth. If you go back to '17 and '18, you would see that American Income and Family Heritage we had almost zero agent growth in those two years. Then in '19 to '20, we had the accelerated agent growth. So this follows a pattern that historically we've seen in all three agencies.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. Okay. And then, you know, you talked a little bit about going forward, some building out the middle management and an increasing the offices further, as we go through '22. Could you could you put any numbers around it or any further color?
Larry Hutchison: For the year for all three agencies, we expect to increase middle management for 5 to 8 percentage, that's so important, because middle management really drives most of the recruiting on all three agencies. So that the lack of agent growth at American and Family Heritage, put some middle management growth during 2022, as we see the agent growth accelerate, more people will take that opportunity and move into middle management. Again, we've had such rapid agent growth at American Income. I think the 5% to 8% growth is certainly a reasonable number to assume for a reasonable range to assume for 2022. I feel the Heritage has - or excuse me, Liberty Nationals, you see the worksite sales increase, we'll see that same increase in middle management.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And, you know, I guess lastly, you were just touching on how sort of those elevated, you know, sort of non-COVID, but COVID related claims reverting back over time and we've heard that from some of the big US life reinsurers as well. Anything further there, is it just you know, once COVID subsides all these - these kinds of situations where people aren't, aren't getting medical checkups, et cetera, et cetera, that'll just kind of subside with COVID. Anything else that gives you confidence that will revert over time?
Larry Hutchison: No, I think, Andrew that that's, you know, largely when you think about getting back to access to health care. And, you know, just generally people filling, you know, getting more comfortable with, you know, getting out of their homes and getting back into the doctor's office and getting the care that they need to take care of their conditions. You know, I think that as time goes on, obviously, we'll start to see, you know, get more experience in the numbers, and be able to get a little better sense of that. I think, you know, at this point in time, it's, you know, where you look at this elevated level, and you kind of see the situation and it's more from the belief that over time. But as we get past the COVID pandemic, and just again, use of health care gets back to normal levels. That's where we would anticipate that it would give that the non-COVID deaths would get back into kind of normal levels as well, at least until we start to see, you know, some - something in the numbers that would indicate otherwise.
Andrew Kligerman: Yeah, that seems very encouraging for '23 and 2023 and '24. Anyway, thank you very much for answering the questions.
Larry Hutchison: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll go to Eric Bass with Autonomous Research.
Eric Bass: Hi, thank you. It looks like the lapses ticked up a little bit from where they've been running in the life business. So just wondering, are you starting to see persistency begin to normalize? And is that something you'd expect to continue?
Gary Coleman: Eric, I think that's true of Liberty National appears that we're - we're getting back more towards the pre-pandemic level lapses. Of the direct-to-consumer side, we're - the lapse rates were a little bit higher, first relapse is a little bit higher than it had been in late 2020 and 2021. But it along with the renewal lapse rates are still favorable compared to where we were pre-pandemic. American Income, I think we've had a fluctuation there this quarter. The first year lapse rate was a little over 10%, which is normally, you know, less than 9%. I think we're - I think that will settle down as we go forward. And I think, like direct consumer, the rights there in American Income will be a little bit higher than what we experienced in '21, but still favorable versus the pre-pandemic levels.
Eric Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then can you remind me, I think one of the other factors driving the excess life claims that you're assuming is the better persistency. Just kind of provide a reminder of what you're assuming there and how that works through?
Larry Hutchison: Yeah. About a third, you know, I've mentioned in the opening comments that, you know, for the year, we have total access policy obligations, and, you know, we're estimating at around $64 million. And about a third of that is due to the higher lapses. Just over time, I mean, we are bringing that down, if you will, over the course of 2022. And, as Gary indicated, we still anticipate having favorable persistency you know, versus pre-pandemic levels. But we are kind of grading that back over time that by the end of the year, still anticipating some favorable persistency. And then that favorable persistency does result in some higher policy obligations than normal. So, over time, again, we kind of just graded that doubt slowly, though, over the course of the year.
Eric Bass: Thanks. And if I could sneak one more, on your excess investment income, I think it was up to year-over-year this quarter, and your guidance is still for it to decline on kind of $1 basis. Was there anything unusual in the investment income this quarter?
Frank Svoboda: Eric, we had, the income from the limited partnerships that we had was about $2.5 million higher than expected. And I think that's a little bit of a tiny thing. So the investment income  that investment income was weighted heavier towards the first quarter than will be later in the year.
Eric Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll go to Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. On the 15 million of non-COVID excess mortality claims in the quarter. Can you give that by division, I guess I'm curious if it was more concentrated in direct-to-consumer like your - like the direct COVID claims or
Gary Coleman: Yeah, so the total access obligations, I think indicated were about $7 million higher. You know, for
Ryan Krueger: I was I was looking the $15 million of the  I think you said there was $24 million of indirect policy obligations and $15 million was from mortality?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Okay. Yes. And about $10 million of that was from related to DTC and about $2 million, each from, I guess, about $11 million DTC, $2 million each from AIO and NLL [ph]
Ryan Krueger: I guess, is there is there any - as you dug into the data is, is there - are there any conclusions as to why you think you're seeing more concentration in both direct and indirect COVID claims in direct-to-consumer relative to the agent driven divisions?
Gary Coleman: You know, I think just in general, as we look at it, you know, remember that direct-to-consumer is just a higher mortality, you know, business. So, you know, just in the normal course of time, their policy obligations make up about 54% or 55% of their total premium. Whereas for both Liberty and American Income, you know, they're in that 30% to 35% range, you know, kind of on a pre-pandemic level. So just from a from a proportion perspective, DTC is just, you know, has this higher mortality. You know, other than just being part of that - there just tend to be a broader swath of the US population, if you will, and having just tends to be, I'm going to say, just be a little less healthy group of policyholders, just because we do less underwriting and remember as yet simplified underwriting and direct-to-consumer, we don't really see anything else in the numbers, if you want to specifically point to, you know, anything specific with DTC.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then when I look at your - if I take your life underwriting income in both 2021, and in the first quarter, and if I add back the direct and indirect COVID, and mortality impacts that you cited, it looks like the margin would have been about 29% of premium. If you add everything back, which is higher than it was running pre-pandemic, which I think was more in that 27% to 28% range. Is 29% more indicative of what you'd expect once the pandemic fully ends? Are there some other offset?
Larry Hutchison: You know, Ryan, I think one additional piece there is that we're - we're seeing improved or lower amortization of deferred acquisition costs because the improved persistency. And so that's a piece it gets you from the 20 into what we would say a normal 28 to the 29 that you came up with.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll go to John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. Can you maybe talk about how inflation changes the dynamics or distribution of products in your targeted demographic? Maybe at bit differently, how do you think through sales persistency holding up in a soft economic environment driven by inflation?
Gary Coleman: I'll first talk about the impact of inflation, its really different in each distribution for the agency channels. We expect a little impact on the level of sales due to inflation. Remember, we sell at a needs basis. [indiscernible] favorably the impacted customers need a larger face amount, should a client need to purchase additional coverage. While monthly premiums associate the products for social is only a slight increase in premiums. Our premiums are designed to comprise only a small percentage of the agencies budget. The direct-to-consumer inflation could be a negative for the [indiscernible] channels, inflation increases overall cost of venture male [ph] media due to postal rate and paper cost increases. As such, we will probably need to adjust mail volumes to maintain profit margins. However, we can't expand the use of the Internet and email channels to offset those decreases. For Medicare Supplement United American inflation can lead to higher medical trends, its higher in trend will be offset with rate increases over time to achieve the lifetime loss ratios. To the extent medical trends are higher than assumed, profit margins may actually improve as the fixed dollar acquisition costs become a lower percentage of premium.
John Barnidge: That's very helpful. And then maybe on the investment portfolio as a follow up. The rate environments clue changed a lot. Is this change maybe interesting floating rate securities versus more versus fixed at all? Or maybe talk about how rates have changed your view on investments?
Larry Hutchison: Well, John, we - as you know, we primarily invest long and that's the reason we do that is because our liabilities are long. Yeah, we have seen especially at CAGR [ph] rates we've seen you know the in the quarter from the beginning of quarter, the end of the quarter the curve flattening. However, when you take in consideration, spreads, still a longer the 25 year bonds that we're buying, providing - still provide a substantial yield enhancement over the shorter are bonds. So - but we don't - you know, we're trying to look for the best opportunities. We don't rule out investing short. There, especially times if we want to improve diversification or quality or whatever the - we do go shorter. And in fact, we are going short to a certain extent when you talk about the alternatives that we're investing in, as I mentioned, that we're going to invest approximately $200 million in 2022, in these limited partnerships that are credit structure - structured credit type of arrangement. Yeah, they're shorter and they still give us a good yield. But for the most part, you know, when we're investing for assets to support our policy liabilities, we need to - we need to invest long, where we stand today, as I mentioned, 15% will be going to the shorter investors, but that means 85% are still going to be in the longer investments.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much for answering. Best of luck in the quarter ahead.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn it back to Mr. Mike Majors for any additional or closing comments.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's call. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2020 10-K in any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $178 million or $1.76 per share compared to $204 million or $1.93 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $172 million or $1.70 per share, a decline of 2% per share from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 8.8%, and book value per share is $85.9, excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 12.3% and book value per share is $58.50, up 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, we continue to see improved persistency compared to pre-pandemic levels. In the fourth quarter, premium revenue increased 8% from a year ago to $733 million. Life underwriting margin was $146 million, down 11% from a year ago. The decline in margin is due primarily to higher COVID-related claims, which Frank will discuss further in his comments. In 2022, we expect life premium revenue to grow 6% to 7%, and at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to grow around 29% due primarily to an expected decline in COVID claims. In health insurance, Premium revenue grew 8% over the year ago quarter to $313 million, and health underwriting margin was up 12% to $81 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to increased premium and improved claims experience. In 2022, we expect health premium revenue to grow 6% to 7%, and underwriting margin to grow around 3%. Administrative expenses were $70 million for the quarter, up 11% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7% compared to 6.5% a year ago. For the year, administrative expenses were 6.6% of premium, same as last year. In 2022, we expect administrative expenses to grow 9% to 10% and be around 6.8% of premium due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, employee costs, a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs and the addition of Global Life Benefits division. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I will now discuss each distribution channel. At American Income, life premiums were up 11% over the year ago quarter to $364 million, and life underwriting margin was down 3% to $102 million. The higher premium is primarily due to improved persistency and higher sales in recent quarters. In the fourth quarter of 2021, net life sales were $74 million, up 4%. The increase in net life sales is due to increased productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 9,530, down 1% from the year ago quarter and down 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 9,415. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $79 million, while life underwriting margin was down 12% to $12 million. The decline in underwriting margin was caused by higher claims expense. Net life sales increased 4% to $19 million and net health sales were $8 million, up 7% from the year ago quarter due to increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,724, up 1% from the year ago quarter and up 1% compared to the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,804. About 4% sales growth may not appear dramatic. We are very pleased with the ability of both Liberty and American Income agencies to build on the significant increases we saw a year ago. Fourth quarter sales for 2021 at Liberty and American Income are higher than the fourth quarter of 2019 by approximately 29% and 25%, respectively. At Family Heritage shelf premiums increased 8% over the year ago quarter to $89 million, and health underwriting margin increased 16% to $25 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due to increased premium and improved claims experience. Net health sales were down 13% to $18 million due to a lower agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,194, down 18% from the year ago quarter, but up 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,157. We'll continue to focus on sales and recruiting at Family Heritage in 2022. In our direct-to-consumer division of Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $237 million, while underwriting margin declined at 47% to $12 million. Frank will further discuss the decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $34 million, down 14% from the year ago quarter. We expected this sales decline due to the high level of sales growth experienced in the fourth quarter of 2020. Although sales declined from the fourth quarter of 2020, we are still pleased with this quarter's sales results as it was 13% higher than the fourth quarter of 2019. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 12% over the year ago quarter to $130 million. The health underwriting margin increased 7% to $20 million. The increase in underwriting margin as a result of increased premium. Net Health sales were $27 million, up 19% compared to the year ago quarter. It is difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment. I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2022 and to be in the following ranges: American Income, an increase of 3% to 8%; Liberty National, an increase of 3% to 18%, and Family Heritage, an increase of 12% to 30%. Net life sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows: American Income an increase of 2% to 10%; Liberty National, an increase of 8% to 16%; direct-to-consumer, a decrease of 6% to an increase of 4%. Net health sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, an increase of 7% to 15%; Family Heritage, an increase of 3% to 11%; the United American individual Medicare supplement, a decrease of 1% and to an increase of 7%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $59 million, down 4% from a year ago. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was flat. For the year, excess investment income in dollars declined 2%, but on a per share basis, was up 1%. In 2022, we expect excess investment income to decline around 3% but to grow around 1% on a per share basis. As to investment yield, in the fourth quarter, we invested $271 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.49%, an average rating of A+ and an average life of 31 years. We also invested $45 million in limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.17%, down 12 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2020. As of December 31, the portfolio yield was 5.17%. Invested assets are $19.2 billion, including $17.8 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Other fixed maturities, $17.1 billion are in investment grade with an average rating of A-, and below investment-grade bonds are $702 million compared to $841 million a year ago. The percentage of below vessel grades bonds to fixed maturities of 3.9%. Excluding net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio below investment-grade bonds as a percentage of equity or 12%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as years ago. Bonds rated BBB are 54% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Because we invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns and that's due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. For the full year 2022 at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to invest approximately $900 million in fixed maturities at an average yield rate of around 3.9% and approximately $200 million in limited partnership investments with debt like characteristic at an average rate of around 7%. We are encouraged by the prospect of higher interest rates. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income. We are not concerned about potential losses that are interest rate driven since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. In addition, our live products have fixed benefits that are not interesting. While we would clearly benefit from higher interest rates, Globe Life can continue to thrive in an extended low interest rate environment. Now I will turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. In the fourth quarter, the company repurchased 1.6 million shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of $145 million at an average share price of $90.97. The ended the fourth quarter with liquid assets of approximately $119 million. For the full year, we spent approximately $455 million to purchase 4.8 million shares at an average share price of $95.11. The total amount spent on repurchases included $85 million from excess liquidity at the parent. To date, in 2022, we have repurchased 230,000 shares for $23 million at an average price of $101.17. In 2021, the parent had approximately $450 million of excess cash flows available to be returned to shareholders. Of this amount, $80 million was paid to shareholders in the form of dividends, and $370 million was returned through share repurchases. Including our total share repurchases and the shareholder dividends, the company returned $535 million to its shareholders in 2021. For 2022, while 2021 statutory financials have not been finalized, we expect around $465 million to $470 million in cash flow to be available to the parent before the payment of interest on its debt and dividends to its shareholders. After payments of interest on its debt, the parent should have around $380 million to $385 million available to return to its shareholders either in the form of dividends or through share repurchases. This amount is lower than 2021, primarily due to higher COVID life losses incurred in 2021, and the nearly 15% growth in our exclusive agency sales, both of which result in lower statutory income in 2021 and thus lower dividends to the parent in 2022 that were received in 2021. Obviously, while an increase in sales creates a drag to the parent's cash flows in the short term, they will result in higher operating cash flows in the future. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the parent's excess cash flows after the payment of shareholder dividends. As previously noted, we had approximately $119 million of liquid assets at the end of the year as compared to the $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets we have historically targeted. We currently expect that approximately $25 million to $30 million of this amount will be needed for additional insurance company capital in 2022. We will continue to evaluate the potential impact of the pandemic on our capital needs. And should there be excess liquidity, we anticipate the company will return such excess to the shareholders in 2022. In our earnings guidance, we anticipate between $325 million and $350 million of share repurchases will occur during the year. With regard to our capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. For 2021, since our statutory financial statements are not yet finalized, our consolidated RBC ratio is not yet known. However, we anticipate the final 2021 RBC ratio will be near the midpoint of this range. At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments related to the impact of COVID-19 on fourth quarter results. For the year, the company incurred approximately $140 million of COVID life claims, including $58 million in the fourth quarter. The claims incurred in the fourth quarter were approximately $23 million higher than anticipated primarily due to elevated levels of COVID deaths in both the third and fourth quarters, likely due to the impact of the Delta variant. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, reported that approximately 115,000 U.S. deaths occurred due to COVID in the fourth quarter, a little higher than the $100,000 projected on our last call. In addition, after the end of last quarter, and based on actual debt certificates received by the agency, the CDC revised their estimate of third quarter death upward by approximately 28,000, indicating the impact of the Delta variants in the third quarter was worse than they originally reported. This is consistent with the adverse claims development we experienced related to the third quarter. The impact of which is included in our fourth quarter results. Based on data we currently have available, we now estimate COVID losses on deaths occurring in the third quarter were at the rate of $3.9 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths, and approximately $3.7 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths occurring in the fourth quarter. This is at the higher end of the range previously provided. For the full year 2021, our losses averaged approximately $3 million per 10,000 U.S. deaths. The fourth quarter COVID life claims include approximately $27 million in claims incurred in our direct-to-consumer division or 11.5% of its fourth quarter premium income, approximately $10 million at Liberty National or 12.9% of its premium for the quarter, and approximately $16 million at American Income or 4.5% of its fourth quarter premium. To date, we have experienced low levels of COVID claims on policies sold since the start of the pandemic. The vast majority, roughly 68% of COVID claim counts come from policies issued more than 10 years ago and approximately 3% from policies issued in 2020 and 2021. For business issued since March of 2020, we paid 394 COVID life claims with a total amount paid of $5.2 million. The 394 claims comprised only 0.01% of the nearly 4 million policies issued by Global Life during that time. As noted on past calls, in addition to COVID losses, we continue to experience higher policy obligations from lower policy lapses and non-COVID causes of death. The increase from non-COVID causes of death are primarily medical related, including deaths due to heart and circulatory issues and neurological disorders. The losses we are seeing continue to be elevated over 2019 levels due at least in part, we believe, to the pandemic and the existence of either delayed or unavailable health care. In the fourth quarter, the policy obligations related into the non-COVID causes of death and favorable lapses were in line with projections at approximately $16 million. For the full year, we incurred approximately $78 million in excess policy obligations with about $46 million of those related to higher reserves due to lower policy lapses and $32 million related to non-COVID claims. With respect to our earnings guidance for 2022, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $8 to $8.50 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The $8.25 midpoint is lower than the midpoint of our previous guidance of $8.35, primarily due to higher non-COVID policy obligations related to better expected persistency and health underwriting income being slightly lower than previously anticipated. We continue to evaluate data available for multiple sources, including the IHME and CDC to estimate total U.S. deaths due to COVID and to estimate the impact of those deaths on our in-force book. For 2022, we estimate that we will incur COVID life claims at the rate of $3 million to $4 million per 10,000 U.S. COVID deaths. At the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate we'll incur approximately $50 million of COVID life claims, assuming approximately 145,000 COVID deaths in the U.S., most of which are expected to occur in the first half of the year. Now I'd like to take a few moments to comment on some qualitative impacts of the new long-duration accounting standard that will be effective in 2023. We anticipate being in a position to discuss the more quantitative impacts of the standard on our book of business after the second quarter of this year once we finalize and properly test our models, our assumptions and the determination of current discount rates. To the extent we are in a position to discuss the quantitative impact sooner we will do so. Remember, nearly all of our business is impacted by the new rules, and we are required to apply historical data and future assumptions on every 1 of our 16 million policies subject to the rules. Given the volume and complexity of computations, we need to ensure the computations have been validated with proper controls in place before discussing the quantitative impacts. In general, this accounting change will have no economic impact on the cash flows of our business. Meaning it will not impact our premium rates, the amount of premiums we collect nor the amount of claims we ultimately pay. In addition, it will not influence us to change our business model. of providing basic protection-oriented products to the underserved and low to middle income market. The accounting change will also not impact our capital management philosophies as this is a GAAP accounting change and will not impact the capital required by our regulators to be held at our insurance subsidiaries or the amount of dividend cash flow to the parent, both of which are driven by statutory accounting rules. The accounting standard simply modifies the timing of when the profits emerge on our insurance policies. With respect to the impact on earnings, overall, we anticipate our reported GAAP net income and net operating income to increase under the new standard. With respect to our reported underwriting income, we expect a relatively small change to our overall policy obligation ratios and expect the amortization of our deferred acquisition cost to be significantly lower in the near and intermediate term. This significant reduction in amortization is primarily due to the requirement to stop interest accruals on DAC asset balances and to unlock lapse assumptions, which will generally extend amortization periods beyond current schedules. Both of these changes will result in less amortization being incurred as a percent of premium. Thus, we anticipate our reported underwriting income and our underwriting margin as a percent of premium to increase due to these changes. A portion of the expected increase in underwriting income will be offset by a reduction in excess investment income relating to the elimination of interest accruals on our DAC asset. With respect to the potential impact to our equity, under the standard, we will elect a modified retrospective approach as of January 1, 2021. This standard requires a much more granular view of reserve sufficiency. For certain blocks that have embedded policy reserve deficiencies, we will be required to increase the policy reserve balance as of the transition date or January 1, 2021. We do not expect this adjustment to cause a significant change to equity, excluding AOCI, upon adoption of the standard. We do, however, expect that our reported GAAP equity, including the effects of AOCI will be significantly reduced upon adoption. This is primarily due to the requirement to use current discount rates to remeasure the policy liabilities for AOCI purposes, which are lower than our current valuation rates that are based on historical investment strategies and assumptions. Since current rates are lower than the rates assumed in valuing our policy liabilities for income statement purposes, we will have an unrealized interest rate loss that is recognized through AOCI. This is especially relevant for Globe given the high persistency of our products and the fact that we have many policies still on the books that were sold 30, 40 or even 50 years ago, when the interest rate environment was much higher than today. While the required methodology requires the unrealized interest rate loss to be reflected in AOCI, it ignores the unrealized gains from underwriting margins on future premiums that are available to fund future policy benefits and changes in interest rates, which has the effect of overstating the policy liability that will be reflected on the balance sheet upon adoption. Given our strong persistency, this exclusion is especially impactful the globe, due to our strong underwriting margins and low policy obligation ratio. To lower the ratio, the more future gains from future premiums that are excluded from the computation of the new liability. Finally, as the average duration of our policy liabilities is over 20 years, the amount of the ALC adjustment is expected to be larger in the AOCI market rate adjustment on our fixed maturity portfolio, will be sensitive to changes in interest rates and will have the potential to be volatile going forward when the current interest rate used to determine the reported policy liabilities is reset each quarter. Should interest rates decrease from period to period, we will see a decrease in our reported AOCI. If interest rates increase, we will see an increase in our reported AOCI. Again, none of these interest rate changes will impact the amount of claims we will pay in the future. In summary, we expect the new guidance will be a positive to our net -- our GAAP net income and net operating income, and will initially result in a significantly lower GAAP equity, including AOCI due to the adjustments required in computing the policy liabilities to reflect current interest rates. While the new guidance will likely lower GAAP equity, including AOCI as of the transition date for many life insurance companies, we expect the impact will be amplified for Globe and other companies like Globe, that have a substantial portion of their business subject to the new guidance, reserves on policies issued many years ago, policy liabilities with long duration and strong underwriting margins. Following the transition date, we expect GAAP equity, including AOCI, to be more volatile as market rate adjustments impacting our policy liabilities will be greater than those impacting our fixed maturity assets. Given the noneconomic impact on our business operations from these market adjustments due to our intent and ability to hold assets to maturity and the noninterest-sensitive nature of our liability cash flows. We still believe that equity, excluding AOCI, will be a superior and more meaningful measure of Globe's financial condition going forward. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can now take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: So first, just a question on claims and the life side. You mentioned non-COVID claims being high. Do you think some of those are related to the pandemic as well indirectly? Or are they independent of that and could stay elevated even once go over debates?
Frank Svoboda: We do think that a good portion of those are indirectly related to the pandemic seems to be just looking at trends that we're seeing across the U.S. would give an indication that some of these are at least can be attributed to either delayed in care or delay in care, so we do anticipate the start and to subside somewhat in 2022. And we anticipate that they'll start to be less impactful over the course of 2 but we do anticipate that we'll still at least see some elevated levels throughout the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: And has your view on margins being like longer term changed at all because of what's happened with COVID either because of any potential sort of adverse selection in your sales or just long-term health effects of the pandemic?
Frank Svoboda: At this time, Jimmy, it's really hard to determine what that impact will be. Right now, our views are not -- have not been changed with respect to that. Whether it has some potential negatives due to COVID and, if you will, the long cover that's being talked about, having an adverse impact on mortality, there's also the possibility of some positive impacts to mortality in the future, whether that be through improved vaccines. The use of this particular vaccine, another type of factors that might normally cause some better mortality. So at this time, it's a little bit early. We'll continue to look at the data and see what's out there and take that into consideration.
Jimmy Bhullar: And just lastly, can you talk about like recruiting and retention, how that is given the tight labor market? And how much of a tough environment it is given the market?
Frank Svoboda: I'm sure the new agent recruiting was down as expected in part because of the seasonality we experienced in the fourth quarter of this year and we relate season of last year, agent retention has actually increased over the last 2 years, particularly about income because of the export home schedule. I would say that the -- we're seeing more candidates look at the Asian opportunity. There's just so many available jobs in this labor market, it's been a little bit difficult to track and also retain new agents. But I know we can grow our 3 agencies going forward. Historically, we've been able to do that. And as an example, the economic downturn in 2010 following that American Income had strong agency growth. And in 2018 and '19, where we had record low unemployment, American Income, Liberty and Family Heritage all had strong growth, assuming our ability to grow the agencies, it really depends on growing middle management, expanding through new office openings and providing additional sales to our agents. And during 2022, we are going to open new offices in the 3 agencies. We increased the number of mine managers in all 3 agencies are also providing additional sales technologies to support our agents. So as COVID declines, we expect to see the recruiting and agent counts pick up during the end of the first and the second quarter of this year.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hello, can you hear me?
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Andrew Kligerman: You mentioned $27 million of the COVID claims came from direct-to-consumer. Any concern around that is it something to lead into that being the biggest component of the COVID claims and not the biggest component of premium.
Frank Svoboda: No, the -- it has a little bit more of an impact on DTC, kind of given their one, their simplified underwriting, there -- they tend to have a mortality that mirrors a little bit more closely to that of the general U.S. population. And then just remember that their policy obligations are a much greater percentage of their premiums. And so we expect higher mortality just in general, within our DTC line than we do in our other agency lines. One of the things that we do look is we look at what percentage of their claims are being paid related to COVID versus kind of the average for the entire company, and it's in line. And when you look at total claims, we also take a look at just what levels of increased activity we're seeing on our COVID claims versus what would be expected when looking at COVID death across the U.S. And again, we're comfortable that our risk profile really hasn't changed with respect to GTC.
Andrew Kligerman: And maybe just a quick follow-up on the recruiting question. As we looked at the American Income agents down 3% year-over-year. And the Family Heritage agents down 21%. The points were great as to the ability to grow. But why not in 2021? Why the drop off, particularly at Family Heritage?
Larry Hutchison: I think 2021 is an extraordinary year that we and the COVID, and I think in all 3 agencies, there was an equal or maybe a greater emphasis on production rather than recruiting. At Family Heritage, the family heritage is a life insurance company -- excuse me, a health insurance company versus a life insurance company. And I think it was much more difficult to recruit returns in 2020 and 2021 that was life insurance because of the extraordinary demand for life insurance. In addition, Family Heritage is a much smaller -- or has much smaller agencies in either Liberty National or American Income.  So now managers at Family Heritage are much more involved in production within recruiting in larger agencies of American Income and Liberty National. Middle Managers are primarily focused on recruiting rather than production. I think the last change at Family Heritage is that if you think about life insurance agencies leads, we support virtual contact and presentations. And so it was easy to recruit to those virtual presentations. Health Agent usually contacts health insurance without the benefit of leads, and those tend to be in person in home presentations versus virtual. So again, it was more difficult to be true.
Andrew Kligerman: And then just maybe lastly, real quickly on persistency. You highlighted that it was very good. Premium was up a terrific 8% in the quarter. Do you feel good about that from a claims standpoint going forward? Some have suggested a variety of insurance companies that there could be persistency anti-selection. How do you feel about the greater persistency in terms of the profitability going forward?
Frank Svoboda: Well, Andrew, we're seeing the improvements in persistency both in the first year and renewal year. And -- but we haven't seen anything to cause us have concern that we would have ANDA selection. I think it's -- again, it's more of the -- what we've talked about before that the pandemic has raised the awareness of the need for protection. And our policyholders, that's 1 they buy is for the pure protection. And so -- we haven't seen indications that could be a selection. We really don't expect it. Now the persistency may not hold at the higher levels, higher than pre-pandemic levels for a longer period of time, that we don't know. The persistency this year is just a little bit less than it was for 2020, but we're still higher at prepandemic level. At some point, it could go back to prepandemic levels, but we don't expect there to be any extreme as far as analyst selection or things like that.
Operator: And we can now take our next question from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: Can you maybe talk about average age of COVID death in 4Q '21 versus 3Q '21 for your insurance?
Mike Majors: Yes. What we saw in the -- in our paid claims was about the same. It's -- we had about overall, about 62% of our debts are over 60. And that was a little bit about the same overall is what we really saw in Q2. What we're starting to see -- because a lot of those COVID deaths still are kind of hitting a little bit of the younger ages than what we had seen earlier in the pandemic. And of course, we also saw kind of more in the south in those paid claims in both Q3 and Q4. Q4 was probably about the same. As far as the geography was concerned as well. I should probably just a little bit more even in the South as we caught up on some of those death that had occurred in the third quarter. When we kind of tried to sit through the numbers and look at more of our incurred claims, we're seeing just a slight trending upward on that average age. I don't have what that exact -- the exact age is, are seeing a little bit more trend toward higher ages, which gives us an indication for the future anyway that may be seeing that average age move forward a little bit as some of the younger ages get more vaccinated.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question, with employment market hot makes it more challenging for commission like job recruitment. Can you maybe talk about the tools that are being brought to existing producing agents to drive productivity gains?
Mike Majors: Well, I think that it's not necessarily tools, but we obviously have additional technology we've entered or we've given the agents from 2019, '20 and '21, so they can better recapture beads and a more efficient with the virtual presentations in terms of more presentations and it's a lower cost of them because its not the travel alone.
Operator: We can now take our next question from Eric Bass of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Eric Bass: I think you mentioned one of the factors and you're changing your guidance range was a reduction in the health underwriting margin outlook. So I was just hoping you can give some more color there on what you're seeing?
Mike Majors: Yes, Eric, we're just looking at what we were seeing in October and what we were projecting back at that point in time versus revised outlook here, just slightly higher. It's a little bit in several different things, maybe a little lower premium, a little higher acquisition expenses, and a little higher claims as well. So -- and I think it's a combination of all those. For the most part, we're looking at our health margins to gravitate back we had toward 2020, 2019 levels. 2020 was that we had some very favorable claims just experience, I should say. And we're really just kind of anticipating those to move back a little bit more towards the more normal levels you think about our underwriting margin on the health side, still thinking it's about between 24% and 25%, but maybe a little bit closer to 24% as a percentage of premium than what we had anticipated back in October.
Eric Bass: And then just another question on sort of the ties between recruiting and sales and obviously, a pretty wide ranges for both. And should we think of those 2 things being linked so that -- I mean if you come in towards the higher end of the agent count growth that would push you towards the higher end of the sales range and vice versa? Or are those 2 things not as directly tied?
Mike Majors: They're connected and there's a connection over a long period of time. In the short run, you can have a decrease in recruiting the new agents but actually have an increase in production because it's no veteran Asia much more productive than new agents -- so with less training time involved with middle managers, as you have more a veteran agents, you can increase your production because the percentage of agents submitting on a weekly basis can go up, the average premium written for Asian will also go up in the short run. The long-term success is obviously tied to an increase in the agent count. So if you look at long periods of time, there's a correlation that's very close between agent growth and sales growth and premium growth for each of the agency companies.
Eric Bass: So the sales ranges for this year are more a function of productivity rather than the number of agents.
Larry Hutchison: It's a product, but it's also -- those sales ranges are based on the impact of COVID and with COVID declines. If COVID declines quickly, we'd expect sales to be in the upper side of those ranges. If COVID continues at this new variants, and I expect the sales activity and the agent count would be a little lower site of those ranges.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can take our next question now from Mike Zamansky of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Zamansky: Maybe 1 question on pricing. Just given the continued uncertainty regarding the pandemic would -- are you using pricing as a tool or as the industry are you seeing pricing as a tool to kind of maybe increase pricing and combat some of the margin pressure. I feel like you guys are in a unique position to -- since your sales are mostly captive.
Mike Majors: Yes, Mike, I would say that our pricing isn't so much to combat the COVID and changes in mortality. We haven't really viewed our -- the mortality, I kind of mentioned before, the long run, long-term mortality assumptions very differently. We did have some pricing increases in 2021, but that was more for regulatory changes that went into place as well as the lower interest rate environment. So that's where -- while we had some premium increases. And given our captive agency, we're able to put in some premium increases from time to time for those purposes. But I would say that we're really seeing any for -- directly related to the COVID.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back to Mike Majors for closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2020 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $189 million or $1.84 per share compared to $189 million or $1.76 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $182 million or $1.78 per share, an increase of 2% per share from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 8.9% and book value per share is $84.52. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, Return on equity was 12.5% and book value per share is $57.11, up 9% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, as we've noted before, we have seen improved persistency since the onset of the pandemic. In the third quarter, life premium revenue increased 8% from a year ago to $729 million. Life underwriting margin was $162 million, down 5% from a year ago. The decline in margin is due primarily to higher-than-expected COVID-related claims resulting from the impact of the Delta variant. Frank will discuss this further in his comments. For the full year, we expect life premium revenue to grow 8% to 9% and underwriting margin to decline about 5%. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 4% over the year ago quarter to $299 million, and health underwriting margin was up 6% to $77 million. The increase in underwriting margin was due primarily to improved claims experience and increased premium. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow 5% to 6% and underwriting margin to grow around 11%. Administrative expenses were $68 million for the quarter, up 8% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.6% same as the year ago quarter. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow 8% to 9% and be around 6.7% of premium due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, higher pension expense and a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'm very pleased with the overall agency results. Looking forward, the addition of virtual recruiting and selling opportunities will continue to enhance our ability to grow. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American Income, life premiums were up 12% over the year ago quarter to $356 million, and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $111 million. The higher underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and higher sales in recent quarters. In the third quarter of 2021, net life sales were $74 million, up 9%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was $9,959, up 7% from the year ago quarter but down 5% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 9,800. I've often mentioned the stairstep nature of our agency growth it is normal for to see a decline in agent counts after periods of high growth as attrition occurs and more emphasis is placed on training new agents. I remain optimistic regarding our ability to grow this agency over the long term regardless of economic conditions. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $79 million, and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $16 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due primarily to higher sales in recent quarters and lower policy obligations. Net life sales increased 33% to $18 million and net health sales were $7 million, up 19% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count and increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,706, up 6% from the year ago quarter but flat compared to the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,700. We are pleased with Liberty National's continued sales growth. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year ago quarter to $87 million, and health underwriting margin increased at 9% to $24 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due primarily to improved claims experience and improved persistency. Net health sales were down 1% to $19 million due to a decreased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,152, down 16% from the year ago quarter and down 6% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,192. The focus will continue to be on recruiting for the remainder of the year. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $241 million, while life underwriting margin declined 65% to $12 million. Frank will further discuss the decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $33 million, down 25% from the year ago quarter. We expected the sales decline. As you recall, there was a 50% increase in sales in the third quarter of 2020. While there is a decline in full year sales growth compared to 2020 -- the current full year 2021 sales guidance is an increase of 19% over 2019. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 3% over the year ago quarter to $118 million, while health underwriting margin declined 3% to $18 million. Net health sales were $12 million, down 8% compared to the year ago quarter. The decline is due primarily to a more competitive market we'll continue to protect our margins and pursue this market in an opportunistic manner. It is difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment but I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for the full year for each agency at the end of 2021 to be in the following ranges: American Income, flat to an increase of 2%. The Liberty National, a decrease of 3% to an increase of 1%. Family Heritage, a decrease of 14% to 18%. Net life sales are expected to be as follows: American Income for the full year 2021, an increase of 12% to 16%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 2% to 10%. Liberty National for the full year 2021, an increase of 29% to 33%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 5% to 13%. Direct-to-consumer for the full year 2021, a decrease of 6% to 12%. For the full year 2022, a decrease of 2% to an increase of 8%. Net health sales are expected to be as follows: Liberty National for the full year 2021, an increase of 13% to 17%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 7% to 15%. Family Heritage for the full year 2021, an increase of 1% to 5%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 3% to 11%. United American Individual Medicare Supplement for the full year 2021, a decrease of 6% to flat. For the full year 2022, a decrease of 1% to an increase of 7%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We'll now turn to our investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy obligations and debt was $59 million, flat compared to a year ago. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income grew 5%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline approximately 2% and but be up 1% to 2% on a per share basis. In the third quarter, we invested $325 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average of 3.19%, an average rating of A plus and an average life of 29 years. We also invested $56 million in limited partnerships that have deadline characteristics. These investments are expected to produce incremental additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.21%, down 10 basis points from the third quarter of 2020. As of September 30, the fixed maturity portfolio yield was 5.20%. Invested assets were $19 billion, including $17.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $16.8 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. And below investment grade bonds are $782 million compared to $840 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds at fixed maturities is 4.4%, and excluding net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio below investment-grade bonds as a percentage of equity or 13%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 54% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Because we invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer has the ability to survive multiple fibers. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Low interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're assuming an average new money rate for fixed maturities of around 3.45% for the fourth quarter and a weighted average rate of around 3.9% in 2022. At these new money rates, we expect the annual yield on the fixed maturity portfolio to be around 5.21% for the full year 2021 and 5.11% in 2022. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next 5 years. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, low bond can drive on a lower to longer interest rate environment. Now I will turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. In the third quarter, the company repurchased 1 million shares of Globe Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of $96.5 million at an average share price of $94.13. For the full year, we have utilized approximately $310 million of cash to purchase 3.2 million shares at an average price of $97.17. The parent ended the third quarter with liquid assets of approximately $280 million, down from $545 million in the prior quarter. The decrease is primarily due to the redemption of the $300 million outstanding principal amount of our 6 1 8 percent junior subordinated debentures due 2056. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will generate excess cash flow during the remainder of 2021. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life's shareholders. We anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the full year to be approximately $360 million, of which approximately $25 million will be generated in the fourth quarter of 2021. Taking into account the liquid assets of $280 million at the end of the third quarter, plus $25 million of excess cash flows expected to be generated in the fourth quarter we will have approximately $305 million of assets available to the parent for the remainder of the year. As I'll discuss in more detail in just a few moments, this amount is sufficient to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and to maintain the share repurchase program for the remainder of the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share repurchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the parent's excess cash flows. At this time, the midpoint of our earnings guidance reflects $90 million to $100 million of share repurchases in the fourth quarter. In addition, we anticipate using approximately $90 million to $100 million of the parent assets to maintain our insurance subsidiaries RBC levels. Thus, taking into account the expected $305 million of assets available to the holding company less the $180 million to $200 million expected to be used for buybacks and subsidiary capital needs, we expect to have in the range of $105 million to $125 million of available assets at the holding company at the end of the year. This is approximately $55 million to $75 million in excess of the $50 million of liquid assets we have historically targeted at the holding company. We will continue to evaluate the potential impact of the pandemic on our capital needs. However, we expect that most, if not all of this excess liquidity will be returned to the shareholders in 2022, absent other more favorable alternatives. Now regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. As noted on previous calls, Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2020, our consolidated RBC ratio was 309%. At this RBC ratio, our insurance subsidiaries have approximately $50 million of capital over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. This excess capital, along with the $305 million of liquid assets that we expect to be available at the parent, provides sufficient capital to fund future capital needs. The drivers of additional capital needs in 2021 primarily relate to investment downgrades, changes in the newly adopted NAIC RBC C1 investment factors, growth of our business and higher COVID claims. With respect to downgrades, our year-to-date downgrades have totaled $291 million, but have been offset by $224 million in upgrades, including a net upgrade of $110 million in the third quarter. At this time, in our base scenario, we are not expecting any significant NAIC one-notch net downgrades or material credit losses in the fourth quarter, consistent with the favorable outlook we continue to see in our portfolio. In August, the NAIC fully adopted the new and expanded C1 investment factors. The adoption of these factors will result in higher amounts of required capital for our portfolio. In addition, higher sales, growth of our in-force business and higher COVID claims also increased our capital needs. As I mentioned previously, we anticipate $90 million to $100 million will be needed at our insurance subsidiaries to maintain the midpoint of our consolidated RBC target for 2021, including the estimated $50 million of capital relating to the higher C1 charges. As previously noted, the parent company has ample liquidity to cover this additional capital. At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments related to the impact of COVID-19 on third quarter results. Through September 30, the company has incurred approximately $82 million of COVID life claims, including $33 million in the third quarter on approximately 95,000 deaths reported by the CDC. The claims incurred in the third quarter were significantly higher than anticipated, primarily due to the significant impact the Delta variant has had on infection rates and debt totals, especially in southern states, and in younger ages met earlier in the pandemic. Our third quarter COVID life claims include approximately $17 million incurred in our direct-to-consumer division, or approximately 7.1% of its third quarter premium income, approximately $8.4 million of COVID life claims occurred at Liberty National, 10.6% of its premium for the quarter and approximately $6.7 million at American Income or 1.9% of its third quarter premium. As indicated on prior calls, we estimated that we would incur COVID life claims of roughly $2 million for every 10,000 U.S. deaths. While this was a good benchmark for our claims incurred through June 30. The spread of the COVID Delta variant has impacted our in-force book of business differently than the effect of COVID in prior quarters. In the third quarter, COVID shifted to a younger population where Globe Life has higher risk exposure, both in terms of number of policies and average face amount. In addition, we're also seeing a greater concentration of COVID deaths in the southern region of the United States where a greater proportion of our in-force policies resigned. Given our experience to date, and available information on the COVID deaths from the CDC and other sources, including the observed changes to the geography of the pandemic and the ages of people dying from COVID, we now estimate that our incurred losses in the second half of this year will be approximately $3.5 million for every 10,000 U.S. deaths. While continued changes in the mix of death in terms of geography or the age of those impacted by COVID will impact this estimate going forward. We anticipate the level of losses per U.S. deaths to range from $3 million to $4 million for every 10,000 U.S. debts in 2022. At the midpoint of our guidance for 2022, we have assumed $3.5 million of incurred losses per 10,000 deaths. To date, we have experienced low levels of COVID claims on policies sold since the start of the pandemic. In fact, over two-thirds of our clients through September 30 related to policies issued before 2010. Of the nearly 3 million policy sold since March 1, 2020, only 231 COVID clients have been paid through the end of the third quarter, totaling approximately $2.8 million in debt benefits. In addition to COVID losses, we continue to experience higher policy obligations from non-COVID causes of death and lower policy lapses. The increase from non-COVID causes of death are primarily medical related, including heart and circulatory, nonlung cancer and neurological disorders. The losses we are seeing are elevated over 2019 levels. Do at least in part, we believe, to the pandemic and the existence of either delayed or unavailable health care. In the third quarter, the policy obligations relating to the non-COVID causes of death and lapses were just slightly more than we anticipated, primarily due to higher reserves associated with better persistency at our direct-to-consumer channel. Higher-than-expected non-COVID claims and direct-to-consumer during the quarter were mostly offset by lower-than-expected non-COVID claims experience at Liberty National. For the full year, we anticipated on our last call that we would incur approximately $70 million in excess policy obligations in 2021 with about $42 million of those related to higher reserves due to lower policy lapses in 2020 and 2021. We now anticipate that our total excess obligations will be approximately $78 million, of which approximately $48 million related to higher reserves from lower lapses. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2021 and 2022. After taking into account various estimates of COVID deaths in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, we estimate fourth quarter COVID deaths of approximately $75,000 to $125,000, resulting in approximately $25 million to $45 million of COVID incurred losses. At the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate approximately $35 million of COVID losses on 100,000 U.S. deaths. The 100,000 U.S. death is consistent with the October 15 projection by the IHME. As a result of the higher COVID claims in the second half of this year than previously anticipated, we are lowering the midpoint of our guidance from $7.44 to $6.95 with a range of $6.85 to $7.05 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The $0.49 decrease in the midpoint is almost entirely due to an increase in COVID incurred losses of nearly $63 million or $0.48 of earnings per share over the amount previously anticipated. Looking forward to 2022, we anticipate that COVID deaths will continue to be with us throughout the year but at a lower level than in 2021. We estimate COVID deaths could range from 100,000 deaths for the year to 200,000 and that our losses per 10,000 U.S. deaths could range from $3 million to $4 million. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate between $50 million to $55 million of COVID-incurred losses on approximately 150,000 U.S. deaths, most of which are expected to occur in the first half of the year. Absent the impact of COVID, we believe our core earnings should be strong buoyed by premium growth in the 6% to 8% range as a result of strong sales in 2021 and continued favorable persistency. We also anticipate that the level of excess policy obligations will moderate somewhat, resulting in underwriting margins as a percentage of premium, excluding COVID losses, returning to pre-pandemic levels of around 28%. We also anticipate our health underwriting income to increase 4% to 7% during the year, with underwriting margins as a percent of premium approximately 24% to 25%. Overall, we estimate our earnings for 2022 will range from $7.95 to $8.75 with a midpoint of $8.35. The wider than historical range is to take into account the wide range of potential impacts of COVID in 2022, which are largely dependent on the emergence of new variants, adoption and effectiveness of available vaccines and therapeutics, masking practices and many other factors. Our 2022 results also reflect a full year of operations for our newest acquisition, Beazley Benefits, which has been rebranded as Globe Life Benefits. The acquisition which we closed upon in the third quarter, is expected to add over $50 million of health premium in 2022 and over $11 million of underwriting income. We are excited about the future of this new acquisition and the ability to grow this business over the long term. The agency fits well into our overall business model as they offer group supplemental health insurance solutions to employer groups through brokers, and this is complementary to our existing agencies to focus more on individual sales. Their underwriting results will be reflected in our other health lines along with our United American General Agency division. Those are my comments. I will now call -- return the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, I just had a question on margins in the Life business. And it seems like Direct Response margins have declined a lot more than in other channels. And obviously, COVID has something to do with it. But is the makeup geographic and age group for Direct Response that much different than the other channels that the only reason causing it? Or is it something other than COVID that's driving the sharp drop in margins that drive this cost?
Frank Svoboda: Well, Jimmy, as you think about direct-to-consumer, remember that they just have a higher mortality aspect to their business than our other channels. But when you look at the impact of COVID, in the third quarter, they did have about a 7%, but Liberty National had at 10.6%, which really reflected, one, it's a little bit higher concentration in the southern part. And then they also had -- in the ages that were impacted a little bit more by the Delta variant, which tend to be in the -- maybe like in the 40s to 50-year-old, they just have a little bit more exposure proportionately than direct-to-consumer debt. But direct-to-consumer is also being hit pretty hard with, if you will, with the excess COVID or compared to the other lines of business. And the -- for the full year with direct-to-consumer, we kind of expect to have maybe like 5.7% higher policy obligations, which most of that is due to losses or a little over half of that is due to lapses versus the excess non-COVID claims, whereas Liberty National and American Income, there excess non-COVID claims range from pretty flat to 1.5% or so.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then how do you think about your ability to be able to sort of retain the agency that you've hired through the pandemic, especially early on, you had seen a big pickup in recruiting because of the tight labor or weak labor market. And now it seems like the labor market has improved even in some of the previously troubled sectors, such as travel and hospitality. So is there a risk that if as the economy recovers further, that agent growth becomes an issue beyond this year and any sort of metrics you're able to share on retention would be helpful as well.
Larry Hutchison: In terms of major retention, we think the ability to sell with the digital presentation has made that agent opportunity more attractive. And therefore, we've seen an increase in retention and particularly the American income versus the prior two years. Agents are now going to make more presentations spent less time away from home and they incur far fewer travel expenses. The digital presentation is also with the geographic restriction for the agents sales leads. So in addition to that, virtual recruiting will continue to be effective. We can reach more recruits and virtual training has proven to be well accepted and efficient. This at right now that 80% to 85% of the sales of American income are virtual. We think that will continue past the pandemic.
Operator: And moving on, we'll go to Andrew Kligerman with Crdit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: A couple of questions. On the direct-to-consumer, and I know you've been touching on a number of pieces of it. Notably, that only 231 of the COVID claims came from business written post 2019, and that was for all the businesses. So with that as a backdrop, I'd like to know what the portion of claims from 29 new -- I'm sorry, post 2019 vintages in direct-to-consumer were. And your thoughts around whether these claims in direct-to-consumer that spiked up were a function of the adverse selection? Or as you were talking about, I'll use the term adverse persistency.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Andrew, really of the 230-some additional claims, roughly half of that is that direct-to-consumer. So it's not substantially all just within that line. With respect to second part of your question that I'm not sure exactly what -- if you will, I think that's just more of the numbers there. It's -- I don't have any particular reason as to why from their total claims or where that's coming from.
Andrew Kligerman: So you wouldn't -- I guess -- and again, I need to kind of sharpen my pencil after the call, but -- so let's say it's half of 231 claims at direct-to-consumer. Is that a number that would appear to be adverse selection on the amount of business written post 2019? Or would that be a normal number relative to everything else on business written post 2019 or into the pandemic. Does it seem like a normal COVID number relative to everything else?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I'm going to say that might be just a little bit higher, but that's not a number that gives us great pause with respect to looking at that level of claims over that period of time on that business. We're always going to have some claims that come in, especially in our direct-to-consumer business. There'll always be some claims that will happen in the first and second durations, if you will, after the policy has been issued. And for that level, really doesn't give us any real concern, if you will.
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry. You've been talking about close to March '20 or '19 that COVID begin March of '20. In terms of adverse selection, since that time, we've monitored income and insurance applications or an indication of the changes in the risk profile that monitoring includes factors like age, amount of insurance and geography. And at this point, we've not seen any material change in the risk profile, and so we're comfortable with those direct-to-consumer sales to date.
Andrew Kligerman: That's good to hear. And then just one follow-up on American income. Year-over-year, the agent count looked fine. It was up 7%. But sequentially, the American income ending agents were down 5% in the third quarter. And I'm wondering if this implies any recruiting or retention concerns, would love to have your feedback on that.
Larry Hutchison: Sure. The decrease in agent count is primarily driven by lower new agent recruiting. There's been a negative impact on recruiting across the 3 agencies because there's so many work opportunities in this current economy. And we believe the COVID declines in economic conditions normalize, our recruiting will return to normal levels. And again, as I stated earlier to Jim, the ability to sell the digital presentation has made that agent opportunity much more attractive as agents are now able to make more presentations. They can utilize leads better. It's -- they can work from home, they cure far fewer travel expenses. We think that will help with retention and recruiting as we go forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Can you talk about your expectations for 2022 free cash flow and what you have assumed in your guidance for share repurchases?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Our free cash flow was actually going to be down a little bit. We anticipate in 2022 and be in the range of around $280 million to $320 million, down from roughly the $360 million that we're seeing in 2021, really do primarily to $50 million of higher COVID losses, COVID claims that we're seeing here in 2021 versus 2020 but also really due to the significant growth that we've had in the agency businesses and their sales. And so of course, we've talked about it in past calls that when you have especially double-digit growth in those agencies, that's going to have an additional strain in that first year, but of course, very good long term. So it doesn't surprises that, that's down a little bit. But -- so again, kind of at that midpoint around $300 million there, then we've assumed for buybacks somewhere in the range of $340 million to $380 million over the course of the year, anticipating that we would use some of that -- of those excess cash at the holding company.
Erik Bass: And then just to clarify for the health business, the growth in margin that you talked about, does that include the Beazley business?
Frank Svoboda: It does.
Erik Bass: So the $11 million?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And on the premium side, the $50 million of premiums as well.
Erik Bass: And then I guess, lastly, just around expenses. Can you talk about what your assumption is for admin expenses, which I think were a bit elevated this year from some of the IT investments and other things. Do you see that continuing? Or will that start to revert to a more normal level?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Erik, administrative expenses for 2017, we expect to be up around 8%. That includes about $4 million for easily. Excluding that, the expenses will be up 7%. And it's again, we were still we'll see higher information technology and information security costs, also slightly higher travel facility costs as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Couple more numbers questions. Can you give us your excess net investment income guidance for 2022?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. At the midpoint of the guidance, we're looking at excess investment income being down around 2%. On a per share basis, it will be up 1% to 2%.
Ryan Krueger: On the -- in the Life business, the 28% margin, excluding COVID, was that just excluding direct COVID claims? Or do you also make an adjustment for any indirect impacts?
Frank Svoboda: That is just the direct COVID claims, excluding that for the year.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And did you assume -- or can you quantify what you assumed for any sort of indirect COVID impact for 2022?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. For 2022, in total, about 1.5% of premium is what we're anticipating at the midpoint with about half of that roughly 0.8% or so due to the continued higher lapses and then the other 0.7% being still a little bit of elevated claims predominantly still at the DTC market or the channel.
Ryan Krueger: So if you excluded that, too, you would actually expect a 29% plus margin in life.
Frank Svoboda: That's exactly right. So yes, excluding both the COVID and what we've seen in other higher policy obligations, we would say around 29.6%, 29.5%, a little bit higher than where we were in 2019. Really because with the strong persistency again and the higher premium base, then the amortization percentage is of being a little less as a percent of premium. And that's probably elevated, that will probably be 1% to 1.5% lower than from those historic levels. So the 2019 levels anyway.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Most of my questions have been answered, but I do have one. Sadly, COVID remained around longer than we thought where we sat probably at the beginning of the year and a year ago. Given that what are you doing to encourage maybe wellness programs among your life insurers to maybe better deal with it from a long-term perspective.
Frank Svoboda: I will say that we do continue from an organization perspective, continue to support those organizations that are around good health practices and helping to support those types of lifestyle. But I would say nothing specific, if you will, around some of the more sensitive areas around masking and some of those politically charged topics.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on we'll go to Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Just had a few follow-up questions on free cash flow. The -- I just want to confirm the $280 million to $320 million you mentioned for 2022. That does not include your common dividend. So I should add that back to think about total shareholder wholesale capital generation. Is that...
Frank Svoboda: That's correct. And we would anticipate somewhere in the $80 million to $82 million of common dividends in 2022.
Tom Gallagher: So I guess my question is when I look at your free cash flow conversion and I heard your comment on the overall, the sale -- the COVID impact and then the sales stream. But when I just look at the ratio and I compare it to the proportion of GAAP earnings, it's now drifting below 50%. And I guess, historically, it's been a little bit higher, but that number has actually been coming down. Have you thought about that as a corporate strategy at all improving on that ratio. Now part of it is a high-class problem, right? When you're growing, there's sales stream and you have to pay for that. But when I compare how your ratio looks versus peers, like the net life of the world that are now up to 70% your -- I guess, your proportion of cash flow relative to GAAP earnings is looking like an outlier on the lower side. Is that something you thought at all about as a way to maybe enhance that?
Frank Svoboda: Well, we do think -- I mean, we do think about that and we do recognize that. But I do recognize that in -- it was down from historic levels where we've been more in that 70% to 80% pretax law change back in 2018. And as we've talked about really in the past, what that tax law did was the reduced -- or it increased our GAAP earnings because of the lower tax rate, but it really didn't change our statutory income very much because our statutory taxes largely as they change the tax base, it really didn't change the amount of cash taxes that we're paying out. So it didn't have a big statutory impact. So then that knocked down a little bit from those levels because we're our statutory capital didn't change significantly. With the onset of COVID, during the last couple of years, coupled with really low interest rates, our basic statutory income is not growing as much. And when you look at the -- and this is the part that none of us here want to change, which is that growth in sales. And when you look at that statutory drain and the money that we're investing in those new sales, that's going to maintain really strong premiums for the long term. It does kind of have in the near term an adverse impact on our ability to return some of that excess cash flow as a percentage of our GAAP earnings. But we think in the long term, those statutory earnings will, once we get past COVID, we feel really good about where we're at from a statutory income perspective and would expect that to improve in future years as we get out of this.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn it back to management for any additional or closing comments.
Frank Svoboda: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward look statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release 2020 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $200 million, or $1.92 per share compared to $173 million or $1.62 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $193 million or $1.85 per share, an increase of 12% per share from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis return on equity as of June 30 was 9.0% for the first half of the year and 9.7% for the second quarter. Book value per share was $83.59. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 12.4% for the first half of the year and 13.5% for the second quarter. In addition, book value per share grew 9% to $55.66. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 9% from the year ago quarter to $728 million. As noted before, we have seen improved persistency and premium collections since the onset of the pandemic. Life underwriting margin was $179 million, up 11% from a year ago. The increase in margin is due primarily to the higher premium and lower amortization related to the improved persistency. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 8% to 9% and underwriting margin to grow 5% to 6%. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 4% to $296 million and health underwriting margin was up 16% to $74 million. The increase in underwriting margin was primarily due to improved claims experience and persistency. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow between 4% and 5% and underwriting margin to grow around 9%. Administrative expenses were $68 million for the quarter, up 10% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.5% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow 8% to 9% and be around 6.7% of premium due primarily to increased IT and information security cost, higher pension expense, and a gradual increase in travel and facility costs. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We experienced strong sales growth during the second quarter and we continue to make progress on agent recruiting. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American Income Life, life premiums were up over the year ago quarter to $348 million and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $108 million. The higher underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and higher sales in quarters. In the second quarter of 2020, sales were limited due to the onset of COVID. In the second quarter of 2021, net life sales were $73 million, up 42%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count and productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 10,478, up 25% from the year ago quarter and up 6% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 10,406. The American Income Agency continues to generate positive momentum. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $78 million, while life underwriting margin was down 16% to $16 million. The decline in underwriting margin is due primarily to higher policy obligations. Net life sales increased 67% to $18 million and net health sales were $6 million, up 52% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count and increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 2,700, up 13% from the year ago quarter, while down 1% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,700. We continue to be encouraged by Liberty Nationals progress. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 9% over the year ago quarter to $85 million and health underwriting margin increased 18% to $22 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due primarily to improved clients experience and improved persistency. Net health sales were up 41% to $19 million due to increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,220, down 2% from the year ago quarter and down 5% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,171. The agency emphasized Asia productivity during the first half of the year. The focus is shifting more towards recruiting for the remainder of the year. In our direct-to-consumer division at Global Life, the life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $249 million and life underwriting margin increased 22% to $34 million. The increase in margin is due primarily to improved persistency. Net life sales were $42 million, down 14% from the year ago quarter. This decline was expected due to the extraordinary level of sales activity seen in the second quarter of last year during the onset of COVID. While sales declined from a year ago, we are pleased with this quarters sales activity as it was 23% higher than the second quarter of 2019. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 3% over the year ago quarter to $116 million and health underwriting margin increased 16% to $18 million. The increase in margin was due to improved loss ratios and lower amortization. Net health sales were $12 million, up 1% compared to the year ago quarter. It is still somewhat difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment, but I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2021 to be in the following ranges: American Income Life, 3% to 6% growth; Liberty National, 1% to 8% growth; Family Heritage, a decline of 1% to 9%. Net life sales for the full year 2021 are expected to be as follows: American Income Life, an increase of 13% to 17%; Liberty National, an increase of 26% to 32%; direct-to-consumer, a decrease of 10% to flat. Net health sales for the full year 2021 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, an increase of 12% to 18%; Family Heritage, an increase of 4% to 8%; United American Individual Medicare Supplement, a decrease of 1% to an increase of 9%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $60 million, a 2% decline from the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income grew 2%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline 1% to 2%, but to grow around 2% on a per share basis. In the second quarter, we invested $116 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial, municipal and industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.69%, an average rating of A, and an average life of 35 years. We also invested $72 million in limited partnerships that invest in credit instruments. These investments are expected to produce incremental yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.24%, down 14 basis points from the second quarter of 2020. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was 5.23%. Invested assets are $19.1 billion, including $17.5 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $16.7 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $764 million compared to $802 million at the end of the first quarter. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4%. Excluding net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio, the low investment grade bonds as a percentage of equity was 13%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- compared to BBB+ a year ago. Consistent with recent years, bonds rated BBB are 55% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Because we invest long, a key criteria in utilizing our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple signposts. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Low interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we are assuming an average new money rate of around 3.45% for fixed maturities for the remainder of 2021. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a longer  lower for longer interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under current accounting rules since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited, as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next 5 years. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent ended the second with liquid assets of approximately $545 million. This amount is higher than last quarter, because in June, the company issued a 40-year $325 million junior subordinated note with a coupon rate of 4.15%. Net proceeds were $317 million. On July 15, the company utilized the proceeds to call our $300 million 6.125% junior subordinated notes due 2056. The remaining proceeds will be used for general purposes. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will generate excess cash flows during the remainder of 2021. The parent companys excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Global Lifes shareholders. We anticipate the parent companys excess cash flow for the full year to be approximately $365 million. Of which, approximately $185 million will be generated in the second half of 2021. In the second quarter, the company repurchased 1.2 million shares of Global Life Inc. common stock at a total cost of $123 million at an average share price of $101.05. The total spend was higher than anticipated as we took advantage of the sharp drop in share price at the end of the quarter and accelerated approximately $30 million of purchases from the second half of the year to repurchase shares at an average price of $95.62. So far in July, we have spent $32 million to repurchase 343,000 shares at an average price of $93.81. Thus, for the full year through today, we have spent approximately $246 million to purchase 2.5 million shares at an average price of $97.96. Taking into account the liquid assets of $545 million at the end of the second quarter, plus approximately $185 million of excess cash flows that we are expected to generate in the second half of the year, less the $32 million spent on share repurchases in July and the $300 million to call our junior subordinated note, we will have approximately $400 million of assets available to the parent for the remainder of the year. As I will discuss in more detail in just a few moments, we believe this amount is more than necessary to support the targeted capital levels thats in our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program for the remainder of the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe that share purchases provide the best return or yield to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the parents excess cash flows. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance subsidiaries is after they have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand our information technology and other operational capabilities as well as acquired new long-duration assets to fund future cash needs. As we progress through the remainder of the year, we will continue to evaluate our available liquidity. If more liquidity is available than needed, some portion of the excess could be returned to shareholders before the end of the year. However, at this time, the midpoint of our earnings guidance only reflects approximately $120 million of share repurchases over the remainder of the year. Our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current rating. As noted on previous calls, Globe Life has targeted a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2020, our consolidated RBC ratio was 309%. At this RBC ratio, our insurance subsidiaries have approximately $50 million of capital over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. This excess capital, along with the roughly $400 million of liquid assets we expect to be available at the parent, provide sufficient liquidity to fund future capital needs. As we discussed on previous calls, the primary drivers of potential additional capital needs from the parent company in 2021 relate to investment downgrades and changes to the NAIC RBC factors related to investments, commonly referred to as C1 factors. To estimate the potential impact on capital to changes in our investment portfolio, we continue to model several scenarios and stress tests. In our base case, we anticipate approximately $370 million of additional NAIC 1 notch downgrades. In addition, we anticipate full adoption by the NAIC of the new Moodys and NAIC C1 factors for 2021. Combined, our base case approximately $105 million of additional capital will be needed at our insurance subsidiaries to offset the adverse impact of the new factors and additional downgrades in order to maintain the midpoint of our consolidated RBC targets. Bottom line, the parent company has ample liquidity to cover any additional capital that may be required and still have cash available to make our normal level of share repurchases. As previously noted, we will continue to evaluate the best use of any excess cash that could remain, and we will consider returning a portion of any excess to shareholders before the end of the year. We should be able to provide more guidance on that in our call next quarter. At this time, Id like to provide a few comments relating to the impact of COVID-19 on second quarter results. In the first half of 2021, the company has incurred approximately $49 million of COVID death claims, including $11 million in the second quarter. The $11 million incurred is $10 million less than incurred in the year ago quarter and is in line with our expectations for the quarter. The total COVID death benefits in the second quarter included $4.6 million incurred in our direct-to-consumer division or 2% of its second quarter premium income, $1.5 million incurred at Liberty National or 2% of its premium for the quarter and $3.5 million at American Income or 1% of its second quarter premium. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate approximately 20,000 to 30,000 additional COVID deaths to occur over the remainder of 2021. As in prior quarters, we continue to estimate that we will incur COVID life claims of roughly $2 million for every 10,000 U.S. deaths. We are estimating a range of COVID death claims of $53 million to $55 million for the substantially unchanged from our previous guidance. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2021, in the second quarter, our premium persistency continued to be very favorable and was better than we anticipated, leading to greater premium, higher policy obligations and lower amortization as a percent of premium. At this time, we now expect lapse rates to continue at lower than pre-pandemic levels throughout the remainder of 2021, leading to higher premium and underwriting income growth in our life segment. We also increased the underwriting income in our health segment to reflect the favorable health claims experience we saw in the second quarter. Finally, the impact of our lower share price results in a greater impact from our share repurchases and results in fewer diluted shares. As such, we have increased the midpoint of our guidance from $7.36 to $7.44 with an overall range of $7.34 to $7.54 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning everyone. Maybe you could quantify the indirect COVID-19 claims during 2Q 21. Do you still anticipate total indirect claims of $25 million from 2Q 21 through the year-end? Or has your outlook improved?
Gary Coleman: Sure, Andrew. With respect to the second quarter, we had anticipated around $15 million for the quarter, down from the $25 million that we saw in the first quarter. We now estimate that they were closer to actually $22 million of excess obligations or around 3% of premium in the second quarter. So this was about $7 million higher than what we thought. This increase was mostly due to the better persistency were seeing. Remember, the better person requires us to keep more reserves on the books. So in fact, out of the $22 million of these excess obligations that we had in the quarter, about 60% or around $14 million is from the lower lapses. And then around $8 million relates to other higher non-COVID claim activity. The actual claims around the medical and non-medical was largely in line with what we anticipated. So again, the higher  the $7 million is higher than what we kind of thought really related to the better persistency. For the full year, we now anticipate that these excess policy obligations will probably be around $70 million, which is around 2.4% of premium, and thats up from roughly the $50 million that we kind of talked about last quarter. Of the 2.4% of premium, it does look like about 1.5% of that will relate to higher reserves due to the lower lapses and about 0.9% will relate to higher non-COVID claim activity. And again, most of  again, the increase of that $20 million from what we had talked about last quarter relates to the impact of the lower lapses and the reserve that required to retain on the policies that really didnt last as we had anticipated.
Andrew Kligerman: That makes a lot of sense. Thank you. And then just my follow-up is, in direct-to-consumer channel, curious about Internet and inbound phone calls, which were previously cited to be growing more quickly. Is this still the case this quarter? Is globalize exploring any new direct-to-consumer channel partners for growth as well?
Larry Hutchison: I dont there are new channels. We continue have the same marketing strategy basically we have four channels in direct-to-consumer. We have the Internet. We have the inbound phone calls, then the insert media plus the mail. I think were seeing a gradual shift, a very gradual shift  the electronic channel is growing the most quickly, particularly the Internet, which still the four channels are unrelated. And so the real growth will come as we use analytics and testing to increase our circulation in our mail volumes and our traffic on the Internet.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Great. Thank you. Can you maybe talk about how you think through the strength in life sales? Does it seem to be more based on agent growth over the last year with maybe those agents that are new, selling to their closest networks or more around pandemic awareness of life sales? Im really just trying to dimension whether the strength that weve seen is a pull forward or not? Thank you.
Larry Hutchison: I think always our life sales are related to growth in our distribution. So agent count is a very important component of that however, if we look at American Income, I think the primary driver of the life sales growth will continue to be the agent growth, and we had a 25% average agent growth quarter-over-quarter. Liberty National is a little different story. There, in the Q2, our worksite sales were up 75% compared to the second quarter of 2020. As worksite sales actually were up 12% sequentially. What were seeing there is that the return of not just per enrollment or the addition of virtual enrollments, but the return of on-site sales for worksite is really helping Liberty National. I think it Liberty National and Family Heritage both this year, the growth will come more from productivity as we see a greater percentage of agents submitting business. And of course, in all three agencies as those agents have more experience. The CD average premium written for agents will also increase. So there are really different drivers at different points of time for distribution.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then my follow-up question, this isnt really related to the indirect COVID question. But last quarter, you talked about increased death despair from like overdoses, suicides being 20%, 80% being delays in cares like Alzheimers and cardiac. Can you maybe talk about what youre seeing there a little bit and your expectations going forward? Thank you.
Gary Coleman: Yes. When you do look at the total kind of the mix of that, about 80% still is really relates to the medical the side versus some of the non-medical causes. Again, I think for the year, we probably anticipate that, we will continue see those at elevated levels even though we do anticipate those to be trending down over the course of the year as access to health care and all that tends to improve. I think for the full year, we still anticipate that we will probably see excess claims, if you will, of around $28 million roughly 0.9% or 1% of that premium.
John Barnidge: Thanks for your answers.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. I guess, first, I had a follow-up on the persistency impact. So you talked about the 1.5% increase to your policy benefit ratio from higher reserves. Can you comment on how much of a positive impact would be occurring within the amortization line as an offset to that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The from the amortization side, its a little bit less than 1%. So it doesnt fully the increase in policy obligations, but it largely does.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then, I guess, in regards to the agent recruiting, I think your  some of your guidance for year-end agent count at American Income suggest, I think, some decline in agents from where were at now. I guess  can you give a little more color on that? Are you seeing any negative impact from labor market conditions on your ability to recruit new agents?
Larry Hutchison: Sure. We would like to give that and I think the decline is only a Family Heritage effect in the script I referenced the actuals growth...
Ryan Krueger: Yes. I would refrain to  I think American Income, you had up 3%, but thats...
Larry Hutchison: American Income, well range of 3% to 6%, Liberty National range of 1% to 8%. The Family Heritage, we think it will be down to 9% to negative 1%, thats a part of our recruitment level, but I do think growing agent count is going to be a challenge through the end of 2021. Almost I remember a year ago, the remaining unemployed more importantly underemployed recruits, how many businesses are shutdown, hours reduced for many workers and layoffs are occurring every quarter. Today, we see just the office, we see help most businesses and we say dramatic increase and work opportunities on the job orders. So I think our producing agent growth will slow in the short run. However, as the economy returns to normal growth levels, we believe we will see a continued growth in our agent count in line with our historical levels. I think the best indicator of future agent growth is always growth in middle management. When we look at that at American Income, year-to-date, weve had a 7% increase in middle management. In Q2, Liberty National had a 6% increase in middle management. Family Heritage had a 13% increase in middle management, thats important because middle managers keep watching recruiting and training within the company. Ive also stated that agent count growth is always a sterile process. And we dont expect to see constant growth quarter-to-quarter proven year-over-year over the past 4 years, producing agent count, each agency is growing at a compound rate at American Income approximately 9% and 12% at Family Heritage and Liberty National. However, when you go back as an example, at Liberty National from 2016 to 17, we had 19% agency growth. The next year 2000  the next 2-year period versus 17 to 18, we had 2.5% growth, followed by 23% growth in next year. And the reason that stair steps is it takes time to develop middle management, and you want your productivity work over time, so you keep those agents. Thats come a long explanation, but we are very confident of our agents  our agents growth rate producing agents continue to grow, its going to be a stair step process.
Ryan Krueger: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. The  just a question on persistency. I think I heard you say you now think the better persistency is more likely to be permanent. And if thats true, that would bode well for future premium growth in life insurance, clearly. And with the 8% to 9% you are doing this year, assuming you continue to have good persistency and sales trends remain within a reasonable range. Do you think for 2022, we would be looking at continued growth above your historic ranges for premium growth for life insurance, maybe closer to 6% or 7% at least, even if its down a bit or how do you see that  those dynamics playing out?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think you are  I dont know about what percentage is going to be. We will  in the next call, we will give some guidance on 2022. But yes, I would anticipate we continue to have growth rates that are higher than the pre-pandemic levels.
Gary Coleman: The one thing I would like to add on that is that, Tom, we didnt want to infer that we think that the better persistency is permanent. We do think that its going to last throughout the end of 2021. So, we do see it continuing at the favorable level. We will be able to give a little bit more insight, I think, next call when we really dig into 2022, where we really think the persistency levels are going to go. But I think we will be able to get some better views on where we think that persistency will go in 2022. But we are definitely encouraged with the continued high levels of persistency this year, and that should help, as you say, to buoy that premium growth, at least in the foreseeable future.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And the  just on the COVID mortality impacts, I guess, the direct ones you are forecasting 20,000 to 30,000 mortality over the rest of the year. I think the IMHE forecasts are showing about double that amount. So just curious how you are deriving your estimates there?
Gary Coleman: Yes. We do take into account several different sources that are out there. IHME is one of those. It is probably looking at what they were having probably a good week ago just as we then kind of need to apply some of the forecasts they have got, look at those trends, look at what they are looking at by state, applying that to our in-force to do quite a bit of work to come up with our estimates of what that impact is. I do understand that in some of the last few days, they may have increased their estimates now. And clearly, if that higher number of U.S. debt is in fact realized, we would end up being more at the lower end of our range. I kind of looked at it. If we ended up averaging lets just say, 250,000 deaths or 250 deaths a day for the  over the course of the remainder of the year, you end up at around 45, I think, 1,000 deaths to your point around roughly 2x of what we have put in our midpoint, that would be about an extra $0.03 impact overall. So, that would still be within our range. And so I think thats a little wider range that we have kind of normally, if you will, help to take into consideration some of that changes on where that might go. So, its pretty hard to tell right now exactly what the debt levels are going to be.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then just one last, if I could fit it in, the  so the $105 million of the combined impacts from C1 RBC factor changes plus expected ratings downgrades. Can you isolate how much of the $105 million is specifically from the C1 factor changes?
Gary Coleman: This is  about $75 million is from C1. We are probably absent. The C1 is probably about 15 point reduction, if you will, in our RBC ratio just in and of itself. So, thats around $75 million.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. I guess maybe to start a follow-up on Toms question on sort of COVID mortality. Are you seeing any changes at all in terms of your sensitivities as you are getting more vaccinated population? Do you have a sense of how kind of your exposure differs between kind of the insured population versus the general population on vaccination rates? And is vaccination status something you are able to ask about on new policy applications?
Gary Coleman: Yes, right now, we are not seeing  as we look, and I think the sensitivity generally around $2 million of claims still per 10,000 deaths. Thats really seemed to be holding pretty well. Clearly, with the higher vaccinations at specialty older ages that is continuing to help lower, if you will, from the overall death rates. So, we do  as we look at our overall in force, we dont have any great exposure to any one particular age. Its pretty well spread out from really age 10 through age 50 is roughly, if you look at any 10-year period time, and its roughly the same percentage of our overall portfolio. And then it kind of really goes down as you get to over age 60, but over age 50 in fact. So we dont feel like we are overexposed into any one particular even if they are ends up being a vaccinated or unvaccinated condition.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then maybe moving to the health side, you mentioned the favorable claims this quarter. Was that just a continuation of lower benefits utilization? And if thats the case, how are you thinking about that trend into the second half of the year for MedSup and other health products?
Gary Coleman: Yes. On the MedSup, its largely more utilization. And what we are really seeing there is we are seeing higher utilization than we had in 2020 and really even higher utilization in 2019, but it is lower than what you would expect from a trend perspective. So, its still running a little bit favorable if you kind of look at where 19 levels were and what we would expect from a normal trend perspective. On the accidents and in our cancer blocks that we really have is, lets say, Liberty and American Income, those are  its more incurral. Its not so much of a utilization of services as it is just an incurral claim. And thats where we are just seeing more  some just favorable incurral rates at this point in time. Thats really helped with some of the lower policy obligations in those particular lines as well as to some degree at Family Heritage.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then one last follow-up just on MedSup, do you have any exposure to potential cost pressures from the new Alzheimers treatment, which I believe is covered under Medicare Part D.? Would any of that fall under MedSup or wouldnt it?
Gary Coleman: Yes, the  there would be potentially some exposure, but ultimately, we do have that included in our guidance.
Erik Bass: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. So, first, just a question on your direct response margins, obviously, they are pretty weak last quarter. They improved this quarter. Other than just the impact of COVID, do you feel that this was a normal quarter overall or were there any sort of positive or negative puts and takes as you are thinking about long-term margins in the direct response business on the life side?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, Jimmy, as far as other changes what as you can see that we had lower amortization for the quarter and we  during the second quarter, we had adjusted our amortization rates throughout for all our distribution systems. And we have seen a bigger impact on the direct response side, lowering that amortization rate that was 22%  a little over 22% versus 25% in the second quarter of last year. And thats going to continue through the year. We should be at around 23% of premium for amortization in direct response versus over 25% last year. The reason for that reduced amortization is two things. One is the increased sales and also the improved persistency, both first year and renewal. In addition to direct response, the high sales that we had last year were  the acquisition costs we had that were fixed, so the acquisition cost per policy last year, lower than it has been. So, there is less DAC that we were putting on the books. So, the combination of higher sales, lower acquisition cost per policy plus the improved persistency generating more premium revenue since we amortize our DAC over the premium revenue over the life of the policies, having that higher premium revenue has resulted in a lower amortization percentage. We should again see that through the remainder of this year.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then next year, would it reset based on what your views on persistency are for 2022?
Larry Hutchison: Yes.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on agent retention, I guess, given the improved labor market, especially in the services industry, it probably will affect your ability to recruit people. But how do you think about how it affects your ability to retain the agents that you have hired over the past year because you have added a lot of agents? And do you see any sort of impacts on your agent retention trends as the economy continues to improve?
Gary Coleman: We look at agent retention American Income, agent retention has increased over the last 2 years, and its a little early in 2021, measured obviously, 6 months and 9 months and 12 months retention. But based on the trend of American Income, we are seeing better agent retention. Liberty National and Family Heritage, the retention was largely unchanged. I look at 2019 and 20, and again, its a little early to talk about retention. I think normal job opportunities, obviously, right now. So, I think terminations may be a little higher through the end of the year. At the same time, we expect our recruiting to increase as the economy returns to normal. So, I think we will have normal retention and normal recruiting rates through the end of  particularly end of 21 going into 22.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then typically, as agents get tenured, do you see a pickup in their productivity should  any reason to assume that the increase in agents over the past year or so wont translate to sort of continued momentum on sales, regardless of what happens with new recruiting or are there other factors that might slowdown sales?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, can you repeat that question? Your connection is not
Jimmy Bhullar: You have added a lot of agents over the past years  over the past year. And regardless of what happens with recruiting, I would assume that the higher number of agents would result in strong sales. Obviously, the growth rates vary with comps and stuff. But the absolute level of sales should be higher than they used to be pre-pandemic, just given the increased number of agents and especially as those agents get more and more tenured and their productivity increases. But is that the correct assumption or are there other factors that you are thinking about as you are looking at your sales over the next year to 2 years?
Gary Coleman: Thank you for repeating the question. Yes, that is our assumption. Obviously, the biggest driver of sales is going to be the increase in number of agents and the producing agent count is going to grow to the guidance we have given. The other driver was productivity, actually productivity is a little bit lower American Income Q2 21 versus Q2 20. Thats because of the increase in agents, and new agents was a little less productive. So, as our agent growth from 19 and 20 translates into 21, all three agencies as those agents receive better training and as they become more veteran agents, you will see that increase, particularly we saw it in Family Heritage. Q2 while the recruiting was off, we had a best quarter ever for productivity. We have had a 30% increase in health sales per agent. Q1 of 21 from sequentially and also we had a 45% increase in health sales per agent over the year ago quarter. Thats because when recruiting was down as the agent of less recruiting had  we had more better agents productivity went up. We also saw a productivity increase of Liberty National that as we have more and more veteran agents, they are much more productive.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes todays question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Mike Majors for closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Alright. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Globe Life Inc. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our co-Chief executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2020 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on for the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures, please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $179 million or $1.70 per share compared to $166 million or $1.52 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $160 million or $1.53 per share, a decrease of 12% per share from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of March 31 was 8.6% and book value per share was $75.10. Excluding unrealized gains and fixed maturities, return on equity was 11.4% and book value per share was up 9% to $54.36. In the life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 9% to $708 million. As we've noted before, we have seen improved persistency and premium collections since the onset of the pandemic. Life underwriting margin was $137 million, down 24% from a year ago. The decline in margin is due primarily to $38 million of COVID-related claims. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 7% and underwriting margin to growing 4% to 6%. And at the midpoint of our 2021 guidance, we have spent approximately $50 million of COVID claims. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 5% to $294 million, and health underwriting margin was up 14% to $72 million. The increase in underwriting margins was primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expenses. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow 5% to 6% and underwriting margin to grow 7% to 8%. Before continuing, I'm pleased to note that this is the first quarter in company history in which total premium revenue exceeded $1 billion. We appreciate the efforts of our agents and our employees in achieving this milestone. Continuing the first quarter results, administrative expenses were $66 million for the quarter, up 4% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.8% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow 7% to 8% and be around 6.7% of premium, due primarily to higher pension costs, IT and information security costs as well as a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the first quarter of marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We experienced strong growth in life sales during the first quarter, and we continue to make progress in the areas that drive recruiting and sales activity. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 11% to $335 million, while life underwriting margin was down 2% at $98 million. The lower underwriting margin is primarily due to COVID claims. Net life sales were $70 million, up 11%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 9,918, up 30% from the year ago quarter and up 3% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 10,329. The American income agency has adapted exceptionally well to the virtual environment and continues to generate positive momentum. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 4% to $76 million, while life underwriting margin was down 48% to $10 million. The lower underwriting margin is primarily due to COVID claims. Net life sales grew 30% to $16 million, while net health sales were $6 million, down 2% from the year ago quarter. The increase in net life sales is due to an increased agent count and improved agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 2,734, up 3% from the year ago quarter and up 1% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,727. We are encouraged by Liberty National's continued growth. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $83 million, and health underwriting margin grew 12% to $22 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expense. Net health sales declined 4% to $16 million due primarily to a decline in agent productivity during the first quarter. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,285, up 5% from the year ago quarter, while down 12% from the fourth quarter. The agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,235. The drop in average agent count for the fourth quarter is not unusual. As familiarities typically sees the decline in recruiting activity in the first quarter of the year, we have seen an increase in recruiting activity and productivity over the last several weeks and expect this will continue going forward. In our direct-to-consumer division of Global Life, life premiums were up 11% to $244 million. Our life underwriting margin declined 78% to $9 million. Frank will further discuss the decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $40 million, up 22% from the year ago quarter. We continue to see strong consumer demand for basic life insurance protection across all channels of the direct-to-consumer distribution in the first quarter. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 6% to $117 million, and health underwriting margin increased 19% to $19 million, the increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expenses. Net health sales were $13 million, down 11% compared to the year ago quarter. It is always difficult to predict United American sales as the Medicare Supplement marketplace is highly competitive. It's still difficult to predict future activity in this uncertain environment. I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2021 to be in the following ranges: American income, 7% to 17% growth; Liberty National 1% to 16% growth, Family Heritage 1% to 9% growth. Net life sales for the full year 2021 are expected to be as follows: American Income Life, an increase of 11% to 15%; Liberty National, an increase of 16% to 20%; direct-to-consumer, a decrease of 5% to an increase of 5%. The net health sales for the full year 2021 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, an increase of 16% to 20%; Family Heritage, an increase of 4% to 8%; and United American Individual Medicare Supplement, a decrease of 3% to an increase of 7%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $61 million, a 3% decline over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income grew 2%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to be flat, but up 2% to 3% on a per share basis. As to investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $299 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.41%, an average rating of A minus and an average life of 34 years. We also invested $61 million in limited partnerships that invest in credit instruments. While these investments are expected to produce incremental additional yield, they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.24%, down 15 basis points from the first quarter of 2020. The portfolio yield as of March 31 was also 5.24%. Invested assets were $18.7 billion, including $17.4 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $16.6 billion are investment-grade with an average rating of A minus and below investment-grade bonds are $802 million compared to $841 million at year-end 2020. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.6%, excluding net unrealized gains in fixed maturity portfolio below investment-grade bonds as a percentage of equity is 14%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 56% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 55% at the end of 2020. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgage, CLOs and other asset backed securities. Because we invest long, a key criteria utilized in our investment process is that an issuer is has the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe that the BBB securities we acquired provide the best risk-adjusted and capital adjusted returns due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Lower interest rates continued to pressure investment income. For 2021, the average fixed maturity new money yield assumed at the midpoint of our guidance is 3.6% for the full year. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can drive in a lower for longer interest rate environment. In [indiscernible] rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rules, since we sell noninterest asset protection products. Unfortunately, the impact of lower new volume price on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our pet portfolio over the next 5 years. Now I will turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $290 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will generate excess cash flows in 2021. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life's shareholders. We anticipate our excess cash flow in 2021 will be in the range of $360 million to $370 million, higher than previously indicated and reflective of our final 2020 distributable statutory earnings. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $650 million to $660 million of assets available to the parent during the year. In the first quarter, the parent company repurchased 944,000 shares of Globe Life Inc's. common stock at a total cost of $90 million at an average share price of $95.47. So far in April, we had spent $13 million to repurchase 132,000 shares at an average price of $99.18. Thus, for the full year through today, we have spent $103 million to purchase 1.1 million shares at an average price of $95.92. Excluding the $103 million spent on repurchases so far this year, we will have approximately $550 million to $560 million of assets available to the parent for the remainder of 2021. As I'll discuss in more detail in just a few moments, this amount is more than necessary to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. We still believe share repurchases provide the best return to our shareholders over other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of the parent's $360 million to $370 million of excess cash flows during the year. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after they have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand our information technology and other operational capabilities as well as acquire new long duration assets to fund their future cash needs. Our goal is to maintain our capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. As noted on previous calls, Globe Life has a targeted consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2020, our consolidated RBC ratio was 309%. At this RBC ratio, our insurance subsidiaries have approximately $50 million of capital over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. This excess capital, along with the $550 million to $560 million of liquid assets that we expect to be available at the parent, provide sufficient capital to fund future capital needs. As we discussed on previous calls, a primary driver of potential additional capital needs from the parent in 2021 relates to investment downgrades that increase required capital. To estimate the potential impact on capital due to changes in our investment portfolio, we continue to model several scenarios and stress tests. In our base case, we expect approximately $500 million of additional NAIC One notch downgrades over the course of the year. We do not anticipate any significant credit losses, although some credit losses would normally be expected from time to time. With this amount of downgrades, our insurance companies could require up to $70 million of capital to maintain the low end of our targeted RBC ratio of 300%. In addition to the potential capital needed from further investment portfolio downgrades, changes in the NAIC RBC factors related to investments, commonly referred to as C1 factors, could create the need for additional capital for 2021. At this time, we do not know what the final factors will be. However, we believe the worst-case scenario is that additional capital related to the new factors would not exceed $125 million to $150 million. It is important to note that Globe Life statutory reserves are not negatively impacted by the low interest rates or the equity markets, given our basic fixed protection products. In the aggregate, our statutory reserves are more than adequate under all cash flow testing scenarios. Bottom line is that the parent company has ample liquidity to cover any additional capital that may be required and still have cash available to make our normal level of share repurchases. Once we get - once we are able to get comfortable that our investment downgrades have returned to normal levels, and we are able to determine the amount of additional capital required to support the new C1 factors, we will reevaluate our parent company retained assets. We will first determine the appropriate amount of liquid assets that should be retained at the parent. We'll then determine the best use of any excess amounts that remain. Depending on available alternatives, we would likely return such excess cash to our shareholders through additional share repurchases. At this time, we anticipate holding our higher level of liquid assets through the end of this year. At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments relating to the impact of COVID-19 on our first quarter results. As noted by Gary, total life underwriting margins declined in the quarter primarily due to an estimated $38 million of COVID death claims incurred in the quarter. This amount was actually slightly less than we anticipated for the quarter. The total COVID death benefits include approximately $20 million in COVID death benefits incurred in our direct-to-consumer division, or approximately 8% of its first quarter premium income, approximately $8 million of COVID death benefits incurred at Liberty National, over 10.5% of its premium for the quarter. And approximately $9 million at American income or 2.7% of its first quarter premium. It is important to note that the total COVID benefits paid through March 31, only 71 claims comprising slightly over $600,000 related to policies sold since the beginning of March of 2020. This is a very small percent of the roughly 2 million policies sold in 2020. In addition to the COVID obligations occurred in the quarter, we also saw adverse developments in non-COVID claims relating to both medical and nonmedical causes of death, primarily those related to heart and other circular conditions, Alzheimer's and drug overdoses. This is a continuation of some adverse development that began to emerge last year. While not directly a COVID claim, we believe the elevated deaths are related to the pandemic due to the difficulties many individuals have had in receiving timely health care as well as the adverse effects of isolation and stress. Increases in non-COVID death since the start of the pandemic have also been noted by the CDD and the National Center for Health Statistics for the U.S. population as a whole. While we experienced higher obligations from non-COVID causes in each of our distributions, the impact of these higher non-COVID deaths has been more evident in our direct-to-consumer channel, whose insured more closely represent the broader middle-income U.S. population than our other distributions. In addition to COVID death, the adverse experience related to non-COVID death also contributed to the lower underwriting margin in the quarter. We anticipated a lower margin as a percent of premium, given the significant number of U.S. deaths expected in the quarter and since evidence of the higher non-COVID death had started to emerge last year. As with COVID, we currently believe this adverse claims experience will moderate over the remainder of the year and that the underwriting margin for the direct-to-consumer channel will be closer to 17% to 18% of premium in the second half of the year. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2021. While first quarter earnings were substantially lower than recent quarters due to higher COVID and non-COVID policy obligations. The first quarter operating earnings per share were very close to our expectations. Since we fully anticipated 200,000 COVID deaths in the quarter. We now believe we have seen the peak of COVID claims and anticipate a sharp drop off for the remainder of the year. As noted last quarter, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipated approximately 270,000 U.S. COVID deaths over the course of 2021. We still believe that is a reasonable estimate with substantially all of the remaining deaths occurring in the second quarter. As in prior quarters, we continue to estimate that we will incur COVID life claims of roughly $2 million for every 10,000 U.S. deaths. With respect to the higher obligations from non-COVID causes of death, we believe these will also revert to more normal levels over the course of the year as disruptions in health care cease, the economy recovers, and people are able to socialize again. As compared to our previous guidance, higher policy obligations from non-COVID causes are expected to be offset by favorable health claims experience, higher premium income and the favorable impact of share repurchases. As such, we are keeping the midpoint of our guidance for 2021 at $7.36, while narrowing the overall range to $7.21 to $7.51 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Your direct-to-consumer sales guide for life conflict with what was put up in 1Q '21. Can you add some color there? Was there like a onetime uplift last year that you don't think is following through this year?
Larry Hutchison: I don't think it's a onetime uplift. If you look at last year, we had a real increase in our sales percentages in Q2, 3 and 4. And Q1 is a fairly easy comparable because we were flat in the first quarter of last year, and that was pre-COVID. So while we had a 22% increase in sales in the first quarter, against those comparables in Q2, 3 and 4, we think our guidance of negative 5% to plus 5% is reasonable for 2021.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then my follow-up, given your comment about substantially all the remaining COVID death being in 2Q '21 is there any way to give us a sense of what we've seen in the first half to what it might run rate for the quarter?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think - so in the first quarter, there was around 200,000 COVID deaths. Right now, we're anticipating around 55,000 COVID deaths in the second quarter of the year and then about 15,000 over the remainder over the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: There's a big echo on your call. It's not on my line, but. On your comment on life margins ex-COVID. I think you're assuming in your guidance that they might stay elevated. My question is more if you look beyond COVID, is it reasonable to assume that some of these continue? Because I think you said people having difficulty getting care. Obviously, that improves or that goes away as hospitals are less burdened and stuff. But if it's related to opioids and stuff, it's easier to get on them, but harder to get off. So could that continue to be a drag for your results beyond the pandemic as well the lease to a little bit?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. We're seeing - while we're seeing some elevated in the opioids and some of the other, I would say, non-medical causes, really, the more that we're seeing is on the medical side with respect to whether it be, as I said, really hard and circulatory is really 1 of them that we've seen the larger increase over historical trends, if you will. So I think that's what gives us a little bit more comfort that while that we've seen some increases in multiple causes of death, including some of those from non-medical. As the medical and access to the medical procedures opens back up and has opened back up now for several months that, that will subside, and we'll be able to get back to more normal levels in those areas.
Gary Coleman: And Jimmy, I was - the medical claims that Frank has talked about, is it non-COVID. Over 80% of those are medical claims. Whereas the drug's alcohol would be less intense in those fronts.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then on your sales, obviously, we've seen a big step-up in your sales in recruiting and sales because of the pandemic, and I think you've had an easier time recruiting because of the problems with the services industry. Do you think you'll retain the agency you've hired over the past year? Or if the economy opens up and things go back to normal that you could actually see a lot of agent departures and a big sort of decline in the agent count, maybe not all the way back, but many of these, like, what do you think about your ability to retain a lot of the agents that you've hired over the past year?
Larry Hutchison: I think recruiting will continue to increase in Q2, Q3 and Q4 of 2021, given the middle management growth last year, particularly in American income, I think we'll continue to see the recruiting activity. I think it's doubtful that most of the new agents would return to their previous jobs. Remember, we recruit the underemployed who are looking for a better opportunity. And again, given our sales increases, particularly in American income, we believe many of these agents want to stay with the company. Also during 2018 and '19, when unemployment levels were extremely low or historically low, all 3 agencies continue to recruit and grow the number of producing agents.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly, on your sales being strong. Have you been - I'm sure you've enacted and you've talked about this in the past as well, enacted processes to avoid adverse selection in the pandemic? Can you talk about whether you've seen - or what level of claims you've seen from policies you might have sold over the past year? And what some of the processes are to avoid adverse selection?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, we do take a look at really do a lot of monitoring on the various policies that have been issued and especially in the direct-to-consumer, but across all the different lines. The - we're looking at, is there a change in the number of applications by age are we seeing, especially with respect to the pandemic, where we have higher exposure to some of the higher ages, we're really looking at - are we seeing any changes in the applications and the net issues. From before the pandemic and what we're seeing in the last year, we're looking at, are they trying to apply for higher fake amounts, are we seeing changes in geographies or maybe there's been a little bit more incidence. And we're really monitoring that, and we're really seeing no distribution shift toward older adults. We're not seeing really any significant change by state groupings. And again, we're not seeing a shift to overall the higher fake amounts. And then we've also done some limiting between both marketing as well as just in our underwriting, putting some limitations on the amount that they can - older individuals can't purchase at American income, there's some limitations and some changes on some of the policy there for individuals over 60. So both through the underwriting and the marketing process, doing some things to try to limit our exposure there. And I think as we look at the actual experience, again, I mentioned in my notes that since - for policies that have been issued since March 1, 2020, we've only seen 71 claims so far that have totaled about $600,000. And so that's - and that's both inclusive of American Income and Liberty and all the different distributions. So it's a very small percentage of the overall policies. And of course, the additional - the incremental - those come in a very small incremental marketing costs. So we expected there to be a little bit of additional mortality, but it's more than paid for through additional profits on that business.
Gary Coleman: I want to add to that is, in addition, while the sales increases in direct-to-consumer across all channels and products, the sales of the juvenile product have increased at a higher rate than adult life insurance and that gives us further confidence we're not experiencing at a selection. It's just the highest incident of serious illness mortality is at the older ages.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Erik Bass on Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: I guess sticking on the life business. I was hoping you could give a little bit more detail on your margin expectations by the business line for kind of the remainder of the year. And then what would you think is kind of a normalized underwriting margin target for the three main businesses?
Frank Svoboda: As we think about life as a whole, and then I'll talk about some of the individual businesses, we are - we saw about 19% in the first quarter. We do see that gradually improving over the course of the year, seeing at a - for the full year being somewhere around probably 25% for life as a whole. And what we're really saying is that by the time we get to some of the non-COVID claims and in addition to the non-COVID claims, we've had - we've talked about some of the lapses, and that has an impact on policy obligations as well and makes that a little bit higher. And that will, again, be, I think, tend to - we think, will tend to normalize over the course of the year. At American income, we anticipate that the margin for the full year will be closer to 32%, for direct-to-consumer, around 13% and for Liberty National, around 21%. So again, in each 1 of those lines, we see the overall underwriting margin improving over the course of the year and really by anticipating by the fourth quarter that we're able to give back to pretty close to normal margin percentages as a percentage of premium.
Erik Bass: Got it. And should we look to 2019 as seeing a pretty normal margin level to think about, hopefully, returning to in 2022?
Frank Svoboda: That's what we're anticipating is when we think about it, it is about at those levels.
Erik Bass: And then maybe on the health side, can you just talk about any changes you're seeing in terms of benefits utilization? And have you seen any pickup in activity is kind of we've had in reopening and more people are getting vaccinated?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So far, I mean, we are starting to see pretty normal levels of utilization, both on - especially in the Med Sup lines that we're seeing pretty normal levels of activity at this point in time.
Erik Bass: Got it. So the favorable margin is more - the better persistency and lower amortization?
Frank Svoboda: That's correct. That's what's really driving most of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman, Crdit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: And thanks for the thoughtful answers around mortality. I want to drill down a little bit more. I was wondering how many policies does globalize have outstanding in the life insurance area. I was doing some math around unfavorable claims. And I guesstimated something around a 350 to 400 policies above kind of what would have been normal. So the second part of the question, is that a decent assessment? And just how many policies do you have enforced in the life area?
Gary Coleman: Yes, I believe to - as I say, and I don't have frankly in front of you. I think we have around 13 million policies enforce life [indiscernible].
Andrew Kligerman: 13 million enforce. And so would you have any type of like a standard deviation that you might apply to this to say, how far out of the normal range is this? I mean, is this really unusual. I mean, the first quarter of last year actually was modestly favorable, if I recall correctly. So any way to kind of - other than the dollars, what you know, how unusual was this?
Frank Svoboda: And you're just talking about the general COVID claims or with respect to some of the [indiscernible].
Andrew Kligerman: No. I'm talking on non-COVID, I'm sorry, when I was estimating close to 400 policies, it's non-COVID outside of the norm.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I mean, I think - I mean, it's a - we tend to think about claims activity and kind of growing overall with the size of business. I mean, definitely, what we've seen here over the last few quarters is an increase in that activity, we just - and it's - I don't have the percentage right off the top of my head, but it is not - it comes from time to time. You'll see those fluctuations to where you will have that on occasion. It is a little bit higher than what we would maybe have typically seen in some of the normal fluctuations. But - and we can see that in just some of our overall claim numbers, but it is not something that is terribly, I'm going to say, way out of the ranges that you might see from time to time.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes. I mean - and let me just run another thought by you. I mean, if this were a trend, then shouldn't we have seen that in the third quarter and fourth quarter as well. It just seems like it's going to come out of nowhere and could very well reverse. Am I thinking about that the right way?
Frank Svoboda: Well, and I do think the timing of it corresponds here with the pandemic, and that's why we're kind of looking at it it's really popped up here toward the end of - we started seeing some of the claims emerging. And as we get a little bit more experience, obviously, we've always talked about, there was a 2- or 3-month lag from what we're really seeing in our claims data to being able to get back and see that. And some of these claims that were actually - we're paying that we're seeing where the death did occur in late 2020. But we're seeing - and that's what gives us some indication that it's more of a fluctuation relating to the overall pandemic. You may recall that just kind of to your point, and I forget exactly the year 2016 or 2017, we went through a really short period where we ended up having some higher non-medical causes of deaths as well and then those tenants subside and drop back down at periods of time. So that will take place from time to time.
Andrew Kligerman: Very helpful. And then just 1 last one. I was intrigued, a competitor of your data acquisition of a Medicare insurance oriented Insuretech company. And as I look at your direct-to-consumer operation, Medicare Supplement, tiny fraction of your life sales through that channel. Is that a vertical that you might want to build out more extensively? Is it something where you could sell on behalf of another carrier as opposed to Globe Life providing the underwriting?
Larry Hutchison: The channel direct-to-consumer is currently group sales and group sales are hard to edit. We continue to try and expand that channel. In the past, we've tested individual sales through our direct-to-consumer channel and haven't been very successful with that. We've had greater success, obviously, with our agency operation. Through our branding efforts as you go forward, should they - we're exploring how to expand those direct-to-consumer health sales and particularly in Medicare Supplement. So I don't think we'll look at other carriers to try to distribute on behalf of other carriers that would detract from our life sales and our agencies, but we will continue to explore direct-to-consumer individual Medicare Supplement sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger, KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I may have missed this so. Did you disclose the amount of the dollar amount of non-COVID excess mortality that you saw in the first quarter and also your expectations for the full year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. For the first quarter, it probably ran about $13 million higher than what we anticipated, so roughly about 2% of premium just from that in the first quarter. And for the full year, we anticipate around $18 million more than what we had kind of anticipated initially. I think 4 - totally inclusive for the entire year, including our expectations, if you will, is that it will be about $50 million for the full year, and it was about $25 million in the first quarter. So again, about half of what we kind of anticipate of total extra obligations, if you will, will have occurred in the first quarter. And so that's why I think in the first quarter, you kind of look at - it was probably a drag of about 3.5% of premium due to some - the entire obligations and then about 1.8% or so, between 1.5% and 2% is kind of what we expect now for the full year.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. You mentioned that higher buyback was a partial offset to this. Can you give some updated commentary on your level of buybacks that you expect in 2021?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So at the midpoint of our guidance, again, we're looking at that excess cash flow in that $360 million to $370 million. And so that's kind of the level that we have around on that. And then we look at some different average prices over the course of the year. That's - but that is a little bit higher than where we were back in January and kind of at the midpoint, our expectations were not as - was not quite that high for overall share repurchases. And then actually, in the first quarter, we were able to - we purchased just a little bit more. That wasn't it, but it's actually a little bit lower price than what we had kind of built into the midpoint of our prior projections. So and kind of the benefit of that. So we bought back a few more shares than what we had anticipated. That just helps so getting the benefit of that over the course of the year as well.
Ryan Krueger: And then just the last one. Do you - are you still thinking that $50 million is your target for parent company liquidity? So as you get to the end of this year, you'll determine how much you might need downstream for the updated Q1 factors, but beyond that, anything that's above $50 million could be available for buybacks in 2022?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think that's kind of where we're thinking. Again, we'll take a look at that in the situation as we get closer to the end of the year, probably, and a little bit of this comes more into focus but I think that's likely kind of that target that we'd be looking forward to retain.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher, Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher: Just a follow-up to Ryan's last question on capital management plan. So the - with the $550 million of total resources balance, minus the $50 million would imply $500 million. And I know I presume some of that's going to be used through the balance of the year. There's timing issues with getting dividends out. But realistically, are you looking at using some meaningful portion of that for additional buybacks? I mean, are we looking at, I don't know, an extra $200 million to $400 million of buybacks in 2022? Or are you thinking about staggering that out more when you think about capital deployment?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So when you think about the $500 million, $550 million or what have you, and as you kind of mentioned you're pulling out, let's just say for 50 with $500 million for the remainder of 2021, if our share buybacks, let's just say, at the high end of that excess cash flow range of $370 million. We've already bought back $100 million. So you got about $270 million that's remaining for this year, then that's where we'll have to look. And that - so that's really leaving about $230 million remaining out there for various capital needs. So we'll see what type of capital needs we have from C1 and how the downgrades progressed over the year. Now that's in excess, clearly where we north of what we think would have - would be necessary. And so - but depending on where that is, Tom, I think, depends upon if that's something that - and how much clarity we have if we end up with a bigger chunk that we're able to return, it probably would come back over a period of time and tail clearly into 2022. I think we'd probably be trying to do it earlier than spread it out over the entire year. But I think we'd probably focus on returning it sometime early in 2022. It's a very end of 2021, depending on how much there is.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. That's helpful. And then just in terms of the, I guess, the philosophy of $50 million holding company buffer. I think your annual interest expenses are over $80 million now. And I think your common dividend is over $80 million. I guess standard industry practice seems to be holding 1x coverage for interest and common dividends, which would be $160 million plus for you. Is that not - is it the stability of your cash flows that would give you confidence to not hold that much, but just curious why you'd be able to hold a lot less than annual interest expense?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Tom, here I would [indiscernible] testability in free cash flow that we have it was pretty consistent shift over the year. But the $50 million is something we had - we adjusted that level several years ago. And we really had no issues. This past year, we did raise some additional liquidity [indiscernible] not normal what the COVID world is going to be like. And as it turns out we raised a lot more than we decided. So I don't think Frank is saying it's going to be $50 million. We'll evaluate that as we go along, but it's I don't think that we would see the need to keep as much as you're talking about.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And I would agree. It really is, when we look at having that comfort of having the $350 million, plus or minus some each and every year in our excess cash flow. So after the payment of those interest and dividends that you mentioned, gives us great comfort as we go over that, that we'll have the funds, and that creates a new pool of liquidity every year that we can access if we, in fact, need it in.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. And then the final question, just on I just want to make sure I understood it. The non-COVID - sorry, the indirect-COVID mortality, you said it was negative $13 million in 1Q?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. That was higher than what we had kind of anticipated. So we had anticipated higher. We had seen some of the trends at the end of the year. And again, we anticipated the higher COVID deaths. So we anticipated a decent amount of higher obligations in the first quarter, but we did see about $13 million more than what we had anticipated.
Thomas Gallagher: Okay. Got it. So that was relative to expectation. But if I say relative to returning to normal, I was estimating like $20 million to $25 million. And if - is that sound about right?
Frank Svoboda: That does sound about right. Correct.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue at this time.
Michael Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. We'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Globe Life, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, our 2019 10-K, and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. I would like to open by saying that in this COVID environment, the company continues to conduct business effectively and our operations are running efficiently. In fourth quarter, net income was $204 million or $1.93 per share, compared to $187 million or $1.69 per share a year-ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $184 million or $1.74 per share, a per share increase of 2% from a year-ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 9.5% and book value per share was $83.19. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 13.5% and book value per share grew 10% to $53.12. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 7% to $678 million. As noted before, we have seen improved persistency and premium collections since the onset of the crisis. Life underwriting margin was $164 million, down 8% from a year-ago. The decline in margin is due primarily to approximately $27 million of COVID claims. In 2021, we expect both life premium revenue and underwriting margin to grow 6% to 7%. At the mid-point of our guidance, we anticipate approximately $52 million of COVID claims. Health insurance premium grew 5% to $290 million and health underwriting margin was up 18% to $72 million. The increase in underwriting margin was primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expenses. In 2021, we expect both health premium revenue and underwriting margin to grow around 6%. Administrative expenses were $63 million for the quarter up 3% from a year-ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.5% compared to 6.7% a year-ago. In 2021, we expect administrative expenses to grow 7% to 8% and be around 6.7% of premium due primarily to higher pension costs, higher IT and Information Security cost and a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs. Ill now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I am optimistic as I look ahead, I believe we'll emerge from the pandemic stronger than before as a result of the adjustments we've made during the crisis. We now have more ways to generate sales and recruiting activity. The ability to recruit agents and sell to customers both virtually and in-person in the future will enhance our ability to generate sales growth. Looking back at fourth quarter, we were pleased with the results as we continue to see strong growth in sales and agent count. I will now discuss trends at each distribution channel. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $327 million and life underwriting margin was up 7% to $105 million. Net life sales were $71 million, up 20%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 9,642, up 26% from the year-ago quarter, and up 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 9,664. We continue to see significant recruiting opportunity due to current economic conditions and our ability to recruit both virtually and in-person. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $74 million, while life underwriting margin was down 26% to $14 million, as lower underwriting margin is primarily due to COVID claims. Net life sales increased 24% to $18 million, while net health sales were $7 million down 1% from the year-ago quarter. The increase in net life sales is due to increased agent count, continued adoption of virtual sales methods and increased ability to conduct worksite sales activities. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,705, up 7% for the year-ago quarter, and up 6% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,770. We're encouraged by Liberty National's continued growth and ability to adapt to the current environment. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $82 million and health underwriting margin increased 17% to $22 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expenses. Net health sales were up 17% to $21 million. The increase in net health sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,452, up 18% from the year-ago quarter, and up 6% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,463. Family Heritage continues to generate recruiting and sales from letting. In our direct to consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $224 million, while life underwriting margin declined 42% to $23 million. Frank will further discuss decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $39 million, up 32% from the year-ago quarter. We continue to see strong consumer demand and basic life insurance protection across all channels of the direct to consumer distribution. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 7% to $116 million and health underwriting margin increased 21% to $19 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to increased premium and improved persistency. Net health sales were $22 million, down 30% compared to the year-ago quarter. It is always difficult to predict United American sales, as the Medicare supplement marketplace is highly competitive. Although it is difficult to predict sales activity in this environment, I will now provide projections based on knowledge of our business and current trends. We expect a producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2021 to be in the following ranges: American Income 3% to 14% growth; Liberty National 1% to 16% growth; Family Heritage 1% to 9% growth. Net life sales trends are expected to be as follows: American Income Life for the full-year 2021, an increase of 9% to an increase of 13%; Liberty National for the full-year 2021, an increase of 7% to an increase of 11%; Direct to consumer for the full-year 2021, a decrease of 5% to an increase of 5%. Net health sales trends are expected to be as follows: Liberty National for the full-year 2021, an increase of 7% to an increase of 11%; Family Heritage for the full-year 2021 an increase of 5% to an increase of 9%; United American Individual Medicare supplement for the full-year 2021 a decrease of 3% to an increase of 7%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $61 million, a 2% decrease over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 2%. For the year, excess investment income in dollars declined 5% and on a per share basis was down 1%. In 2021, we expect excess investment income to be flat, but up 1% to 3% on a per share basis. In the fourth quarter, we invested $359 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.54%, an average rating of A, and average life of 26 years. While we continue to invest primarily in fixed maturities, 17% of our total investment acquisitions in 2020 were in other long-term investments, primarily Limited Partnerships, investing in credit instruments. These investments are expected to generate incremental additional yield, while still being in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.29%, down 12 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2019. And as of December 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.28%. Invested assets were $18.4 billion, including $17.2 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities $16.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $841 million compared to $840 million at September 30. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.9%. Excluding net unrealized gain from the fixed maturity portfolio, the low investment grade bonds as a percentage of equity is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- same as a year-ago. Bonds rated BBB are 55% of the fixed maturity portfolio, the same as at the end of 2019. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets, such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs, and other asset-backed securities. Because we invest long, our key criteria utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire, provide the best risk adjusted and capital adjusted returns and due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. For 2021, at the mid-point of our guidance, we assume an average yield rate on new fixed maturity investments of around 3.55%. But we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Global Life can thrive in a lower to prolonged interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or saturate balance sheets under the current accounting rules since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. And fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next five years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $45 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company generated excess cash flows in 2020 of $388 million compared to $374 million in 2019. The parent company's excess cash flow as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt, and the dividends paid to Global Life shareholders. Thus including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we had $433 million of excess cash flow available to the parent during the year. In the fourth quarter, the parent -- the company purchased 1.4 million shares of Globe Life, Inc. common stock at a total cost of $123 million with an average share price of $88.55. For the full-year, we spent $380 million of parent company cash to acquire 4.5 million shares, at an average share price of $85.24. As noted on our last call, the parent ended the third quarter with $435 million in liquid assets. As just noted, the parent used $123 million of cash for share repurchases in the fourth quarter. In addition, the parent reduced its commercial paper holdings by $25 million during the quarter. The parent ended the fourth quarter with liquid assets of approximately $290 million. Looking forward, the parent will continue to generate excess cash flow in 2021. While their 2020 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect our excess cash flow in 2021 to be in the range of $330 million to $360 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at January 1, we currently expect to have around $620 million to $650 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent in 2021. As I'll discuss in more detail in just a few moments, this amount is more than necessary to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program. As noted on previous calls, we'll use our cash as efficiently as possible. We currently believe share repurchases provide the best return to our shareholders versus other available alternatives. Thus, we anticipate share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the parents' excess cash flows. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after they have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, to expand our information technology and other operational capabilities as well as to acquire new long duration assets to fund future cash needs. Now capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain our capital levels necessary to support our current ratings. As noted on previous calls, Globe Life has targeted a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320% for 2020. Although we have not finalized our 2020 statutory financial statements, we anticipate that our consolidated RBC ratio for 2020 will be at the mid-point of this range, reflecting additional capital contributions of $20 million to $30 million. For 2021, we intend to maintain the same targeted RBC range. As discussed on previous calls, a primary driver of potential future capital needs from the parent is the adverse capital effect during this economic downturn from either downgrades that increase required capital or investment credit losses that reduced statutory income, and thus total capital. To estimate the potential impact on capital due to changes in our investment portfolio, we continue to model several scenarios that take into account consensus views on the economic impact of the recession, the strength and timing of the eventual recovery, and a bottoms-up application of such views on the particular holdings in our portfolio, as well as other stress tests. We now estimate that our insurance companies will require $35 million to $140 million of additional capital over the course of this credit event to maintain the minimum 300% RBC ratio of our stated target range. This amount is lower than our previous estimates. In our base case, we expect less than $20 million in aftertax credit losses, and approximately $700 million of additional downgrades over the next 12 to 18 months. In our worst case scenario, we increase the expected downgrades to approximately $2 billion over that same target. Regardless of whether the need is $35 million or $140 million of capital, or something in between, the parent company has ample liquidity to cover the amount required. It is important to note that Globe Life statutory reserves are not negatively impacted by the low interest rates or the equity markets given our basic fixed protection products. Furthermore, the current interest rates do not have any impact on our statutory reserves given the strong underwriting margin in our products. In the aggregate, our statutory reserves are more than adequate under all cash flow testing scenarios. As noted by Gary, total life underwriting margins declined by 8% during the quarter. These lower margins were primarily due to an estimated $27 million of COVID-related policy obligations incurred in the quarter, $11 million more than we had anticipated on our last call, due to 65,000 more COVID deaths across the U.S. in the fourth quarter than projected. During the quarter, direct to consumer incurred an additional $13 million in COVID claims and Liberty National incurred an additional $6 million. Absent these additional losses, direct to consumers underwriting margin would have been 16% of premium for the quarter. In the Liberty National distribution, absent the estimated policy obligations due to COVID, their underwriting margin would have been 27% of premium for the quarter. For the full-year 2020, our total incurred COVID policy obligations across our life operations were approximately $67 million. Absent these additional losses, our total life underwriting margin would have been slightly below 28% of premium comparable to 2019. With respect to our health operations, total health claims were approximately $7 million lower than what we expected at the beginning of the year due to COVID. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2021, we're projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $7.16 to $7.56 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The $7.36 mid-point is lower than the mid-point of our previous guidance at $7.55 primarily due to higher anticipated COVID death benefits. On our last call, our mid-point included an estimate of $32 million in COVID life claim relating to approximately 160,000 U.S. deaths. The mid-point of our guidance now estimates approximately $52 million of COVID life claim on projections of around 270,000 U.S. deaths, the vast majority of which are expected to occur in the first quarter of 2021. We continue to estimate that we will incur COVID life claims of roughly $2 million for every 10,000 U.S. deaths. Obviously, the amount of death benefits paid due to COVID-19 in 2021 will depend on many factors, including the effectiveness of the various vaccines and the speed at which the highest risk segments of our population get vaccinated. The larger than normal range for our guidance reflects this additional uncertainty. Those are my comments on there. Now I'll turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. If I take your updated COVID guidance, it looks like there may have been a small amount of reduction to the EPS expectation outside of COVID. Can you provide any detail on what any additional drivers beyond just COVID mortality?
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Yes, we've -- we are expecting a higher average share price in 2021, than what we had anticipated back in October, just reflecting our higher trading price right now. So it did have a reduction in the overall effect of the buyback maybe $0.06 to $0.07 ultimately. And then probably $0.03 to $0.04 better underwriting results, ultimately, really American Income and Liberty just a little bit better, slightly better than what we maybe anticipated back in October.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then I continue on the buyback, can you provide any thoughts on your expectations for buyback levels in 2021, you obviously have some excess cash at the parent company, any thoughts there?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan, right now we anticipate just using whatever excess cash flow that we generate at the parent company for the global buybacks. So again, in that $340 million to $370 million range, somewhere in there. Well, as far as the excess cash that's sitting there at the parent company, for right now we'll hold on to that to make sure of what levels of additional capital we might need and as we work our way through the year, then we'll see if we're able to redeploy those in some other fashion.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And I just had one last quick one. Life persistency has generally been favorable and was favorable in 2020; it looks like some of that reversed in the fourth quarter in direct to consumer. So curious what you're expecting for persistency in 2021?
Gary Coleman: Ryan, we're -- in the mid-point of our guidance, we assume that the persistency over the year would eventually get back to or just prior to 2020. In that -- so what we're going to -- what we saw in the fourth quarter, even in the direct to consumer is that the persistency wasn't quite as good as it was in second or third quarter. But still it was better than what it had been historically. We're just -- I don't think we've ever had a pandemic. Well, I guess I don't, we're just not sure whether or when we'll return back to the prior historical levels. But as far as I got as we assume -- as we get toward the end of 2021 it'll be back to more what it was 2019 and prior.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. I guess the first question, I'm looking at the life underwriting margins and as a percent of premiums in direct to consumer, it fell 860 basis points to 10.1%. But then when we look at American Income, it only fell 90 basis points to 32.1%. So I just kind of -- I think I have a sense of the answer but I'd like a little more color on what might be driving the disparity between these two channels?
Frank Svoboda: And I think, did you say it well, in Liberty National has a little bit more exposure to some of the higher populations within their overall book of business. When you look at -- then American Income, American Income generally ensures a little younger portion of the population has less exposure to say those portions of the populations that are being most impacted right now. So just proportionally -- they are -- Liberty National is seeing a just a higher impact overall from the COVID.
Andrew Kligerman: Again in direct to consumer as well?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, in direct to consumer its a little bit more of, their -- the nature of their simplified underwriting, especially as compared to American Income, American Income has little bit more underwriting processes being done in the field whereas with direct to consumer and their simplified underwriting, we anticipate higher mortality, we've always priced in and have higher mortality experience in direct to consumer. They also have as a percentage of their in-force a little bit older population -- or they do have an older population than American Income, it's not quite as --it's a little bit less than what Liberty National has. Overall for our book of business, it's about 4% of our policies in force are relate to insurers that are 70-year old and 70 years old and above. At American -- at direct to consumer, it's closer to 5%. And Liberty National, just a little bit higher than that and American income is about 3.5% or so.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. That makes sense. So that everything seems on track. So then, as I think about the sales trends and nothing short of phenomenal there. What percent -- just curious, some color around margins, what percent of sales would you say in your exclusive producer channels, what percent are being done virtually versus face-to-face?
Larry Hutchison: We don't keep the data because all of our applications record electronically. Only distinguish, I would estimate at this point in time, probably 80% of the American Income sales are still virtual. I think it would be a much larger percentage than the other two agencies. Well, the reason we don't capture that data is to go forward and what was important is we're looking at closing rates, we look at activity, that's really a better measure where sales will be, it really comes down to consumer preference. We'll show you the virtually around person, depending on what the consumer prefers as a sales channel.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. I see. Makes sense. And then just again, maybe a little color around statistics or metrics for just demand for protection based products. Are there any metrics out there where you're seeing that pick up I know earlier, you said that you expect persistency will kind of revert back to where we were in 2019? Do you think demand will come down as well?
Larry Hutchison: Well, I think we do expect to do life insurance demand for pandemic levels. However, we think demand should be greater than pre-COVID levels. Well, that's because I think that shows some benefit for the continued increase awareness of the importance of life insurance, of course, there's a possibility of future pandemic. Currently, the variants for the current pandemic, I think we'll see a consumer preference for the digital experience, which will help our direct to consumer. Only agencies are decreasing demand, I think it'd be offset by our ability to sell both virtually and in-person. And the growth in the agencies, both the agents and the middle management will also generate additional sales as we go-forward.
Gary Coleman: Andrew, I'd like to -- I mentioned earlier that we -- Andrew I mentioned that we have to assume that lapses would go back to historical trends by the end of the year. But I'll do a reference just not sure because we haven't been through this pandemic like this before, it well could do that because it impacted so many people, and so many families in this country that it turns out that the persistency and premise we've seen continue for a period of time. But just to be conservative, we assumed that they would go back to the historical averages by the end of this year.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I think your guidance is for health premiums and underwriting income to grow 6% to 7% in 2021, which implies flat margins, think before you had expected the margin to come down a little bit, given some of the benefits of lower claims in 2020. So are you changing that view at all, and do you expect some of the benefits to continue into 2021?
Gary Coleman: Well, Erik, I think we expect from a policy obligation standpoint that we'll probably be around the same in 2021, as we were 2020. But what we're seeing is because the improved persistency, we're seeing lower acquisition cost, lower amortization. And we had 19% of premium in 2019 to 18% in -- we're thinking it could be a little bit less than 18% this coming year. So that's -- that's helping keeping that margin.
Erik Bass: So overall, kind of in the 24% to 25% range again, is that what you're expecting?
Gary Coleman: Yes, it should be -- I think at the mid-point of our guidance, this is right around 24%.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And then I was just hoping you could maybe give a little bit more color on the long-term investments that you talked about the limited partnerships. Just hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on what these are in the credit profile and how they're treated in terms of required capital in the accounting for investment income?
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Yes, most of these are long-term limited partnerships that primarily invest in credit-related investments. Some of them are -- have participation mortgages that are very short-term -- short-term mortgages that are made like three years in duration, and have very good loan to ratios. Ultimately, these are designed to be kicking out investment income on a periodic basis, as well as you'll have the potential for long-term gains, if you will, long-term target rates. The quarterly distributions generally on most of these range from 5% to 6% and ultimately have maybe a long-term return prospects of 8% to 10%. And really, that's the difference between those quarterly distributions that we obtain from these partnerships. And then some of those long-term returns are what flow through ultimately, it's capital gains, that flow through our realized gains of losses, over time. But the majority of those are in the nature of that. There's also some opportunistic credit partnerships that we've had on for on our books for a while. But we continue to look at some of those types of generally credit-related, structured type partnerships that get us into a little bit different type of exposure on the credit side than the normal fixed -- corporate fixed maturities.
Erik Bass: Got it, thanks. That's helpful. So should we expect a little bit more volatility quarter-to-quarter in terms of the investment income from those? And is there a higher assumed capital charge as well?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, there's a higher capital charge and so we take that into account, when we're taking a look into that, and evaluating the benefits of getting into that type of an investment versus the fixed maturity, given the higher yields that they have right now. It's worth a higher capital charge. It is a little bit -- from a risk perspective, they're definitely lower in risk than I'm going to say kind of the general alternatives or especially those that might be a little bit more equity based hedge fund type partnerships. The structure of these with getting some type of a quarterly distribution from them, from a statutory income, then we've got a steady stream and a predictable stream still of income, that's receivable from these particular partnerships. Long-term and on the balance sheet, there is a volatility just in the value of those on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. With the increased level of COVID deaths, kind of embedded in revised guidance, can you talk about the corresponding claims tailwind offset we should be thinking about from lower utilization and health?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, on the health side right now for 2020, we really see the utilization really coming back to a pretty normal level, especially on med supp type business, where we did see some benefits from lower utilization in 2020. We've really seen the trends toward the end of the year to get back to pretty normal utilization. And right now we're anticipating that same type of utilization in 2021. We're really not on the health side expecting any -- really any substantial benefits or costs, if you will associate with that. Does that answer the question?
John Barnidge: Yes, it did, thank you. Maybe related to that. Can you talk about maybe telemedicine; do you feel that could long-term offer some claim savings for the health business?
Frank Svoboda: I'm not sure I understood the question.
John Barnidge: If telemedicine becomes a more permanent part of -- and if people using Medicare supplemental products, their claims utilization rates can maybe secularly decline possible?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, potentially. I don't know off the -- I do not think that we've built into that into any type of our guidance. But it does seem possible that that could potentially have some cost savings in the long-term.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So first, I just had a question on your sales, and you've obviously seen very good growth across all of your channels. Do you think there's some adverse selection going on as well? And what are some of the things that you're doing to potentially prevent that? And if you have any statistics on claims that you might have seen on policies that you've written since -- since the onset of the pandemic?
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, I'll touch on the kind of the last part of that, especially, we do continue to really monitor the sales, especially on the direct to consumer side, looking at, we think changes in the average age of new applications and the amounts that are being requested. And they're coming from higher risk geographies and looking at those, are seeing changes in those types of demographics, and we are not seeing any significant really changes in those over the course of the year. So we do, and of course with limited, some of our exposures, especially to the higher age segments of the population. So we've taken steps through the marketing and underwriting efforts to try to protect ourselves there. But with -- and with respect to the claims that we've paid so far, we paid 28 claims through the -- in 2020, on policies that were issued after 31, with a total face amount of about $178,000. In considering that we issued about, close to 2 million policies during the year, that's a pretty small number. Now, we had about 3,800, little less than 3,800 claims in total, in the year that we've actually paid, of course, there may be some of those that are in the process that's still getting that are in the process. But we're seeing about 85% of our claims are above age 60 and above. So we're still really seeing it in the high risk, it's consistent with what we're seeing, consistent to where one would think in those focus in the highest level. And then almost 70% of our claims are from policy being issued in 2010 or before and 97 are before 2019. So we're seeing a pretty good distribution from over that.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, on the sales side, the company is monitoring the increased sales levels; to be sure [indiscernible] selection is not occurring. We haven't experienced a significant shift in product mix, apt age or location of the new sales. If you look at direct to consumer it's interesting that the sales increases across all channels. However, the juvenile sales have actually increased at a higher rate than adult life insurance. It gives us some further confidence there because the highest estimate is [indiscernible] with the older ages.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you. And then do you have any better insight into sort of the impact of changes in accounting for long duration contracts going into effect in a couple of years?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I really don't have anything new from what we talked about in the last call. We do continue to work through that. It'll be something I think a little bit, maybe the latter part of this year that we'll have little bit more information to really share on that.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And just lastly on, if you think about your agent recruiting and retention, it's obviously benefited, I think from a softer labor market in the services area. If assuming COVID vaccines are successful, and we sort of get to normal later this year, and everything opens up, do you think you could suffer in terms of retention, as some of these guys have left other industries and come to your, become sales agents or leave or what are your views on your retention, if we sort of get to normalcy agent retention?
Larry Hutchison: Call me back saying that the Fed was recruiting and retention. I pointed out that in terms of unemployment, we have been able to recruit successfully, we really focus on the under employed, not just the unemployed. You're correct. Unemployment does have a greater effect on retention and recruiting, has greater work opportunities. We think the ability to recruit both virtually and in-person and the sell version in person -- admin person will enhance our ability to grow the agencies. And I think retention will be at historical levels as we go-forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, a question on direct to consumer, you said I think I got this right, excluding COVID losses, the margin was 16% in the quarter. That's a bit lower than it's been trending on a normalized basis, I guess, full-year last year was 18%, 4Q last year was 19%. Are you expecting lower margins to persist in that business into 2021?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Tom. We did see in the fourth quarter, a little pickup in some of the non-COVID claims. Really especially in the -- in some of the areas that we've seen in the press, homicides and deaths due to drug overdose, whether that be drug or alcohol related type accidents, which some have kind of attributed, if you will, to some of those indirect COVID-related deaths and trends and, in fact, they're up over about 24%, those types of claims over the fourth quarter of 2019. And that was about 2% of the premium in the fourth quarter. Now, we do anticipate those staying a little bit elevated levels into 2021. So, overall, we're expecting margins for full-year of 2021 to be in that 12% to 16% range, probably three points of that is, due to COVID. And you probably add another 1% or 2%, that are just due to -- what we think are some of the higher other causes of death that are kind of a byproduct of the COVID environment that we think will subside over time and won't stick with us for the long-term. But right now, we're including some of that into 2021.
Larry Hutchison: Thats not excluding the impact of COVID next year, the direct COVID claims is still going to be somewhere, it'd be in the 16% to 17% range.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. So a little bit later, and any -- just given that expectation, any consideration or reason to reprice, are you still very comfortable with that level of margin from an overall return standpoint?
Larry Hutchison: Well, we've always looked at possibility of repricing. But I think what weve been looking out weve only given guidance for 2021. But I think our feeling is that until we get past the amount of COVID claims we'll get past 2021. We think we'll get closer back to that 80% range that we were prior to 2020.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just on your on the excess cash, you expect for 2021 I guess it's about $30 million to $40 million lower versus your 2020 figure. Is that all just due to the expectation of credit risk and credit losses, or is there anything else affecting that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's predominantly the credit losses that we actually had in 2020, which impacted statutory income in 2020 and therefore the dividends that are available to the holding company in 2021. And there's probably another $10 million or so, we're kind of seeing and just looking at some of the other cash flows that the holding company has that looks like they maybe a little bit lower in 2021 versus 2020.
Operator: It appears there are no further telephone questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mike Majors for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments. And we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Globe Life Incs Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to the third quarter earnings release we issued yesterday along with our 2019 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and Web site for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone. First, I will point out that the company continues to effectively conduct business in our operations are running smooth. In the third quarter net income was $189 million or $1.76 per share compared to $202 million or $1.82 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $188 million or $1.75 per share a per share increase of 1% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis return on equity was 9.4% and book value per share was $77.60, excluding unrealized gains [Technical Difficulty] return on equity was 13.6% and book value per share grew 10%, $52.39. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 7% to, $674 million while life underwriting margin was $171 million down 6% a year ago. With respect to premium revenue, we've been pleased to see persistency and premium collections improved since the onset of the crisis. However, the decline in margin is due primarily to approximately $18 million of incurred claims related to COVID-19. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow approximately 6%, while life underwriting margin is expected to decline 2% to 3% primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 claims. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate approximately $56 million in COVID-19 claims for the full year. In health insurance premium revenue grew 7% to $288 million and health underwriting margin was up 20% to $73 million. The increase in underwriting margin primarily due to lower acquisition costs. For the year, we expect operating revenues to grow approximately 6% and help underwriting margin to grow 11% to 12%. Administrative expenses were $63 million for the quarter up 4% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.7% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative business to grow around 5%. I'll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We are pleased with the third quarter sales direct to consumer sales grew across all channels and the agencies have adapted to virtual sales appointments and recruiting, they are thriving in this environment. Additionally, agent licensing centers have opened and were conducting some in person sales in certain situations. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American income life premiums were up 9% to $319 million. Our life underwriting margin was flat at $100 million. Net life sales were $68 million up 14%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 9,288 up 23% from the year ago quarter and up 11% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 9,583. We continue to see a significant pool of candidates, in part due to current unemployment levels. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $74 million, our underwriting margin was down 21% to $15 million. The lower underwriting margin is primarily due to higher claims related to COVID-19. Net life sales increased 2% to $14 million. Our net health sales were $6 million down 2% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,551 up 6% from the year ago quarter and up 7% from the second quarter. The producing agent count of Liberty National entered of the quarter at 2,574. We have seen continued adoption of virtual recruiting and selling practices also the relaxation of certain local restrictions has allowed agents to be able to return to some in person presentations in addition to virtual methods. This environment has also provided abundant recruiting opportunities supporting continued agent growth for the future. At Family Heritage health premiums increased 8% to $80 million and health underwriting margin increased 19% to $22 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to a decrease in claims related to COVID-19. Net health sales were up 11% to $19 million. The increase in net sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,371 up 21% from the year ago quarter, and up 10% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,469. We are pleased with the results from family heritage as its agent continues to successfully adapt to this environment. Our direct to consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 8% to $228 million, while life underwriting margin declined 17% to $34 million. Frank will further discuss the third quarter decline and underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $44 million up 50% from the year ago quarter. As we said on the last call times of crisis highlight the need for basic life insurance protection. And this is proven true with a pandemic. Application activity and sales were up across all direct external channels. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 11% to $114 million, while health underwriting margin increased 27% to $18 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to lower acquisition costs. Net health sales were $13 million down 19% compared to the year ago quarter. It is always difficult to predict sales in this highly competitive marketplace. Group Medicare sales are even more volatile and are generally heavily weighted towards the end of the year. Although it is still difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment, I'll now provide projections based on knowledge of our business and current trends. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2020 to be in the following ranges. American income 9,100 to 9,400, Liberty National 2,700 to 2,900, Family Heritage 1,330 to 1,530. Net life sales are expected to be as follows; American income for the full year 2020 an increase of 3% to an increase of 7%. For the full year 2021 an increase of 4%. to an increase of 12%. Liberty National for the full year 2020. a decrease of 2% to an increase of 2%. For the full year 2021 an increase of 3% to an increase of 9%. Direct to consumer for the full year 2020 an increase of 32% to an increase of 36%. For the full year 2021 a decrease of 6% to an increase of 10%. Net health sales are expected to be as follows; Liberty National for the full year 2020, a decrease of 2% to an increase of 2%. For the full year 2021, an increase of 3% to an increase of 9% and the heritage for the full year 2020 an increase of 3% to an increase of 9%. For the full year 2021 an increase of 2% to an increase of 10%. United American Individual Medicare supplement for the full year 2020 a decrease of 25% to flat for the full year 2021 a decrease of 1% to an increase of 7%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $59 million an 8% decrease over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program excess investment income declined 5%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income in dollars to be down about 5% and down about 1% on a per share basis. Next to our investment yield, in the third quarter, we invested $343 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.34% an average rating of A+ at an average life of 29 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.31% down 16 basis points from the yield in the third quarter of 2019. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.32%. Invested assets were $18.2 billion, including $16.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. For the fixed maturities 16 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $840 million compared to $772 million at June 30. Percentage below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 5.0% compared to 4.6% at June 30. Excluding net unrealized gains and the fixed maturity portfolio below investment grade bonds as a percentage of equity is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is right at BBB plus, compared to A- a year ago. We had net unrealized gains from the fixed maturity portfolio of about $3.4 billion. Bonds rated BBB or 55% of fixed maturity portfolio same at the end of 2019. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire provide the best risk adjusted capital adjusted returns due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Because we invest long, key criteria and using our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. This is particularly true in the energy sector. Our energy portfolio is well diversified across sub sectors and issuers. It is heavily weighted to issuers that are less vulnerable due to depressed commodity prices. As weve discussed previously, approximately 57% of our portfolios was in the midstream sector at 34% is in the exploration and production sector. The remaining 9% of our holdings are in the oilfield service and the refiner sectors. We have no exposure in the drilling sector. The composition of our energy portfolio was essentially unchanged during the third quarter and the fair value increased approximately $53 million. While we have no intent to increase our holdings in this sector, we are comfortable with our current energy holdings. Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're assuming an average new money rate of around 3.4% in the fourth quarter and a weighted average of around 3.5% in 2021. That these new money rates with that annual yield on portfolio to be around 5.33% for the full year 2020 and 5.22% in 2021. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a lower to prolonged interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rule since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. And fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next five years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchase program, available liquidity and capital position. In August, the company resumed its share repurchase program. In the third quarter, we spent $118 million to buy 1.4 million Globe Life shares at an average price of $81.79. That's for the full year through the end of the third quarter, we have spent $257 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 3 million shares at an average price of $83.74. The parent end of the third quarter with liquid assets of approximately $435 million. This amount is higher than normal, due to share repurchases through September of $257 million being less than the $360 million of excess cash flow available to the parent through September and a $300 million net increase in our borrowed funds since December 31. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will still generate additional excess cash flow during the remainder of 2020. The parent company's excess cash flow as we define it results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life shareholders. Keeping our common dividend rate at its current level for the remainder of this year, we anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the fourth quarter to be approximate $20 million. Thus, including the $435 million of liquid assets available at the end of the third quarter, we expect the parent company to have around $455 million available for the remainder of the year. As I'll discuss in more detail in just a few moments, we believe the $455 million in liquid assets is more than necessary to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations and maintain the share repurchase program. As previously noted, during the quarter, the company issued a 10-year $400 million senior note with a yield of 2.17%. The proceeds of this long-term debt offering along with other cash at the holding company were used during the quarter to reduce our short-term indebtedness by over $550 million and to more normal levels. In addition, we successfully negotiated a new $750 million credit facility with our banks that last through August of 2023. Now regarding liquidity and capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. As we continue to navigate this current environment, we are keenly focused on liquidity and capital with our insurance operations. With respect to liquidity, our insurance company operating cash flows continue to be very strong. In general, while we do expect higher COVID-related life claim payments over the course of the year, these higher claims are expected to be largely offset by higher premium collections and lower health claim payments. We do not see any issues with the ability to insurance companies to fund all remaining dividends payable to the parent during the remainder of 2020. Now with respect to capital, as previously discussed on our earlier calls, Globe Life target a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2019, our consolidated RBC ratio was 318% near the highest point of our range. Taking into account only the downgrades and credit losses that have occurred through the end of the third quarter, we estimate this ratio would have declined to approximately 310%. At an RBC ratio of 310%, our insurance subsidiaries have approximately $50 million of capital over the amount required at the low-end of our consolidated target of 300%. This excess capital, along with the $455 million of liquid assets we expect to be available at the parent provide over $500 million of assets available to fund future capital needs. As we discussed on the last call, the primary drivers of additional capital needs from the parent are lower statutory income due to COVID-19 related factors, lower statutory income due to investment portfolio defaults or other credit losses and investment downgrades that increase required capital. At this time, we anticipate that our 2020 statutory income before any realized gains and losses will be approximately $20 million to $40 million lower than 2019. To estimate the potential impact on our capital losses and downgrades within our investment portfolio, we have modeled several scenarios that take into account consensus views on the economic impact of the recession, the strength and timing of the eventual recovery and a bottoms up application of such views on the particular holdings in our investment portfolio. We have also analyzed transition and default rates as published by Moody's and evaluated the impact to our RBC ratios should we experience the same transition and default rates as we've experienced in 2001 and 2002, as well as from 2008 to 2010. Taking into account these various models, we now estimate our RBC ratios would be reduced from year end 2019 levels in the range of 30 to 55 points, requiring an additional 75 million to $200 million of capital to maintain a 300% RBC ratio. It should be noted that not all of this additional capital will be required by the end of 2020 as a portion of these defaults and downgrades are expected to occur after the end of this year. Even if all this capital was needed currently, the amount needed is well below the amount of liquidity available at the parent company. Our base case assumes $60 million in total after tax credit losses, plus approximately 2.1 billion of downgrades to our fixed maturity portfolio. Through the third quarter, we have experienced approximately $40 million in losses for statutory reporting purposes and $960 million of downgrades mostly from category NAIC-1 to NAIC-2. It is important to note the Globe Life statutory reserves are not negatively impacted by the low interest rates or the equity markets given our basic fixed protection products. Given the strong underwriting margin in our products, our statutory reserves are more than adequate under all cash flow testing scenarios. At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments relating to the impact of COVID-19 on our third quarter results. As noted by Larry, life and underwriting margins declined at both our Direct to Consumer and Liberty National distributions during the quarter. These declines are primarily due to higher COVID-19 policy obligations. During the quarter, we estimate that Direct to Consumer incurred an additional $10 million related to COVID claims and the Liberty National incurred an additional $4 million. Absent these additional losses, Direct to Consumers underwriting margin would have been 19.5% or premium for the quarter and would have grown by approximately 8%. In the Liberty National distribution, absent the estimated policy obligations due to COVID, their underwriting margin would have been 25% of premium for the quarter and flat versus the year ago quarter. In total for our life operations, we estimate that our total incurred losses from COVID deaths were approximately $18 million in the third quarter and $40 million year-to-date. Absent these additional losses, our total life underwriting margin would have been approximately 28% of premium and up 4% over the year ago quarter. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2020 and 2021. We are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.84 to $7 for the year ending December 31, 2020. The $6.92 midpoint is consistent with prior quarters guidance. As I'll discuss in a moment, we do expect higher life policy obligations in 2020 than previously anticipated due to higher projected COVID-related deaths in the U.S. However, at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect the higher life claims to be offset by higher premiums, lower expenses, and higher share repurchases than previously anticipated. On our last call, we indicated the midpoint of our guidance assumed approximately $45 million of claims related to COVID-19 on an assumption of around 225,000 deaths. We continue to estimate that we will incur COVID-related life claims of approximately $2 million for every 10,000 U.S. deaths. However, at the midpoint of our guidance, we now estimate approximately $56 million of COVID life claims for the full year 2020, reflecting an expectation of approximately 280,000 COVID related deaths in the United States higher than previously anticipated. With respect to our health claims, we estimate our supplemental health benefits for all of 2020 will be approximately $7 million lower than what we expected at the beginning of the year due to COVID, similar to our estimate on the last call. Taking into account the higher COVID life obligations, we expect the life underwriting margin for 2020 as a percentage of premium to be approximately 25.6% at our midpoint. Absent the higher COVID related policy obligations, the life underwriting margin percentage would be similar to the percentage for the full year 2019. The health underwriting margin as a percentage of premium for the full year 2020 should increase to approximately 23.8%. For 2021, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $7.30 to $7.80. The $7.55 midpoint is a 9% increase from the 2020 midpoint. We are anticipating COVID-related life claims in 2021 of approximately $32 million at the midpoint of our guidance with no significant benefit expected from lower health claims. Obviously, the amount of COVID-related claims in 2021 will depend on many factors, including the development of effective therapies and vaccines. The larger the normal range for our guidance reflects this additional uncertainty. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Kligerman: I wanted to start with a question on your sales outlook. Im just kind of looking at the [Technical Difficulty] expectations, 4% to 12% growth in sales in the and American income, Liberty National [Technical Difficulty] after a year where you're up roughly 35%. So, I mean, maybe a little more color on why 21 should actually be quite strong based on these guided numbers you've given, you said there is a gap [Technical Difficulty]?
Gary Coleman: First of all, I apologize your audio wasn't the clearest. I will try and answer the question. I think you asked why are we predicting maybe sales aren't quite as strong in 21 as to 20, I think thats the answer to your question.
Andrew Kligerman: More around the lines of just know that they're very strong in 21, in my view both in the agencies and direct to consumer, and what are the qualities that are enabling that it looks like recruiting a very strong that probably closing well, and you talked a little on the call about virtual and how they got it. So I just wanted a little more clarity on that.
Gary Coleman: Thank you. Your question as you followed up and I think it was, why were the sales be so strong at 21. Direct to Consumer, first, Direct to Consumer, I think it's not likely we're going to have the 50% rate expansion in the third quarter going forward. However, we do expect this level of increased sales at least in the remainder of 2020 and likely the first quarter of 2021 that's really based on the increased demand we're seeing for basic life insurance protection. The last three quarters of 2021, I think sales growth even more challenging given the large sales increases in 2020. In respect to the three agencies, again, we see that the demand for both Life and Health Insurance is very strong and we think as we have the pandemic continue through 2021, whether its midyear or through the full year, its likely to have a positive impact on sales. I think the uncertainly with the agency is that emphasis in sales and recruiting can be a challenge during the pandemic, if the restrictions come back in place. However, we can offset some of those challenges to our use of virtual recruiting and sales.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. In terms of adverse selection in this environment, you saw a pick up in -- pressure on the underwriting margin, naturally from COVID-19, and both direct to consumer, maybe American income. But could you talk a little bit about the business you wrote, say, from April or March to present, what you've done from the vantage point of putting controls in place to prevent adverse selection of those claims that you mentioned. I think you said that 10 million of COVID in Direct to Consumer, 4 million in claims for Liberty. In the portion of those claims might have come from, business written from April on that.
Gary Coleman: I will answer the first part of your question, which is the underwriting process, I'll have Frank address the second part of the question, which is the actual experience. For the time being, we started in really March, we've eliminated the maximum face amounts were issued for older ages. We stop issuing additional coverage to existing policyholders of older ages, they also temporarily stopped issuing policy applicants with certain health conditions. At the same time our underwriting and other departments who have studied the business on a weekly basis. What we haven't seen is any shift that business either by geography, the demographics, provide -- once a demographics, age groups. So we think it's consistent in terms of product mix. We don't think there's adverse selection that's occurring. And those are additional steps we've taken and we take additional steps if we saw some development. Frank, do you want to answer the rest of this question?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Ill probably add one thing, we've actually seen an increase in the amount of applications with respect to the juvenile block that we have in older ages. And as we know, the most susceptible to claims for COVID are at the older ages. And in fact, about 85% of our claims are actually in ages 60 and above. And when we look at our enforce as a whole, we only have about 4% of our enforce is over age 70. And around 12% is age 60 or above and when we right now, as we look at the claims that we've incurred, about 98% of those have been issued before 2019. And with respect to policies issued since March 1, we have paid eight claims through October 17, totaling about $42,000. So we have not seen, any kind of significant claims on any policy that we've been writing really since the first of the year. I will say that the distribution of claims is really pretty well throughout our entire blocks. And probably about two-thirds, roughly two-thirds of our claims are coming from policies that were issued in 2010, or earlier. And so they've really -- a lot of them are obviously in our older policies -- older
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, I had a question on your expense ratios in both the life and health businesses. They were lower than in the past and I wanted to get an idea on whether it's persistency or something else that's driving that and what your outlook is, for expense ratios in the next few quarters.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy the primary reason for the reduced expenses is due to the increased persistency. That's certainly true in the life side. On the health side, it's true, but on the UIGA, we also have implemented a rate increase this year, which also helps drive the expense for premium down. I think for the year, on the life side, we are looking at the amortization, being just slightly lower than what we had last year and it'll be more pronounced on the health side, where we'll be more to 18% of premium versus 19% of premium in terms of amortization last year.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on persistency, there were concerns earlier this year, that with the weaker economy, you might see a little bit of a drop off. And reality, it's actually gotten slightly better. What's your view on the sort of the reason for that and are you still concerned about the drop off in persistency, if the economy gets weaker entering this year or next year?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think that possibility that if the economy worsens that we still see that, but we haven't seen it yet. We've actually seen it and we've talked about an improvement persistency. And we think that's due in large part though. While we're also seeing higher sales, people recognize in this pandemic and need for life insurance that's why more borrowing and then people that have asked before are making sure that they keep the policy in force. But we've seen improvement in our premium collections. We've seen a reduction in delay for premiums, so it's been positive before, we expect it to continue into next year, because we think pandemic [indiscernible] people saw.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on, how are you thinking in terms of taking advantage of the lower stock price and potentially front ending some of the buybacks versus the need to sort of preserve capital, given the risk of a deterioration in credit?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. I would say for the remainder of this year, we're comfortable and being able to utilize all of our excess cash flows for these buybacks the remainder of the year, which would kind of really point to somewhere in that $120 million to $125 million, to get us up to 380 for the year. And that would again, be a price where may we have for excess cash flows. We'll take a look to see as we get close to the end of the year, what happens with the stock price? What happens with the economy, how comfortable we feel with our investment portfolio? We'll consider that, if we accelerate some from 2021, perhaps, but right now, I would say that wed anticipate just really continuing on to utilize our excess cash flows through the remainder of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Barnidge. Please go ahead.
John Barnidge: How many deaths does the 32 million in life claims assume in 2020 guidance, as I imagine, there's probably an assumption for improved therapeutics embedded in that?
Gary Coleman: Yes. We were using kind of that same rule of thumb for that 2 million, for about every 10,000 U.S. deaths. So that kind of have a range, we're kind of estimating 100 to 220,000 deaths, and kind of at that midpoint around 160. So that 32 would kind of relate to around 160,000 deaths in the year. And really, what that kind of supposes is that, we continue to have that the average daily deaths continue to decline and that trend continues over time, just but it does continue on into the second and even into the third quarter of the year.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then, my follow up. curious why there's no assumed health benefit in 2021 since there's an assumed COVID life impact, I asked it because I can see how there could be a secular decline in Medicare supplemental claims utilization given general concern over infectious disease that wasn't present in the U.S. previously.
Gary Coleman: Yes. I think from what we see at this point in time is that we really don't -- we anticipate the utilization especially around the non-med sup claims getting -- really back to normal. We are not seeing expecting any kind of a catch up, if you will for missed procedures. But I think without the substandard closures of clinics and such that we would anticipate just kind of really getting back to more normal levels of both med sub type claims and appointments as well as traditional medical services.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Bass. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Maybe just to follow up on John's question on the health business, what are you assuming for an underwriting margin in 2021? And you had mentioned some lower acquisition costs? So is that something that you would expect to continue into next year?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Are you talking about just -- on the med sub business, or the health business as a whole?
Erik Bass: The health business as a whole, just kind of what level of underwriting margin you're assuming percentage wise?
Gary Coleman: Yes, assuming, that should be relatively close, and kind of in the same range in that 23% to 24% range for all of 2021.
Erik Bass: Okay, thank you. And then apologies, if I missed a bit, did you give the outlook for premiums that you're assuming for both life and health in terms of the year-over-year growth in your 21 guidance?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. We're looking at the midpoint of the guidance, we're looking at about a 6% increase in life premiums and a little over 7% increase in health premiums.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then, if I can just squeeze in one more just on recruiting. I know, historically, you've talked about seeing sort of a stair step pattern when you kind of bring in a lot of new agents and then kind of the agent count tends to flatten out a little bit. Is that what you would expect going into 21 at this point? Or how should we think about that?
Larry Hutchison: And expect to be a stair step process, I think we will have an increased agent count. While higher [indiscernible] recruiting. We've also had a real addition in middle income -- middle management, American income is growing 22% year-to-date. And middle managers are really responsible for much of the recruiting that takes place. So the 24% increase in middle management, I think we'll see strong recruiting into 2021. Also, virtual recruiting has allowed us to reach a greater number of possible recruits. Finally, in 2018 and 2019, American income added approximately 15 new agency owners, these additional options have contributed to the increase in agents. So while it's typically to be a stair step process, I think we'll still have increases in 2021.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Krueger. Please go ahead, sir.
Ryan Krueger: For 2021, could you provide your margin outlook for the -- in percentage terms for the life insurance business? And then if you have it, what it would be if you excluded your assumption for COVID claims next year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan. For the for the total life margin, we expect it to be around 26% and it will be around 27%, 27.1% is what we'd anticipate without the COVID benefits in there.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. In the midpoint of your EPS guidance of 755 that includes the 32 million of COVID claims. So it would be kind of almost at $0.25 higher if you did not project those COVID claims?
Frank Svoboda: That is correct. The midpoint includes the 32 million.
Ryan Krueger: Thanks. And then just one last one, I think you provided the yield assumption, but what are your expectations for excess investment income growth in dollars for 2021?
Gary Coleman: At the midpoint of our guidance for 21, we're expecting excess investment income to be flat. We will have improvement in investment income. That's going to be offset by the additional interest on the policy liabilities. So virtually, from a dollar standpoint, it'll be flat from a per share standpoint, it'll be up somewhere around 3% or 4%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Just a follow up on health persistency, the favorable persistency in the lower deck amortization this quarter, are you assuming that benefit will fully continue into 2021? Or should we assume some fade of that benefit?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think we assume it's going to be through 2021. But over time, we'll probably see revert back more to normal trend. And that's been taken into consideration in [indiscernible].
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And any particular views as to what's driving that improved persistency? Is it awareness over need for health insurance or any views as to what's been driving that improve consistency?
Gary Coleman: Yes. I think you hit on it, I think it's similar to what we're saying on the life insurance side as well as the need for the insurance.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then, just a question on the new FASB LDTI accounting changes, any sense for when you would expect to disclose expected impacts? And any if you're able to provide any kind of broader ranges on GAAP earnings or book value that you would expect to be impacted from it?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I would guess that, we've looked at either toward the end of 2021, or, as we get about this time next year that I would hope that we would start to be able to get some -- maybe some preliminary indications of it. Obviously, we're still working through putting the systems in place and getting our estimates and looking at the impacts of what the new accounting guidance would ultimately be. With COVID, some of the activities that we have been done in that area gets put to the side a little bit, so it's not progressing maybe as quickly as might have been otherwise but the FASB did extend that out a year. But I would say, again, whether it be towards the end of next year or at the beginning of 2022, we should be able to get some guidance on that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And it appears that we have no additional questions at this time.
Mike Majors: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Globe Life Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President of Administration and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to the second quarter earnings release we issued yesterday. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying that we are very pleased with the company's transition to primarily a remote workplace. While the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present challenges, our agents and employees have adapted very well to the current environment and operations are running smoothly.  In the second quarter, net income was $173 million or $1.62 per share compared to $187 million or $1.67 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $177 million or $1.65 per share, a per share decrease of 1% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 9.4% and book value per share was $73.26. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 13.6% and book value per share grew 10% to $51.21.  In life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 6% to $671 million and life underwriting margin was $162 million, down 8% from a year ago.  With respect to the premium revenue, we've been very pleased to see the persistency and premium collections improve since the onset of the crisis. However, the decline in margin is due primarily to approximately $22 million of incurred claims related to COVID-19.  For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow approximately 5% and life underwriting margin to decline 1% to 3%, primarily due to the impact of COVID-19. As a midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate approximately $45 million in COVID-19 claims for the full year.  Health insurance premium revenue grew 6% to $283 million and health underwriting margin was up 7% to $64 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow approximately 6% and health underwriting margin to grow 8% to 10%.  Administrative expenses were $62 million for the quarter, up 4% from a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5%.  I'll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations. 
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I agree with Gary's comments regarding the company's response to the pandemic. The agency has continued to adapt to virtual sales appointments and recruiting, and we see clearly the consumers in our market have a heightened awareness of the need for life insurance.  I will now discuss current trends in each distribution channel. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 7% to $309 million, but life underwriting margin was down 4% to $93 million. Net life sales were $51 million, down 16%.  While life sales were down for the quarter, we have seen an increase in agent activity. The rise in activity is not reflected in the second quarter sales due to increased time for policies to be issued, resulting from changes in our underwriting procedures.  These changes are designed to accommodate the virtual sales process, work around limitations in obtaining certain data and to protect the company from anti-selection. As we continue to work through this, our processing time will improve. This is incorporated in the full year's sales guidance I'll provide later in the call.  Average producing agent count for the second quarter was 8,393, up 14% from the year-ago quarter and up 10% from the first quarter. Producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 8,597. We continue to see a significant pool of high-quality candidates due to current unemployment levels. Overall, we're encouraged by our virtual sales and recruiting.  At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $73 million and underwriting margin was up 4% to $19 million. Net life sales declined 20% to $11 million and net health sales were $4 million, down 30% from the year-ago quarter.  The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 2,395, up 5% from the year-ago quarter and down 10% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,379.  While we have seen an increase in individual sales, the worksite business is more challenging. While the persistency of the worksite business is stronger than anticipated, it is more difficult to generate sales activity. That being said, we expect to see improved sales throughout the rest of the year as agent continue to adapt to the virtual environment. As we gain momentum, we will benefit from the abundant recruiting opportunities currently available.  At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $78 million and health underwriting margin increased 5% to $19 million. Net health sales were down 20% to $14 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,248, up 15% from the year-ago quarter and up 2% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,224.  As I indicated on our previous call, the agency owners have a very positive can-do attitude, and I'm confident they will continue to recruit and encourage agents to sell.  In our direct to consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 8% to $235 million, but life underwriting margin declined 28% to $28 million. Frank will further discuss the second quarter decline in underwriting margin in his comments.  Net life sales were $49 million, up 43% from the year-ago quarter. This is the largest sales quarter ever for direct to consumer. We've often said that times of crisis highlights the need for basic life insurance protection, and this has proven true with the pandemic.  Application activity and sales were up across all direct to consumer channels. The capabilities we have built over the last several years that allow us to engage with consumers online and on the phone have positioned us to capitalize on the opportunity and provide much needed protection for working families.  At United American general agency, health premiums increased 10% to $113 million, while margins increased 6% to $15 million. Net health sales were $12 million, down 28% compared to the year-ago quarter. While we have seen improving individual Medicare supplement results over the last several weeks, it is always difficult to predict sales in this competitive marketplace. Group Medicare sales are even more volatile and are generally heavily weighted towards the end of the year.  While it's still difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment, I will now provide full-year projections based on knowledge of our business and the current trends we are seeing.  We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2020 to be in the following ranges. American Income, 8,550 to 8,850; Liberty National, 2,400 to 3,100; Family Heritage, 1,200 to 1,400.  Net life sales for the full year 2020 are expected to be as follows. American Income Life, flat to an increase of 8%; Liberty National, a decrease of 8% to an increase of 4%; direct to consumer, an increase of 19% to an increase of 23%.  Net health sales for full year 2020 are expected to be as follows. Liberty National, a decrease of 14% to a decrease of 2%; Family Heritage, a decrease of 5% to an increase of 3%; United American individual Medicare supplement, a decrease of 30% to flat.  I will now turn the call back to Gary. 
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $61 million, a 5% decrease over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income declined 2%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income in dollars to be down about 4% and be flat on a per share basis.  Now, regarding investment yield, in the second quarter, we invested $351 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial, municipal and industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.37%, an average rating of A-minus and an average life of 23 years.  For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.38%, down 12 basis points from the yield in the second quarter of 2019. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.36%. Invested assets are $18.2 billion, including $16.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. For the fixed maturities, $15.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus and below investment grade bonds are $772 million compared to $740 million at March 31. And the percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.6% compared to 4.5% at March 31.  Overall, the total portfolio is right at BBB-plus, same as a year ago. And we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $3 billion. Bonds rated BBB are 56% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers.  However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted and capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets.  Because we invest long, a key criteria in utilizing our investment process is the ability of an issuer to survive multiple cycles. This is particularly true in the energy sector. Our energy portfolio is well diversified across subsectors and issuers. It is heavily weighted towards issuers that are less vulnerable to depressed commodity prices.  As we discussed on our last call, approximately 57% of our energy portfolio is in the midstream sector and 34% is in the exploration and production. Less than 10% of our energy holdings are in auto service, refiner and driller sectors.  The composition of our energy portfolio was essentially unchanged during the second quarter, and the fair value increased by approximately $320 million. While we have no intent to increase our holdings in this sector, we are comfortable with our current energy holdings.  Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're assuming an average new money rate of around 3.3% to 3.4% for the second half of the year. For the full year, that would translate to an average new money rate of 3.76% compared to 4.47% for 2019.  While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a lower prolonged interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rules since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio for the next five years.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity. 
Frank Svoboda : Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing the available liquidity and capital position at the parent company.  The parent ended the second quarter with liquid assets of approximately $635 million. This amount is higher than normal due to year-to-date share repurchases of $139 million being less than the $280 million of excess cash flows available to the parent through June, the $150 million increase in commercial paper borrowings taken to enhance our liquidity position, and the receipt of $300 million term loan issued by members of our bank line. The company did not repurchase any shares in the second quarter.  In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will still generate additional excess cash flow during the remainder of 2020. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life shareholders.  Keeping our common dividend rate at its current level for the remainder of this year, we anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the remainder of the year to be in the range of $95 million to $105 million. Thus, including the roughly $635 million of liquid assets available at the end of the second quarter, we expect the parent company to have around $730 million to $740 million available during the remainder of this year.  I'll discuss in a little more detail in just a few moments, but we believe this amount of available assets is more than necessary to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations.  Given that the parent still has ready access to the commercial paper market, the ability to issue if necessary commercial paper through the government's new commercial paper funding facility and the ability to issue long-term debt in the public debt markets, we have substantial flexibilities over the remainder of the year.  Now regarding liquidity and capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. In the current environment, we have been keenly focused on liquidity and capital within our insurance operations. With respect to liquidity, our insurance company operating cash flows continued to be very strong. In general, while we do expect higher COVID-related life claim payments over the course of the year, these higher claims are expected to be largely offset by higher premium collections and lower health claim payments.  We do not see any issues with their ability to fund all remaining dividends payable to the parent during the remainder of 2020 and we anticipate our insurance operations will generate enough excess cash flows to acquire over $650 million of invested assets to fund future policy obligations.  Now with respect to capital, as discussed on previous calls, Globe Life targets a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2019, our consolidated RBC ratio was 318%, near the high point of our range.  Taking into account the downgrades and credit losses that have occurred through the end of the second quarter, we estimate this ratio has declined slightly to approximately 312%. At an RBC ratio of 312%, our insurance subsidiaries have approximately $60 million of capital, over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%.  This excess capital, along with the $730 million to $740 million of liquid assets that we expect to be available at the parent, provide nearly $800 million of assets available to fund future capital needs.  As we discussed on the last call, the primary drivers of additional capital needs from the parent are lower statutory income to COVID-19 related factors, lower statutory income due to investment portfolio defaults or other credit losses, and investment downgrades that increase acquired capital.  At this time, we anticipate that our 2020 statutory income before any realized gains or losses will be approximately the same as 2019. Thus, we believe our capital needs will be largely dictated by the amount of downgrades and future credit losses on our investments.  To estimate the potential impact of these items, we have modeled several scenarios that take into account consensus views on the economic impact of the recession. The strength and timing of the eventual recovery and a bottoms-up application of such views on the particular holdings in our investment portfolio.  We have also analyzed transition and default rates as published by Moody's and evaluated the impact to our RBC ratios should we experience the same transition and default rates as were experienced in 2001 and 2002, as well as from 2008 to 2010.  Under these various scenarios, we estimate our RBC ratios would be reduced from year-end 2019 levels in the range of 35 to 60 points over one or two years, requiring an additional $100 million to $230 million of capital to maintain a 300% RBC ratio. Our base case assumes $60 million in total after-tax credit losses, plus over $2.3 billion of downgrades to our fixed maturity portfolio.  Through the second quarter, we have experienced $31 million in losses and $860 million of downgrades, mostly from category NAIC 1 to NAIC 2. The range of potential capital needs is consistent with the range indicated on our last call and is well below the amount of liquidity available at the parent company.  It is important to note that Globe Life's statutory reserves are not negatively impacted by the low interest rates or the equity markets, given our basic fixed protection products. Furthermore, the current interest rates do not have any impact on our statutory reserves, given the strong underwriting margin in our products. In the aggregate, our statutory reserves are more than adequate under all cash flow testing scenarios.  Given the level of liquidity available at our parent company versus the potential capital that may be needed with our insurance companies, we anticipate being in a position to restart our share repurchase program during the third quarter at levels consistent with those expected at the beginning of the year.  At this time, I'd like to provide a few comments relating to the impact of COVID-19 on our second quarter results.  As noted by Larry, life underwriting margins declined at both American Income and direct to consumer during the quarter. These declines were primarily due to higher COVID-19 policy obligations. During the quarter, we estimate that American Income incurred an additional $7 million relating to COVID claims and the direct to consumer incurred an additional $11 million.  Absent these additional losses, American Income's underwriting margin would have been 32.7% of premium for the quarter and would have grown by 4%. In the direct to consumer distribution, absent the estimated policy obligations due to COVID, their underwriting margin would have been 16.8% of premium for the quarter and would have grown by 3%.  In total, for our life operations, we estimate that our total incurred losses from COVID deaths in the second quarter were $22 million. Absent these additional losses, our total life underwriting margin would have been approximately 27.4% of premium, up 4.9% over the year-ago quarter.  Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2020, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.80 to $7.04 for the year ended December 31, $2020. The $6.92 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $.02 increase over the midpoint of our previous guidance of $6.90. The $0.02 increase at the midpoint is primarily attributable to lower borrowing costs associated with our short-term debt.  As Gary previously noted, at the midpoint of our guidance, we now expect our life premiums to grow in 2020 by around 5% and our total health premiums to grow by 6%, both higher than indicated in our previous guidance. Our total premium income is anticipated to be approximately 5% higher than 2019 levels.  On our last call, we indicated the midpoint of our guidance assumed approximately $25 million of additional claims related to COVID-19 on an assumption of around 80,000 deaths. That was based on some early assessments of infections, death rates, and the ages impacted.  Since the first quarter, more granular data regarding infection and projected deaths in various geographies has become available. In addition, better projection models are available that project deaths by states.  We have utilized these models, along with our experience to date, and applied them to our mix of business by state and the attained ages of our policyholders to refine our estimate.  We now estimate that, in 2020, we will incur COVID-related life claims of approximately $2 million for every 10,000 US deaths. At the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate approximately $45 million of COVID-related life claims for the full-year 2020. These additional life claims are expected to reduce our 2020 earnings per share by approximately $0.33 on an after-tax basis.  With respect to our health claims, due to lower-than-expected utilization rates, we now estimate that our supplemental health benefits will be approximately $8 million lower than what we expected at the beginning of the year.  Taking into account the higher COVID life obligations, we expect the life underwriting margin for 2020 as a percentage of premium to be approximately 26.1% at our midpoint, down from the 27.4% expected on our last call.  Absent the higher policy obligations, the life underwriting margin percentage would be similar to the percentage for the full-year 2019. The health underwriting margin as a percentage of premium for 2020 should increase to approximately 23.2%.  Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry. 
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. As those are our comments, we will now open the call up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I was hoping you could provide a bit more detail on the health results this quarter. I know you just gave some detail, but if you could give a little bit more on how much impact you did see from direct COVID related claims and how much benefit you saw from lower normal course activity. And am I correct from your comments that you're assuming kind of the lower levels of utilization continue through the second half of the year? 
Gary Coleman: Erik, we experienced about a $900,000 positive impact in the second quarter. Now that will grow as, toward the end of the year, we're expecting to be closer to $8 million positive in the remainder of the year. Excluding the $900,000 or so for the second quarter, our policy obligations would have still been up slightly, but that's offset a little bit by the fact that we had lower non-deferred commissions and amortization. So, again, it had pretty low impact in this quarter. We'll see more of the impact as we go through the remainder of the year. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And that's an $8 million net benefit. So, offsetting any higher claims with the better utilization. 
Gary Coleman: Right. 
Erik Bass: Okay, thank you. And then, on the buyback, just to make sure I'm thinking of it correctly, when you say resuming to the levels you would have expected at the beginning of the year, does that mean that for 2020 overall, you expect to get to the same level that you had anticipated coming into the year and realizing you did more in the first quarter of the year that it would be sort of a normal run rate in 3Q and 4Q. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Erik. We anticipate starting with repurchase levels probably in that $90 million to $100 million per quarter range. That's where, at the beginning of the year, we would have thought we'd be on kind of a per quarter basis. And then, following our historical practice, we would  our repurchases normally occur over time and somewhat ratable over the course of the quarter.  And then remember that we'd be under no mandate to spend any specified amount. So, that really gives us the flexibility to slow it down if economic conditions were to deteriorate over the course of the remainder of the year. Or if everything looks good, if you will, by the end of the year, and the economy is not  is performing basically as consensus would indicate it, we do think, ultimately, the total level of repurchases by the end of the year should be pretty close to what we had thought, somewhere in that$375 million to $385 million of excess cash flow that we would have for 2020. Given that we've already spent $140 million in the first quarter, we could see, if everything works out that we'd be at that  not to exceed that $240 million level. 
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Ryan Krueger of KBW. 
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. In terms of your short-term debt, I guess at what point would you  given how low rates are and spread is at this point, at what point would you consider issuing long-term debt and retain some of the short-term debt for a more permanent capital position? 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Hi, Ryan. That's a good question. And the debt capital markets really are very favorable right now. And obviously, rates have come down significantly over the last couple of months. We have been in quite a few conversations with several of our bankers. And assuming that the market conditions do continue to be favorable, we will be considering issuing some long-term senior debt here in the third quarter. Or at least relatively soon. And then, we would anticipate using the proceeds of that to refinance that $300 million term loan that we did take out earlier in the year. 
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then, I guess, on the direct to consumer business, given the level of growth you're experiencing at this point, would you expect any positive from a scale standpoint if that continues to grow at this level? 
Larry Hutchison: I think the question is  I'd answer it this way. For direct to consumer business, our marketing costs are mostly fixed. For sales that are greater than those planned generally provide additional margin, which could help offset the higher mortality costs. 
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from John Barnidge of Piper Sandler. 
John Barnidge: Yeah, hi. What percent of insureds went through a job loss during the quarter? 
Larry Hutchison: I don't think we have that information available to say what percentage of our insureds. What we know is that our persistency was actually better than expected during the quarter. 
Frank Svoboda: And the other thing I would add to that is that it was  as Larry said, we've actually seen fewer claims and greater persistency, which, in our minds, kind of reiterate kind of the view of the importance of life insurance to our policyholders. But we also saw the situation where our policyholders were accelerating their premiums. So, rather than seeing higher lapses, and we've actually seen acceleration of premiums, people paying a little bit of ahead of time on their policies. 
John Barnidge: Okay. And then my follow-up, given the challenges being seen in Texas with COVID. right now, can you remind me what percent of your in-force life business is in that state? 
Frank Svoboda: I don't think I have that in front of me. We have to get back with you on that one. 
John Barnidge: All right. Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Tom Gallagher of Evercore. 
Thomas Gallagher: Thanks. How are you protecting against potential adverse development on life sales in the direct to consumer business during the pandemic? I know a number of other companies admittedly, they're more selling to the affluent market, but they've pretty dramatically slowed sales deliberately. So, just curious how you're thinking about that. I know you mentioned there's been some changes to underwriting.  And then, I guess, just a related question to that. It looks like the majority of COVID-related impacts were felt in that segment. Have you looked at whether any of the recent sales have been the cause of the near-term mortality? Or is it more older policies?
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry. We monitor the incoming insurance applications for indications of change in the risk profile. This monitoring includes things like age, amount of insurance and geography. At this point, we've not seen a material change in the risk profile, and we're very comfortable with the sales to date. And we still have the ability to put other marketing or underwriting limitations in place should we observe changes in the incoming applications that could have a negative effect on our profitability. 
Gary Coleman: And, Tom, as far as the COVID claims, they're not policies that are issued in 2020 and there's very little issued in 2019. The clients have really been spread out through policies issued prior to 2019 fairly evenly throughout the years, but it hadn't come from either 2019 or 2020. 
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. And what are  you had mentioned you've implemented underwriting changes. Can you elaborate a bit as to what you've changed on the underwriting side? 
Larry Hutchison: On the direct to consumer, we've limited the amount of insurance and the upper ages. We've also discontinued some add-on insurance in those upper ages. And additionally, we've temporarily stopped issuing policies to applicants with certain underlying health conditions. So, that's three of the specific items we've taken steps in our underwriting process. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then, $20 million to $22 million of adverse COVID mortality in the quarter that you highlighted, can you quantify how much of that was claims received versus IBNR? 
Frank Svoboda: Out of the $22 million we've paid, roughly $10 million to $10.5 million of that has been paid in actual cash. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse. 
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. I wanted to ask first about the direct to consumer sales outlook. I think you're guiding to 19% to 23% for the year after a 43% quarter that you had year-over-year. So, why not go a little bit higher on that sales growth outlook? 
Larry Hutchison: If you remember, in the first quarter, we were basically flat and we're up 43% in the second quarter. If we look at our different channels, we think sales will be even across all channels in the third and fourth quarter. We just don't think the sales increases will be as robust in the third and fourth quarters as they were in the second quarter. 
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Got it, got it. Okay. And then, with the health utilization, and it looked like the margins were pretty stable year-over-year, but shouldn't  and your guidance seems to imply that the utilization even gets lower whereas, I guess, conceptually, I think that the utilization might pick up just given the second quarter, policyholders probably couldn't get to the doctor's office, they may have had issues filing claims. So, why might you think that the underwriting margin in health should improve as we go through the balance of the year?
Gary Coleman: Offsetting the benefit we'll get from the COVID clients is, in the Med sup business, we've seen increasing claims there. We noted that last year, 2019, and we have requested rate increases. Well, the higher claims continued at least through the first quarter of this year and we haven't yet gotten the full benefit of rate increases. So, the combination of those two things has caused us to see an increase in the policy obligations on the Med sup business. And that's offsetting a little bit of the payroll benefits that we're getting from the COVID. We'll still have a slight benefit, but it won't be the full COVID benefit. 
Andrew Kligerman: I see. I see. And then maybe just with regard to your guidance of $680 million to $704 million, you've really narrowed in the band. The midpoint is slightly higher. The quarter looked great. Just so much stability in so many different places. What's giving you that confidence to narrow the band so much on the guidance? 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, we really just do  we feel much better about where the impact of the COVID related claims might be. We're able to do just a better job of modeling to where we have a decent sense of where that will turn out for us. So, as we do think about the range, we kind of typically have a $0.10 or so range this time, on this particular call, kind of historically. We are expanding it greater than what we typically have just because of some of the uncertainty around the ultimate COVID life claims. But at this point in time of the year, new money rates on our investments don't have that much impact on the overall GAAP earnings, the amount of sales between now and then does not have as significant of an impact. So, our primary variable really is around what happened with our COVID claims at this point in time. 
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Maybe just throw in one last question. Recruiting going forward, you mentioned on the call that you're seeing a lot of high-quality recruits. What are you thinking as we kind of get into the back half of the year? Can we see the kind of recruitment increases that we saw in the first quarter? 
Larry Hutchison: Year-to-date, recruiting in American Income is up about 17%. And what's really driving that is the  not just the unemployed, but the underemployed. There are a number of people that are underemployed and looking for a better opportunity. It's really the second half of the year, I think, we'll have strong recruiting in all three agencies. The development of virtual recruiting is really another impetus. As we've developed virtual recruiting, it's strengthened the recruiting process in all three agencies because we can reach more people that are interested in their career and the virtual selling has been a positive because it appeals to more people because they have more flexibility on when they set appointments and make presentations. So, I think the second half of the year will have strong recruiting, just like the second quarter.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent, thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar of J.P. Morgan. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a question first on sales through the agency channels. Can you talk about how the quarter has sort of progressed at American Income, Liberty and Family Heritage as well? Like, did you see an improvement in your sales as you went through the second quarter or were they fairly stable throughout the quarter? 
Larry Hutchison: We saw a real improvement as we worked through the quarter. At the beginning of the quarter, for all agents, not just new agents, we were making transition from in-person sales to virtual sales. Of course, that was the easiest in American Income because they sell individual products in urban areas using union or non-union leads. The transition there to virtual sales and the necessary training happened fairly quickly.  At Liberty National, Family Heritage, they don't have the same lead sources. Their lead sources have usually been more and the presentations have been in person. So, it was a little slower process. But by the last two weeks of the second quarter, we saw submitted business roughly equal to what it was for the same period of time in 2019. 
Jimmy Bhullar: And then, on direct response, how much of a benefit do you think you're getting from people just being home and not being sort of comfortable meeting with an agent and seeing higher response rates versus maybe more of a sustainable change in response rates and sales trends in that business? 
Larry Hutchison: Well, the pandemic really increased the awareness of need for life insurance. And the increases across all four channels, really, we can immediately meet that new need because we weren't constrained by having to train agents or change to virtual. All the investment we've made over the last couple of years, particularly in the Internet, and our inbound phone call center, has really paid off because they immediately were able to meet the increased demand for life insurance. 
Jimmy Bhullar: And then, just lastly, doesn't seem like the AM Best impact or action last week on the downgrades are having an impact on how you're thinking about capital. But do you see that impacting either your business in any way or has that gone into your thinking in terms of capital deployment? 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Jimmy, it really hasn't too much. We really don't think it will have that much effect on our overall marketing efforts, just given the kind of the nature of our products. And then, as you kind of mentioned, it really won't have an impact on our cost of capital at all. So, we're not  while we'd rather have had it not happen, we really don't see it having a meaningful impact on our business. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you. 
Frank Svoboda: Larry, one thing I'd like to follow up on Tom's question regarding amount of exposure to the State of Texas, I did come across that. We have about 7.5% of our total face amount of our policies in force are within the State of Texas. 
Larry Hutchison: Does vary by company. In American Income, Texas is less important than some other states. You're talking overall, I agree with that. But Texas, I believe, is the largest state for direct to consumer. 
Frank Svoboda: Right. Don't have the breakdown by company. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, we have no persons in queue. 
Michael Majors : All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Globe Life Inc., First Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, Executive Vice President-Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to the first quarter earnings release we issued yesterday. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning everyone. The developments of the last several weeks have been difficult for everyone and our thoughts are with all those impacted by the current crisis. Today, most of our comments will address our thoughts on the potential impact of COVID-19 on our insurance operations and financial position. However, we do want to begin by giving a brief summary of the first quarter results. In the first quarter, net income was $166 million or $1.52 per share compared to $185 million or $1.65 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $189 million or $1.73 per share, per share increase of 5% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity for the year was 9.6% and book value per share was $60.98. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.1% and book value per share grew 9% to $49.66. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% to $650 million and life underwriting margin was $179 million up 5% from a year ago. Health Insurance premium revenue grew 5% to $280 million and health underwriting margin was up 3% to $63 million. Administrative expenses were $64 million for the quarter, up 7% a year ago and in line with our expectations. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up around 5%. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on first quarter marketing results.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We had strong sales and record recruiting growth in the first quarter. Total life sales were up 5%, while health sales were up 9%. The combined average agent count at the three exclusive agencies was up 15% over the year ago quarter and total agent count at the end of the quarter was just over 12,000. I'll discuss current trends at each of the distribution channels later in our comments. I'll now turn the call back to Gary for his comments in our investment operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $63 million, a 4% decrease over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income declined 2%. Excess investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $212 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.81% with an average rating of A plus and an average life of 27 years. In the current portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.39%, down 14 basis points from the yield in the first quarter of 2019. As of March 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.39%. We have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.5 billion. One last item for the first quarter results, we took an after tax impairment of approximately $25 million on an offshore drawer during the first quarter. Later, I will discuss our investment portfolio in more detail. Now let's move to the current crisis and its potential impact on our insurance operations investments and capital. I'd like to start by talking about our general approach. To effectively navigate our crisis, proper planning, communication and teamwork is critical. Back in January, we formed a group to monitor and evaluate coronavirus developments and discuss the possible impact it can have on in our business. Once COVID-19 was recognized as the merely disruptive issue, we activated the crisis management teams as contemplated in our formal business continuity plan. These teams monitor developments, identify issues, recommend solutions and develop communications for employees, agents and customers. The entire executive management team met on a daily basis as well. All of this activity was designed to incorporate both a top-down and bottom-up approach to ensure an effective comprehensive response to the crisis. In addition, the executive management team is having biweekly meetings with the board of directors to discuss our ongoing response to this crisis. Our main priority was to develop a plan that would maximize the safety and wellbeing of our employees, agents, and customers and ensure our ability to continue normal business operations. We were able to quickly shift most of our employees to working remotely, while maintaining compliance with our information and security protocols. For the employees, his duties required them to be in the office, we implemented processes and procedures consistent with CDC guidelines to help provide a safe environment. We are extremely pleased with the manner in which our employees have responded to this crisis. I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude for everything our employees have done. Thanks to their efforts. We are operating at a nearly full capacity with respect to all home office operations. In monitoring operations, one key area of focus is premium collections. While it is still early, we have not seen an unusual decline in daily premium collection. This is consistent with past experiments as the persistency of our in force block has historically been stable with difficult macro economic conditions exist. For the full year, we currently project life premiums to go around 3%, life underwriting margin to be up 1%, with a potential range of a decline of 3% to an increase of 4%. We expect health premiums to grow 5% to 6% and health underwriting margins to grow approximately 1%, with a potential range of a decline of 2% to an increase of 4%. Frank will provide more detail on the underlying assumptions related to premiums, underwriting margins and revised guidance later in his comments. I will now turn the call back over to Larry to discuss impact of COVID-19 on our marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thanks, Gary. Our agents have always done business face-to-face at customer homes and businesses. Obviously, COVID-19 presents a challenge to this way of doing business. As the crisis began, we quickly pivoted to a virtual sales and recruiting process to enable our agencies to continue their activities. While sales for the past several weeks have declined, I'm very pleased with the willingness and ability where agencies to quickly adapt to this difficult environment. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American Income, over the last four weeks, sales have been approximately 20% lower than they were in the weeks leading up to the crisis. However, sales for the last two weeks have only been around 10% lower and during the same time period last year, as agents have more fully adapted to the virtual sales process. This trend is very encouraging and demonstrates the resiliency of this agency. At Liberty National, initial impact of COVID-19 crisis has created a 30% reduction in sales. However, the agencies in the field are very quickly adapting to the virtual sales process. I'm also pleased with the immediate success seen with virtual recruiting. We continue to support ongoing virtual training and sales. We feel that in the next two or three weeks these systems and processes will be fully adopted as well. Because of this, we should see a continuation in sales and recruiting. At Family Heritage, Asia has just converted to a digital presentation last year. So the transition to a virtual sales process has been challenging. Over the last several weeks, the level of sales has declined approximately 30% compared to the same time period last year. However, I am encouraged with the positive attitude of the agency owners and I am optimistic that we work hard and make the best of the situation. For all the exclusive agencies, assuming shelter in place begins to ease in the near future. Mid third quarter and fourth quarter sales are expected to return to normal levels as we return to in-home selling in addition to virtual sales. New agent recruiting has been very strong since mid-March and we are seeing a concentration of high quality candidates. It is difficult to predict though when these new agents  when these new recruiters will become licensed agents with our companies just most of the license testing centers were initially closed. A growing number of states are now allowing new agents to work with the temporary license and testing centers are starting to reopen, which will allow licensing to resume in the remaining stage. Recruiting is expected to continue to increase given the large number of displaced workers in this environment. It is too early in the second quarter to have any data for terminations. However, given the limited number of other work opportunities, we do not anticipate a significant increase in agent termination rates. At direct-to-consumer, we have seen an increase in interest in our life insurance products over the past several weeks. Applications through our internet and inbound phone channels have increased significantly as we have noted in the past, difficult times tend to highlight the importance of basic protection life insurance. We believe our investments over the past few years in the digital self-serve and phone channels will generate continued success in the current environment. Although it's difficult to predict what will happen going forward, if we continue to see this level of activity throughout the second quarter and into the third quarter, there's likely we will be in the upper end of our sales guidance or even slightly above for the full year. At this point, our mailing facilities continue to operate normally. Post office service levels are in line with what we've experienced in the past. We have not seen any impact to our mailing processes. The U.S. postal offices continue to report only minor disruptions to some retail locations to certain hotspots, primarily in New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. There has been a significant discussion in the media about the postal service running out of money and shutting down in the next few months. We believe that it would be unrealistic from any perspective, political or otherwise, that the federal government would allow the postal service to seize operations. At general agency, through the early part of the second quarter, individual Medicare Supplement sales were down approximately 30% from a year ago. It is always difficult to predict sales in this competitive marketplace, but I am encouraged to see the current levels of activity. Group Medicare sales are even more volatile and are generally heavily weighted towards the end of the year, so trends over the past several weeks are not meaningful. Let's summarize the marketing discussion. I feel very good about the progress we're making, since the onset of the pandemic direct-to-consumer has seen an increase in demand. While there are sales challenges in this environment, we are seeing our agents continue to sell business. The virtual sales and recruiting process will continue to provide great value once the crisis is over. I believe the success we are currently seeing with Asian recruiting, will help provide a strong foundation for long-term growth. While it's difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment, we are providing our best estimates based on knowledge of our business and the current trends we are seeing. Net life sales for the full year 2020 are expected to be as follows, American Income Life, a decrease of 5% to 10%. Liberty National flat to a decrease of 15%, direct-to-consumer an increase of 5% to a decrease of 5%. Net health sales for the full year 2020 are expected to be as follows, Liberty National flat to a decrease of 15%, Family Heritage flat to a decrease of 10%, United American individual Medicare Supplement flat to a decrease of 30%. Now I will turn the call back to Gary to discuss the investment portfolio.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Invested assets are $17.6 billion, including $16.3 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $15.6 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus and below investment grade bonds are $740 million compared to $671 million a year ago. And the percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.5% compared to 4.2% a year ago. Overall, the total portfolio is rated to BBB plus same as a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 55% of the fixed maturities portfolio same as at the end of 2019, while this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, commercial and residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquired provide the best risk-adjusted and capital adjusted returns in large part to our unique ability to hold the securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. At this point, I'd like to provide some additional information on certain components of our fixed maturity portfolio. The potential impact of COVID-19 to certain sectors of the economy has recently been the subject of much discussion. Our investment in those sectors which we consider to be airline, pharma, store, leisure, restaurant, lodging, gaming, apparel, auto parts, toys, and trucking sectors is about $444 million or less than 3% of our fixed maturity holdings. We have no unsecured debts in the airline or restaurant sectors. Now while those exposures are relatively minimal, approximately 10% of our fixed maturity portfolio is comprised of energy sector holdings. I want to take a moment to discuss how we view our position. Approximately 57% or $922 million of the energy portfolio is in the midstream sectors. The sector involves transportation, storage and wholesaling of oil and gas and is generally well-positioned to manage oil and gas price volatility. Our exposures this year are focused on large cap, higher quality issuers that own critical infrastructure assets backed by long-term contracts with minimal direct exposure to commodity prices and volumes. We expect these issuers to adjust capital allocation policies to defend their credit quality. We anticipate limited downgrades and view default risk is limited. Approximately 34% or $556 million of the energy portfolio consists of exploration and production. Our investments here are weighted towards U.S. independent issuers with significant scale and adequate liquidity to manage cash flow issues in this environment. Generally, our issuers in this sector are reducing capital investments, dividends, buybacks and head count to mitigate the impact of lower oil prices. Many have heads positions that provide additional protection. We view default risks with our E&P issuers to be limited with the primary risk being potential downgrades from NAC-2 to NAC-3. Approximately 6% or $90 million of our energy portfolio is in the refinery segment. Our issues here are the two largest U.S. refineries, Valero and Marathon Petroleum, and both are expected to maintain investment-grade ratings during this cycle. The sector is most vulnerable to low oil prices are our oilfield service and offshore drillers. Less than 4% or $63 million of our energy portfolio is in the oilfield service and offshore driller sectors. Our oilfield service exposure is in two of the largest service companies in the world, Halliburton and Baker Hughes, both with strong balance sheets and investment grade ratings, we see limited downgrade risks. Finally, we have only $13 million invested in offshore drillers. Because we invest all along, a key criteria utilizing our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. This is particularly true in the energy sector. Our energy portfolio is well diversified across subsectors and issuers and is heavily weighted toward issuers that are less vulnerable to depress commodity prices. Well, we have no intent to increase our holdings in this sector, we are comfortable with our current energy holdings. Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. For 2020, the average new money yield assume that the midpoint of our guidance is 3.40% for the full year compared to 4.47% in 2019. While we like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a lower-for-longer interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rules since we sell noninterest-sensitive protection products. While our net investment income and to a lesser extent, our pension expense will be impacted in a continuing low interest rate environment. Our excess investment income will still grow; it just won't grow at the same rate as the invested assets. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next five years. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases, available liquidity and capital position at the parent company, plus some actions we've taken recently in response to the current situation. In the first quarter, we spent $139 million to buy 1.6 million Globe Life's Inc.s shares at an average price of $85.47. This amount was higher than normal due to higher excess cash flows available to the parent in the quarter plus a favorable share price in March, when we repurchased slightly over 1 million shares at an average price of $75.31. The company has temporarily postponed future repurchases, while we evaluate the impact, the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our operations. The parent ended of the first quarter with liquid assets of $247 million, this amount is higher than normal due to the first quarter repurchases being less than the excess cash flows available to the parent, plus we increased our commercial paper borrowings by approximately $160 million late in the month to enhance our liquidity position. On October 9th, Globe Life entered into a new $300 million, 364-day term-loan facility for members of its bank line and borrowed all $300 million on April 15th. We utilize a term-loan structure as it was easier and less costly to obtain than a public debt offering, plus the fact that the term-loan can be repaid at any time before its maturity giving us added flexibility since we don't think we will need the full amount. With the receipt of this $300 million term-loan, plus the $247 million of liquid assets that were available at the end of March, the company now has approximately $550 million of liquid assets at its disposal. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent company will still generate additional excess cash flow during the remainder of 2020. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life shareholders. We intent on keeping our common dividend rate at its current level for the remainder of this year. We anticipate the parent company's excess cash flow for the remainder of the year to be in the range of $180 million to $200 million, thus including the roughly $550 million of liquid assets available  currently available we expect that parent company to have around $730 million to $750 million available during the remainder of this year. As Ill discussed in more detail in just a few moments, we believe this amount of available assets is more than necessary to support the targeted capital levels within our insurance operations. Given that the parents still has access to its credit facility and to public debt markets. We had substantial flexibility over the remainder of the year, assuming current debt levels including the new $300 million term loan our debt-to-capital ratio at the end of the year should be approximately 27%, less than the 30% maximum ratio our rate rating agencies use to support our current ratings. As such, we would still have approximately $300 million of additional borrowing if needed. Now regarding liquidity and capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. In the current environment, we have been keenly focused on liquidity and capital within our insurance operations. With respect to liquidity, our insurance operations had over $100 million of cash and short-term investments on hand at the end of the first quarter. Over the remainder of 2020, they expect to generate around $500 million of excess operating cash. This amount is net of anticipated higher claims and other impacts on cash flow from COVID-19 and after payment of all remaining dividends to the parent. While we anticipate investing this cash long-term to fund future policy obligations, this liquidity is available in the near-term should cash needs within insurance companies be greater than anticipated. Given this level of operating cash flows, the insurance companies will be able to fund all remaining dividends payable to the parent and we don't see  and we don't foresee any situation where any bonds would have to be sold to provide liquidity. Now with respect to capital, our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. As discussed on previous calls, Globe Life intends to target a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2019 our consolidated RBC ratio was 318% near the high-end of our range. Taking into account the downgrades and the impairment that incurred in the first quarter, this ratio would have been approximately 316%. At an RBC ratio of 316%, we have approximately $80 million of capital at the insurance subsidiaries over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. This excess capital along with the over $700 million of liquid assets that we expect to be available at the parent provide over $800 million of assets available to fund possible capital needs. As we consider the potential need for additional capital, the primary catalyst are lower statutory income due to COVID-19 related factors, lower statutory income due to investment portfolio defaults or impairments and investment downgrades that increase required capital. In 2020, we anticipate that the higher claims from COVID-19 will be substantially offset by reduced commissions and other expenses associated with our lower sales. Thus we believe our capital needs will be largely dictated by the amount of downgrades and future impairments on our investments. To estimate the potential impact of these items, we have modeled several scenarios that take into account consensus views on the economic impact of the recession, the strength and timing of the eventual recovery, and bottoms up application of such views on the particular holdings in our investment portfolio. We have also analyzed transition and default rates as published by Moody's and evaluated the potential impact to our RBC ratios, should we experience the same transition and default rates as were experienced in 2001 and 2002 as well as from 2008 to 2010. Considering these various scenarios, we estimate our RBC ratios could be reduced over one or two years by approximately 35 points to 60 points, requiring an additional $100 million to $235 million of capital to maintain a 300% RBC ratio. This is well below the amount of liquidity available to the parent company. It is important to note that Globe Lifes statutory reserves are not negatively impacted by the low interest rates or the lower equity market given our basic fixed protection products. Furthermore, the current interest rates do not have an impact on our statutory reserves given the strong underwriting margin in our products. In the aggregate, our statutory reserves are more than adequate under all cash flow testing scenarios. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2020 we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.65 to $7.15 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The $6.90 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.23 decrease over the midpoint of our previous guidance of $7.13 per share. This decrease is entirely attributable to several factors associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The first factor is lower sales, and thus lower premium. As Larry indicated earlier, we now expect a decline in both life and health sales in 2020 rather than the increase we anticipated on our last call. These lower sales will lead to lower premium growth in 2020. Our premiums could also be negatively affected to a lesser extent by an increase in lapses due to the economic severity of this pandemic. Overall, at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect our total life premiums to grow in 2020 by around 3%, down from the 4% growth we expected at the beginning of this. In addition, we expect our total health premiums to grow by approximately 5% to 6%, down from the 7% to 8% growth indicated in our previous guidance. Despite this reduction in expected premiums, our total premium income is still anticipated to be approximately 3.5 to 3.6 higher than 2019 levels. The next factor causing a reduction in guidance is the higher anticipated claims from the pandemic. At the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate additional life policy obligations of around $25 million, based on a review of various models that estimate total COVID-19 related deaths in the United States and applying favorable  available fatality rates statistics to Globe Lifes distribution of attained ages and face amounts across its policies in force. This takes into account that less than 5% of Globe Lifes in force relates to individuals over age 70. We also anticipate higher supplemental health benefits of approximately $7 million. Taking into account these higher claims as well as the impact of the lower premiums and lower acquisition costs we now expect the life underwriting margin as a percentage of premium to be approximately 27.4% at our midpoint, down slightly from the 28% previously expected. The health underwriting margin, percentage of premium should decrease from around 22.2% as previously anticipated to approximately 21.7%. Overall, the impact of the reduced premium and higher expected claims offset by lower cost is expected to reduce our net underwriting income by approximately $30 million to $35 million or about $0.24 per share on an after tax basis. In addition to the adverse effects of COVID on our underwriting income, we expect lower excess investment income of $6 million to $10 million primarily due to the additional interest expense on the new $300 million term-loan. The impact of the lower excess investment income on our earnings per share is offset by the impact of lower average diluted shares than previously expected due to the lower share price. With respect to our share repurchases, our first priority is to ensure we have enough liquidity at the holding company to provide any additional capital that might be required as we recover from this pandemic. Well, we will not resume share repurchases until prudent to do so. The midpoint of our guidance does assume that we will be able to continue repurchasing shares in the third quarter of this year and we'll be able to do so at a lower average share price than previously anticipated. While we can't say exactly when that will be, we will be in a better position as time goes on to estimate the additional capital needs for our insurance operations and whether the parents excess cash flows will be needed to finance such capital. If the parent's excess cash flows are not needed to finance insurance company capital as we currently expect, we anticipate returning any available excess cash flows back to our shareholders. The effect on our earnings per share of not repurchasing any additional shares in 2020 is included in the range of our guidance. We have provided a wider range than normal due to the added uncertainty associated with the mortality and morbidity rates of this particular pandemic and the potential that attempts to reduce shelter and place restrictions could result in higher claims than expected or that sales could be lower than we estimate. The low end of our range takes into account higher mortality claims should U.S. deaths from the pandemic during 2020 be more than double our base estimate. The high end of the range contemplates that mortality claims are much lower than we anticipate and that sales are able to return to normal levels more quickly. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. I would like to discuss one more item before we open the call up for questions. Several investors have asked us recently how Globe Life was impacted during the global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009. While every crisis is different, I think it's relevant to briefly revisit our experience during that period. That crisis did not really impact our insurance operations. During 2009, we grew life sales and premiums as its been the case in all difficult macroeconomic environments. We did not see any significant impact to the persistency of our in force block. We did have declines in health insurance, but that was due to market conditions and the health insurance landscape at that time, not related to general economic issues. Well, we did see an impact to our investment portfolio and capital position, the impact was relatively minimal. Over a two-year period, we had approximately $134 million in after tax impairments, which were primarily related to bonds issued by highly rated financial institutions. We still had significant excess free cash flow in 2009 and 2010. We were one of the last companies to stop repurchasing stock in 2009 and one of the first to resume repurchasing stock early in 2010. We did not issue equity. We did issue debt, but that was done to refinance expiring debt. Although every crisis is different, the global financial crisis helped demonstrate the strength of our business. Our business model is uniquely designed to provide stability throughout economic cycles. We firmly believe that Globe Life is well positioned, can navigate the current crisis and come out stronger on the other side. Finally, in closing, I also want to thank all of our employees and agents for their efforts during these challenging times. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman with Crdit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: I guess first, thank you for your time. Very thoughtful and detailed discussion points, very, very helpful.
Larry Hutchison: Sure.
Andrew Kligerman: So just a few points to the clarification. The first one being, you were talking about the improving with share repurchases and it built up a bit on my line. Did you say that it's possible you could use new share repurchases starting in the third quarter?
Gary Coleman: Andrew, that is correct. Our base case for that serves at the midpoint of our guidance. We do assume that we will start repurchasing again in the third quarter.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. And then with respect to the RBC comment about 35 basis point to 60 basis point decline over one to two-year period, and then being about $160 million to $235 million short of where you would want to be at 300%. Does that not take into account the cash flow generation from operations? Or does that include rating downgrades to fall, offset partially by the earnings cash flows that you generate?
Gary Coleman: That is taking into account just the impact of the downgrades and any potential defaults during that period.
Andrew Kligerman: Great. So you could probably generate the cash flows to offset it over that one to two-year time period pretty comfortably. Is that right?
Gary Coleman: Yes, that would be right.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent. And just in terms of the agent count and the ability to recruit, I mean, do you see that ramping up pretty sharply in the second half of the year? I mean, these are not bad numbers and I'm just wondering, maybe a little more color on how you might see that ramping up in the second half?
Larry Hutchison: I don't think is a matter of ramping up, I think it's already ramped up. We've had so much interest in the agency position since the beginning  since the offset of the COVID crisis. What the difficulty has been is licensing agents initially, the testing centers were shut down, only a handful of states  only four states had temporary licenses. Now over 20 states have temporary licenses, and the testing centers are starting to reopen. So we're going to see an increase in Asia. But the unknown is the termination rate. But because of the absence of work opportunities through the end of the year, I think we will see  our termination we'll still see an increase. So I think we'll see an increase in recruiting through the balance of the year like we've gone in the last two years.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then just lastly, the mortality seems very manageable. Could you give us a little color on what your kind of base case assumptions are on U.S. incident, the overall mortalities in the United States and what that mortality rate would be on those numbers?
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Yes, as you know, Andrew, that as we think about how we come about up with our estimate, we have to take a look at the total U.S. deaths and trying to kind of really see what the data has out there for where those might occur and the level of coverage and how our policies kind of fit over top of all that. As a base case, we are estimating total U.S. deaths of around 80,000 at this point in time. And there's a  and that's probably about 120% of the current model that's been out there for the institute of health metrics and evaluation. And then that translates what we're estimating is probably about 2,500 to 3,000 deaths with respect to the Globe Life companies themselves. And that cash flow would be about $30 million and then there is some reserves of course on that and that gets it around the $25 million that we've got at the midpoint of our estimates. Statutory, in this particular case, really is, we do not expect to be significantly different than GAAP. It's probably  we have a little bit higher reserves. It's a little bit less but not materially so.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. First, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the reasons you elected to take the one-year term loan as opposed to issuing longer term debt. And then just thinking about your liquidity, I think you've drawn down the term loan and you've issued some additional commercial paper. And thinking about it, I mean, would your plan be that kind of, once you have a better sense of claims and potential capital needs in the insurance subsidiaries, you would kind of first pay down the excess liquidity and then use remaining past flows would be the source for buybacks?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think that's exactly right. As we talked about that we did take out the short-term because, one, it was something that was readily accessible and as we were looking at the beginning of April, just wanting to make sure that we had as much flexibility as we could as we navigated through the next several months. As time goes on and as we get more comfortable with where we think the mortality experience will be as well as what the potential impact from the economic situation and potential downgrades. Then we do have that ability to reduce overall, use some of that excess cash to reduce the amount of the term-loan over the period of time and get that paid back. And then as well, we'd have the capacity, to still be able to make some additional  any additional capital contributions that we would be required to make. Clearly as time goes on and we would also be looking to see, would we  if in fact there are needs for additional capital in the insurance companies, whether or not we would want to finance that with any type of long-term debt. We would just have to see what the extent of that is and where that ultimately takes us.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thanks. And as we look towards kind of the capital generation from the business, did I hear you, right? Kind of as we're thinking about cash flows, I guess, into next year that you would expect relatively little impact on kind of ordinary dividend capacity because the higher claims would be offset by lower capital strain on the sales side?
Frank Svoboda: That's exactly right. And so just keep in your mind that we do generate on an annual basis north of $400 million of new capital each and every year within the insurance operations. And as you said right now, it would appear that the mortality that we're expecting  mortality and morbidity that we're expecting from this would be largely offset by the lower capital strain from the lower sale. Therefore, our real exposure to our future statutory earnings is really whatever types of defaults or impairments that we need to take from a statutory basis.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And on that note, if I could just sneak in one more, could you just comment a little bit more on the assumptions underlying the stress test that you gave for credit impairments and ratings downgrades? I think you said it's kind of framed-off of 2001 and the financial crisis, but maybe any specifics on what that means in terms of kind of total impairments or the amount of BBB's downgraded to high yield?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. No, we took a look at kind of our internal fundamental process was to look at a lot of different factors and different default rates for different segments and trying to, and applying that to our particular holdings. And in that particular situation, we're looking at overall about 14% of our total portfolio being downgraded. And we would end-up with below investment grades at that point in time of around 12% to 12.5%. With respect to defaults, really at this point in time, we don't see particular names that we're seeing that we're thinking have a high degree of risk of going into default this point in time. But looking at just average, if we took a look at where the kind of an average Moody's default rates and applying that, then there's potential for having maybe $50 million of defaults in the time of any of the particular year. So taking those into account is what really frames having a 35-point reduction in the RBC, and get the  getting the $100 million of additional capital needed to get back up to 300%. If you look at the 01 stress test to kind of in our internal worst case, it gets pretty close to where really taking a look at 01 and 02 where we probably see more downgrades than we really have default risk. And in those particular case you're probably running somewhere in that 16% to 20% range on defaults  excuse me, on downgrades and a little bit higher  below investment grade, but not significantly different on the default side.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Ryave with the Bank of America.
Ian Ryave: Thank you for taking my questions. I also appreciate the additional information on the impact from distribution and the financials related to this pandemic, its very helpful. Wanted to ask few questions on the energy holdings and the investment portfolio. So going back to 2015 and 2016 and thinking about what has happened then  what has happened since then, have you, this from a high level, changed your philosophy on investing in energy since then?
Gary Coleman: We haven't invested that much in energy since that point in time. But what I would like to point out is the holdings that we have today are generally the same holdings we had back in 2015 and 2016. And as you'll remember in early 2016, there was great concern over these energy holdings. And then one-year later as oil prices went back up, we went from an unrealized loss on those investments to gain. So...
Ian Ryave: Right. And then I asked all this because  pardon. Yes, I was going to say that I was asking all of this because you are investing for 25-plus years, so it is a lot longer and as you're looking to try to navigate this, you have to take obviously a longer term approach. That's kind of what the angle I'm going for?
Gary Coleman: Yes. What I was going to say is that I think that the fact in that period of time that these particular bonds, it shows that these companies can navigate through different cycles and that's what we're looking for. As you said, we're holding long term and so they came through that period. Well, we think they'll come through this period well as well.
Ian Ryave: Great. And then do you give your breakout a BBB minus holdings for the energy?
Gary Coleman: I don't have that here in front of me. Frank, do you that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Our total BBB minus holdings in the energy is at amortized cost about $560 million and $300 million of that is in the midstream and the remainder is in E&P.
Ian Ryave: Great. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Hi. Just a follow-up on Eric's question. On the decision to use more short-term debt, I guess if I kind of add everything up, that would be one-year or less maturity, I think you would now have around $760 million. And, I guess youre thinking about what most other companies have been doing recently, they've been terming out debt making sure they don't potentially have to roll any debt in case the market becomes a lot more dislocated. Recognizing, I realized the funding markets are open today, but if this is being done for contingency planning, when you have been better-off doing something longer further out, so you weren't vulnerable to near-term debt maturities. Just want to know sort of strategically, how you're thinking about that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Again, we really wanted to look at the added flexibility that would  that provides us. We really weren't interested in trying to access the long-term  to get a long-term financing in the, what they call it, the in-stable environment that the public debt markets were in, in the early part of February, or excuse me, the early part of April. So as we do look at it and we say, if we have around $740 million of total cash available at this point in time, and at the high end of what we think could be needed out of that to contribute into our insurance coming capital, that was about $235 million. So that would still leave us with just a little over $500 million of cash available and that we would have  that would provide the $300 million to be able to repay that short-term loan or the term loan, leave us with around $200 million to use for buybacks or whatever purposes. Now we do anticipate that the CP market will continue to be available to us throughout the year. They have been available to us here this month and we've been able to especially here in the more recent weeks issue CP at  with tenors and at rates that are reasonable and acceptable to us. And so we do anticipate that, that will continue especially with the different programs that the government has put in place. But we do kind of look at, and as a backstop, and this is another reason that we kind of did it this way is that we do have our bank line that our regular credit facility of $750 million serves as a backstop for that CP program, so in the worst case, if should the CP market go away we have that ability to pull on that bank line to pay down that CP.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. Are you either directly or indirectly participating in the government seat for the fed CP program?
Frank Svoboda: We are not at this time.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. But you are eligible based on your rating?
Frank Svoboda: We are not currently eligible. There's been some discussions on  we have a split rating and to be qualified under its existing terms you have to not have a split rating. And but there has been some efforts on the part of us as well as other various entities in different industries to have the government expand that. And it's my understanding that the fed is considering that, but has not done that at this point in time.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then just a few other quick ones for me. Direct response, just given that you've had pretty strong sales momentum there, is there any concern or have you done any screens for the virus in terms of the sales?
Gary Coleman: Yes. We in the sense that we check the applications that come in, we haven't seen a change in the mix of business by state, by age group, by type of product. So I'd say that we have a normal distribution. So we're not expecting any disparate impact from COVID on our new business that we're selling.
Larry Hutchison: We have made some minor modifications in the underwriting also.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. But nothing, you havent seen any there's no real change that you've seen that would be indicative of selection or anything like that?
Gary Coleman: No, neither the direct-to-consumer or in the agency. We've done the same studies in the agency business. We're seeing the same mix of business in same products. Again, we've made some minor underwriting changes in the agency business as well, but they're minor.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then final question, did you say you expect sales to normalize by 3Q or 4Q of this year?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Well, we're talking about mid third quarter of this year, fourth quarter. That's assuming that the shelter in place restrictions are ended in the near term, which is sometime in the summer.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. I guess my question related to that, even if the shelter in place orders are eliminated, don't you think there's going to be a very slow, or reduced ability for face-to-face meetings and going forward that it's probably going to take longer than that for the normal activity from a sales standpoint to improve it?
Gary Coleman: Yes, it may take longer, but at the same time, virtual sales, our training and our success, our closing rates of virtual sales are going up. So as virtual sales become the norm, I think it will help our sales process. But again, it's impossible to predict at this point. One is that they're going to lose shelter in place. I think people's behaviors are going to change, but I don't think it eliminate face-to-face. It really depends a little bit on what state or what part of the country or Canada that you're talking about.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, good morning. Can you just provide some additional detail on the extra health claims that you expected, that's primarily hospital indemnity and Medicare Supplement, just additional assumption for hospitalizations.
Larry Hutchison: At the midpoint of our guidance, really most of the impact on the  what we see is on our GAAP financial is really going to be from the ICU claims and maybe a little bit from hospital indemnity, but in large part while we see probably some higher MedSup claims relating to COVID. We're also seeing an actual  a little bit of some lower claims countering that from some of the nonessential cases not going through. So we're actually starting to  we kind of expect that on the MedSup that'll, for the large part will be offset and that will end up kind of on a net-net basis having it with additional beam[ph] from the ICU claims.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And then am I correct that, Family Heritage does not offer short-term disability policies?
Larry Hutchison: That is correct.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So first question just on the fixed income portfolio, can you comment on what's happened to your mark in recent weeks since the end of the quarter? I'm assuming they might've improved given the fed announcement and if that is the case, are you considering it all sort of de-risking the portfolio to try to take advantage of the improvements in valuations and especially as it relates to either energy or BBBs? Is that something that you're contemplating?
Gary Coleman: First of all, Jimmy I don't have how the market value has improved since the quarter end. But I agree with it, it might be better, but we don't have any plans at this point to de-risk the portfolio. Again, as Frank mentioned our concern is more really from possible downgrades versus defaults and based on our experience in 2008, 2009, we actually submitted downgrades as a lighter. We held on those bonds, because we do hold the maturity and later those bonds were upgraded. So we don't contemplate doing any de-risking at this point in time.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, have you noticed any impact on your persistency in the life business because of COVID over the last month and a half or so?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. No, we really haven't seen  we really haven't at this point in time, any real change in our  we've been monitoring change in our overall persistency or really any impact on claims either. We do track on a daily basis and been looking to see more indication of any adverse claims as well as other metrics that we have available to us. And at this point in time have not seen anything unusual.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just clarity on
Gary Coleman: We've seen  Jimmy, we've actually seen a little bit of an increase in premium over prior year, but it's early, it's only about a month's worth of data. But the good news is we haven't seen any decline at all.
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. I think the concern that a lot of investors have had is generally your consumer base is middle income, lower income and they might be suffering to begin with, but I guess the premium levels are fairly low. So people, if there's one of the last things people actually canceled.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I agree with that.
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. The other  the last thing I had a question on, just was on share buybacks, what is it that you're going to be watching to determine whether and when to resume share buybacks, because you were obviously a lot more at, you bought back a lot more than assumed in 1Q, but then ended up canceling or suspending the program. But what are you going to be watching to see when to resume?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think, Jimmy, we will really be taken a look to see, during here in the second quarter, as we get more information on the bond holdings, we can see what their reports are, take that information into account, take a look at what happens with as we come out of shelter in place as a country. And really from the world's perspective and how that impacts on large part on the holdings that we have, so that we can get a better sense of what downgrade exposure that we might have in our portfolio since we think that's probably the greatest exposure that we have quite honestly to our capital. And that will be seen whether as we  are the current trends that we're seeing from a mortality perspective within the U.S. and some of that we're not maybe getting back into a second wave or something to that effect. But if the actions that have been taken by the country and as it kind of turn out as I think the consensus if you will has estimated then, I think that's what gives us more comfort that we'll be able to then start up the buybacks in the third quarter. We'll have a little bit more clarity as to where all that really has to go.
Gary Coleman: Yes. Jimmy, we feel good about the estimates that we've given based on what we know today, but I think that we want to be cautious and in the next two or three months we'll learn a lot more sure of what the impact is going to be. And I think that's when we can make a better decision regarding share repurchases.
Jimmy Bhullar: Yes. Okay. Thank you. Good luck with everything.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. Apologies if this is a little repetitive, I figured I'd ask about just the 750 million liquidity, which I think included the 180 million to 200 million and make sure I understand, what's sort of embedded in that and what would be potentially paid back in terms of debt. So I mean in terms of the 750 million, the 180 million to 200 million does that includes your downgrades and your credit losses in sort of your base case. And how did that compare to, I think you gave details on the stress case, but like what are you assuming in terms of the base case and then maybe start there and then I've got a follow-up.
Frank Svoboda: So as you think about just kind of how we get to the 740 million again, was that we had around $247 million on their stage for round numbers, say $250 million as of the end of the first quarter. And again, that was a little higher than normal, because we did have, while we would have our normal cash on hand, we had some excess cash flows in the first quarter over what we use for buybacks. And we used  we increased that CP borrowings by about $160 million. All of those together get shift around the 250 million. And then you're looking at the term loan of another $300 million and then about another $180 million of additional  excess at the midpoint of excess cash flows at the holding company in the second half of the year. So that's what really gets you ultimately to your $740 million. And then the 80 million is the excess capital at the holding within the insurance companies that obviously can be used for any capital needs that they might have without having to look to the holding company themselves, without having to look to that $740 million, so as we look at the $740 million, we're thinking, based on our estimates at this point in time, the range of those capital contributions could be $100 million to $235 million. So that's going to leave us somewhere, we would think $500 million to $650 million of excess cash at the holding company, when this would be all said and done, that ability to pay back the $300 million, it's still having cash available for buybacks.
Alex Scott: And should we consider a reduction in commercial paper as well, which I think, it's increased by a decent amount. Would that be paid down as well or should we just think about the term loan?
Frank Svoboda: Okay. Well, I think, clearly we would take a look at that and I think with respect to the CP, if we were able to go out and replace, I think our preference would be for long-term capital needs that we would not be using the CP markets for that, that we would be wanting to access long-term capital markets, the public debt markets for that for the long-term capital needs. So depending upon how much additional capital we in fact might need, if it's a very small number, we probably would not go out and access public debt markets for a very small amount and  but if it was a larger amount than we would do that and then be able to pay back some of that CP if necessary.
Alex Scott: And then maybe a follow up with one of Jimmy's questions, on the ability to hold bonds, I heard the comments loud and clear that I think you guys have the ability to hold them, but I guess in terms of willingness and thinking through high yield allocations, whether it's relative to equity or relative to the portfolio, I mean, how high would you be willing to let that go before you would consider de-risking? And if you did decide to just let it go higher and not sell, would it change your  do you want where you should be running RBC ratio in terms of what you're targeting?
Larry Hutchison: Well, Alex, excuse me. Keep going back to the 2008, 2009, we got up to 13% in low investment grade bonds in that time. And then, just a year or two later, there was half of that. We're going to hold them unless we think there is a credit issue. They're going to default or whatever, we'll try to get out as soon as we can. But just the fact that they get downgraded into the high yield that doesn't mean we're going to make the decision to go ahead and sell, just to reduce this or reduce that level. So now in terms of, how that affects RBC, if we do have that high amount or the high yield increases a great deal that will cause us to have to hold more capital and we'll do that, but I don't see that changing our overall risk tolerance level.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again in next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us today.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Globe Life Inc. Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2018 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $187 million or $1.69 per share compared to $165 million or $1.45 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $188 million or $1.70 per share, and per share increase of 9% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis return on equity for the year was 11.6% and book value per share was $66.02. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities return on equity was 14.5% and book value per share grew 9% to $48.26. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $631 million, and life underwriting margin was $177 million, up 6% from a year ago. In 2020, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 4% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 7% to $275 million and health underwriting margin was up 5% to $61 million. Growth in premium exceeded underwriting margin growth, primarily due to lower margins at Liberty National. In 2020, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 4% to 6%. Administrative expenses were $61 million for the quarter, up 7% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7%, the same as a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $240 million or 6.7% of premium compared to 6.5% in 2018. In 2020, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 6% and to be around 6.7% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'm going to go through the fourth quarter results at each of our distribution channels. I'll start out by saying that I'm pleased with the sales growth in our agencies in 2019. I'm particularly pleased with the agent count growth and middle management increase we've seen across all of our exclusive agencies in 2019. At American Income life premiums were up 8% to $297 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $98 million. Net life sales were $59 million, up 9%. The average producing count for the fourth quarter was 7,631, up 10% from the year ago quarter and up 1% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 7,551. Net life sales for the full year 2019 grew 6%. The sales increase was driven by increases in agent count. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $72 million and underwriting margin was up 4% to $18 million. Net life sales increased 13% to $15 million and net health sales were $7 million, up 12% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,534, up 17% from the year ago quarter and up 6% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,660. Net life sales for the full year 2019 grew 9%. Net health sales for the full year 2019 grew 11%. The sales increase was driven by increases in agent count. To better describe our non-agency business at Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company, we have begun replacing the term direct response with direct-to-consumer. At our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $209 million and life underwriting margin was flat at $39 million. Net life sales were $30 million, up 2% from the year ago quarter. For the full year 2019, net life sales were flat due primarily to a decrease at juvenile mailing volume, resulting from a decline in response rates from our juvenile mailing offers. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $76 million, and health underwriting margin increased 7% to $19 million. Net health sales were up 19% to $18 million due to an increase in both agent productivity and agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,228, up 9% from the year ago quarter, and up 8% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,286. Net health sales for the full year 2019 grew 9%. The sales increase was primarily driven by an increase in agent count. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 11% to $108 million. Our margins increased 12% to $15 million. Net health sales were $32 million, up 7% compared to the year ago quarter. To complete my discussion on marketing operations, I will now provide some projections. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2020 to be in the following ranges. American Income 5% to 7% growth; Liberty National, 5% to 13% growth; Family Heritage, 2% to 7% growth. Net life sales for the full year 2020 are expected to be as follows. American Income 5% to 9% growth; Liberty National 8% to 12% growth; Direct-to-Consumer down 2% to up 2%. Net health sales for the full year 2020 are expected to be as follows. Liberty National 9% to 13%; Family Heritage 8% to 12%; United American Individual Medicare Supplement relatively flat. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we defined as net investment income less required interest on net policy obligations and debt, was $63 million, a 1% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 6%. For the year, excess investment income grew 5%, while on a per share basis, it grew 8%. In 2020, due to the impact of lower interest rates, we expect excess investment income to decline by 2% to 3%, but on a per share basis be flat to up 1%. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets are $17.3 billion, including $16.4 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Now the fixed maturities $15.7 billion are our investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $674 million compared to $666 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.1% compared to 4.2% a year ago. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 55% of the fixed maturity portfolio, down from 58% at the end of 2018. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have less exposure than our peers to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, commercial mortgages and asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provides the best risk-adjusted capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Finally, we have net unrealized gains on the fixed maturity portfolio of $2.5 billion, $97 million lower than the previous quarter. Now to the investment yield, in the fourth quarter, we invested $449 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.11%, an average rating of A plus and an average life of 31 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.41%, down 15 basis points from the yield of fourth quarter 2018. As of December 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.41%. For 2020 at the midpoint of our guidance, we assumed an average new money yield of 4.10% for the full year. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can throve -- thrive in a lower-for-longer interest rate environment. The extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rules, since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. While our net investment income, and to a lesser extent, our pension expense will be impacted in a continuing low interest rate environment, our excess investment income will still grow. It just won't grow at the same rate as the invested assets. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next five years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $41 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent generated excess cash flow in 2019 of $374 million as compared to $349 million in 2018. The parent company's excess cash flow as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life shareholders. Thus including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we had $415 million available to the parent during the year. As discussed on our prior calls, we accelerated the repurchase of $25 million of Globe Life shares into December of 2018 with commercial paper and parent cash. We utilized $20 million of the 2019 excess cash flow to reduce the commercial paper for those repurchase. That left $395 million available for other uses including the $50 million of liquid assets we normally retained at the parent. In the fourth quarter, we spent $93 million to buy 930,000 Globe Life shares at an average price of $99.82. For the full year 2019, we spent $350 million of parent company cash to acquire 3.9 million shares at an average price of $89.04. So far in 2020, we have spent $33.5 million to buy 322,000 shares at an average price of $104.20. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of approximately $45 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate excess cash flow in 2020. While our 2019 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect excess cash flow in 2020 to be in the range of $375 million to $395 million. Thus including the assets on hand at January 1, we currently expect to have around $420 million to $440 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent in 2020. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. It should be noted that the cash received by the parent company from our insurance operations is after they have made substantial investments during the year to issue new insurance policies, expand our information technology and other operational capabilities and acquire new long duration assets to fund future cash needs. With the parent company excess cash flows, if market conditions are favorable and absent alternatives with higher value to our shareholders, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We believe to yield a return that is better than other available alternatives and provides a return that exceeds our cost of equity. Now regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. As noted on previous calls, Globe Life has targeted a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320% for 2019. Although we have not finalized our 2019 statutory financial statements, we anticipate that our consolidated RBC ratio for 2019 will be towards the higher end of this range. For 2020, we will continue to target a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance, as Gary previously noted, net operating income per share for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $1.70. In addition, net operating income per share for the full year 2019 was $6.75. This is $0.01 above the midpoint of our previous guidance, primarily due to greater-than-anticipated life underwriting income at Liberty National and higher excess investment income. For 2020, we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $7.03 to $7.23. The $7.13 midpoint of this guidance is slightly lower than previous guidance due to higher-than-expected employee pension and healthcare costs in 2020. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Just sticking with that guidance, EPS guidance question. So the new midpoint of your guidance is a mere $0.02 lower than previous. And I think you've just sighted that it's the lower discount rate. I just want to make sure, could you give us a sense of how many cents per share that impacted your outlook and if there were any other contributors to the revised guidance and how much?
Larry Hutchison: Sure. Yes, as I noted in the comments, really the kind of the primary reduction -- primary causes for the reduction in the midpoint was kind of higher employee costs in general, including our pension and health insurance cost. The combination of those is at -- right at that $0.02 per share. We also -- there are some offsetting items that are impacting the overall guidance. But as we look at the lower interest rates, we did have a little bit lower excess investment income expectations from what our previous guidance was. But a lot of that was -- also was due to some higher than previously anticipated acquisition in municipal investments. So while that's driving down our excess investment income, we're also seeing a little lower effective tax rate, because of that those largely offset each other. In addition, higher share price had some impact. We are having -- getting less of an impact of our overall buyback program, but we're also seeing higher excess tax benefits, which impacts the stock option expense, stock compensation expense. And again those are roughly offsetting each other. So kind of net-net, we've really looked to the kind of the higher -- higher pension expense, and to some degree our higher health insurance costs for our employees has been the primary contributors.
Andrew Kligerman: A lot of moving pieces there. Looking at the line items for both the Life & Health segments, we noticed that the non-deferred commissions and amortization line and the non-deferred acquisition expense line were both up materially in each segment. I guess I would average it out for both that was like 10% in Life and maybe north of -- you know maybe closer to 10-plus-percent in Health as well. So, the question is what's driving that number up so much that kind of dampened the EPS versus what we would have expected?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we did see some higher growth in the non-deferred acquisition costs during quarter-over-quarter. Some of that is due to some timing of certain expenses and where they kind of hit on the -- in the year. But in general, they are up. We are incurring higher costs in support of our various agencies. I mean there is higher marketing costs that we incur. Some of our various meeting costs increased a little bit in 2019 over 2018. And then, we also saw some of the branding changes. So, as we're going through and as you may have noted -- noticed in some of the materials, we're in the process of converting all of our agencies from the individual agencies to divisions of Globe Life. And so there's a fair amount of expenses that we've incurred in the fourth quarter, just associated with change in the overall brands of those particular agencies and helping the individual agencies make that conversion as well. So we do anticipate the benefits of that really in the future. But then, really a key driver of the higher percentage increased are really some of the IT costs we've incurred year-over-year. We've implemented some new CRM systems at a couple of the agencies, as well as a new commission systems, and just other agency support systems that we're starting to see the depreciation on those began in 2019. And then -- and overall, just trying to improve their overall agent experience and the service levels to the agencies.
Andrew Kligerman: I see.
Frank Svoboda: I was going to say in 2020, willing to see a leveling out. It should and it will. We do not expect it to increase at the midpoint of our guidance at near that level be like closer to the overall 6% or 7% increase.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it, that's helpful. And then just lastly, your agent count just increased so robustly. And as I look at your sales guidance, which is very compelling across both segments, I wonder, one, was it the rebranding that kind of got that growth? And two, maybe you could even exceed the guidance in sales that you just provided on the call for 2020?
Larry Hutchison: So, talking about the agency growth first, I think the two drivers for growth in 2019 were recruiting activity and our middle management growth. If you look across the three agencies, American Income had 11% increase recruiting in 2019; Liberty National had 38% increase in recruiting. We had steady retention at both agencies. The steady retention was a result of the middle management growth. American Income had 9% middle management growth in 2020. Liberty National had 17% middle management growth. I think those were the primary factors and our branding helps with the recruiting, but it was year-long recruiting activities that really increased the agent count. At Family Heritage, we had 2% year-over-year recruiting growth. We redoubled our retention at Family Heritage. That was driven by a 23% increase in middle management. As you know, middle management Release really drives our recruiting and our training, so that also helps retention and agency growth. I think the guidance we've given this year is good guidance. Just remember that agency growth is a stair-step process. And you don't expect the same percentage growth year-over-year. It's possible we could exceed that, but we're early in 2020. Our next call will have better guidance in terms of the final agent count for each of the three exclusive agencies.
Andrew Kligerman: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar of J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Sir, I had a question just on recruiting. I would have thought that with the strong labor market, the recruiting trends wouldn't have been as good as they've been. So if you could just...
Gary Coleman: Surely, I'll make this comment. Unemployment really first [ph] retention and not recruiting. Most of our recruits were not people, they're rather employees, people looking for greater opportunity. And so we really saw an increase in recurring despite the record low unemployment this year. I think the growth in middle management help with retention, because most of the training comes from middle managers, and those agents are better trained and more productive, and they stay with the company longer. So I think that was the real driver for the steady retention we saw at American Income and Liberty National, and of course the increase in retention we saw at Family Heritage.
Jimmy Bhullar: And any comments you have or any sort of metrics that you could share on the quality of the new recruits. And so, just so we can get an idea on how sales would follow -- would sales track, given the strong growth in the agent count recently?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I think with new recruits, you always see a little less productivity. They are just not quite as productive in terms of the percentage of business submitted. The average premium is more better agent, but the fact that we had sales growth in all three of the agencies tells me that we have a fairly high quality recruit across the three agencies.
Jimmy Bhullar: And just lastly on direct response, your sales in the last couple of quarters have been up slightly. They are down a lot from where they used to be. Do you think that the channels sort of turned the corner and what's your expectation in terms of how much growth you have in this business in the next two to three years?
Gary Coleman: In the fourth quarter, the better than expected sales were due to the strong electronic sales across both adult and juvenile product lines.
Frank Svoboda: If I look at the guidance for 2020, I guess referred it early is there are four primary drivers in direct response. And if I look at 2020, those four metrics versus 2019, we think insert media will be up about 2%. We expect electronic media to be up about 5%. Our circulation will be up about 2%. And our mailing volume will be stable. So I think the range of negative 2% to positive 2% sales is really a good guidance at this point. Let's remember, our focus really is not on increasing the sales, is on increasing total profit dollars.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Ryave of Bank of America.
Ian Ryave: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask on the health margin. So while margin -- the underwriting income increased nicely year-over-year. The margin percentage was a little down. Just wanted to know if you're seeing any changes in utilization for Medicare sup products or if there's anything you see on the horizon?
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think maybe the -- one most -- maybe the contributing factors is that in the Med sup business, we saw an increase in claims during the year, and that's something that was industry-wide. The policy obligations percentage for the GI business, which is where we have the Medicare Supplement was a little over 65%. That's high compared to those of previous years. But that we will be implementing rate increases in 2020 and going forward, and will now only slow the increase in policy obligations been hopefully bring it back closer to the 65%.
Ian Ryave: Great. And then just to clarify on the excess investment income. I think you guys said it was going to grow 2% to 3%. Just wanted to clarify on what your expectations are for excess investment income growth next year?
Frank Svoboda: Well, for next -- for 2020, we're thinking that in dollars excess investment income will be down 1% to 3%. On a per share basis, it will be flat to 1%. What the issues there is a decline -- the investment income will be a decline of 1% to 2%.
Ian Ryave: And that's just based on the roll off of higher yielding or is it just a lower new money yield that you're expecting to get?
Gary Coleman: Excuse me, sort of decline 1% to 2%. Investment income is going to grow 1% to 2%, whereas invested assets are going to grow 4%. And the reason we're having lower growth investment income is because of the impact of lower rates. It's the new money rate that we've this year, whereas in 2020, we're saying 4.10%, that's down almost 50 basis points from what we did in 2019. So that's -- as far as the other components of excess investment income, they are about what we expected than what we had in 2019.
Ian Ryave: Okay, great.
Frank Svoboda: I would just add to that, it is clearly the volume of the calls that we did have in 2019, and that we do anticipate some additional calls in the first part of 2020. So as those roll off the books and get reinvested at a lower rate, that's also having a dampening effect given the lower new money rate.
Gary Coleman: Yes. I'm glad Frank mentioned that. I mentioned in the opening comments that going forward we would expect that only about 2% [ph] of the portfolio coming on. That was 6% in 2019. It's going to be around 3% in 2020, and it will be 1% per year going forward for a while. And Frank mentioned the calls. We had -- 10 years ago we bought Build America Bonds, those are now callable, and so we had 550 million calls in 2019, we're expecting another 300 million of those to be called in 2020. And then after that, there will be very little calls. So I agree with Frank that, the call activity in 2019 and 2020 has a big impact on investment income growth.
Ian Ryave: Great. I appreciate the details.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: I just had a question around I guess reinsurance costs, where you do a reinsurance. A lot of your peers have just talked about increased costs there. I think probably a little more geared towards interest sensitive box. So I was just wondering if you've seen any of that and if there is anything we should consider around principal-based reserving kind of gone fully into effect at the beginning of 2020?
Larry Hutchison: Well, first of, I'll mention, I think Frank will cover the principal-based reserves. As far as reinsurance costs, we do very, very little reinsurance. So that we -- it really has no impact on us. Remember the face amount of policies we sell are in the -- from the $20,000 to $30,000, $40,000 range. So we just don't do reinsurance. Frank?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And with respect to the principal-based reserves, we are pretty much -- had pretty much implemented that for all of our -- all of our companies. We've got a couple of our small -- smaller companies that were implementing that for the new business here in 2020. We really do not anticipate a real meaningful impact one way or the other. We're finding, net-net, probably a slightly favorable for us versus reserving methodologies pre-PBR for those lines, but PBR primarily focused on their aggressive term, and a bunch of the UL policies with secondary guarantees, and we just don't write those businesses, write those lines. So it doesn't have a significant impact overall on us.
Alex Scott: Got it, okay. And then just in terms of the $375 to $395 excess cash flow you mentioned, can you talk about just priorities there? I know you said share buybacks would probably continue to be the primary method. I know you just have looked at acquisitions in the past. I mean is there something you guys are still entertaining?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Yes, absolutely. So we do take. We spread that -- those buybacks out, intend to spread it out ratably over the course of the year, that gives us the flexibility to redirect those later in the year, throughout the year, if we find other alternatives that provide a greater return to the shareholders. One of those is clearly M&A. We are interested in M&A. We're very focused on wanting to target an organization that would be strategically accretive to us that is -- and helps us to write protection oriented products to the middle market and that has a controlled distribution. And so we continue to look for opportunities and we'll continue to do so. And if we come across good opportunity during the year, then clearly, that would be -- we would clearly look at redirecting some of that free cash flow into that type of an opportunity.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in queue.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Globe Life Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2018 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $202 million or $1.82 per share, compared to $179 million or $1.55 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $192 million or $1.73 per share, a per share increase of 9% from year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of September 30th was 12% and book value per share was $65.96. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.7% and book value per share grew 10% to $47.58. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% to $631 million and life underwriting margin was $181 million, up 8% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margin percentages in our all distribution channels. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 7% to 8%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $269 million, and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $61 million. Growth in premium exceeded underwriting margin growth, primarily due to lower margin percentage at United American. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 3% to 4%. Administrative expenses were $61 million for the quarter, up 8.5% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7%, compared to 6.5% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 6% and to be around 6.6% to 6.7% of premium, compared to 6.5% in 2018. I'll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'm going to go through the results of each of our distribution channels. I'll start by saying we were especially pleased with the year-to-date agent count growth, weve seen across all three of our exclusive agencies. At American Income, life premiums were up 7% to $293 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $100 million. Net life sales were $60 million, up 9%. The sales growth was driven primarily by agent count growth. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 7,578, up 7% from the year ago quarter and up 3% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 7,770. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $72 million and the underwriting margin was up 12% to $19 million. Net life sales increased 12% to $13 million and the net health sales were $6 million, up 8% from the year ago quarter. The sales growth was driven primarily by agent count growth. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,398, up 10% from the year ago quarter and up 5% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,421. At our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 2% to $212 million and life underwriting margin increased 5% to $41 million. Net life sales were $30 million, down 1% from year ago quarter. Year-to-date, sales were down 1% due primarily to a decrease in juvenile life insurance mailing volume. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $74 million and health underwriting margin increased 12% to $19 million. Net health sales were up 9% to $18 million due to an increase in both agent count and agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,135, up 5% from both the year-ago quarter and the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,236. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 8% to $103 million, while margins declined 10% to $14 million. Net health sales were $16 million, up 25% compared to the year ago quarter. To complete my discussion on marketing operations, I will now provide some projections. We expect the producing agent count for each agency to be in the following ranges for the full year 2019: American Income, 7,350 to 7,450; Liberty National, 2,300 to 2,400; Family Heritage, 1,210 to 1,230. Approximate net life sales are expected to be as follows: American Income for the full year 2019, 6% to 7% growth, for 2020, 5% to 9% growth; Liberty National for the full year 2019, 8% to 10% growth, for 2020, 6% to 10% growth; Direct Response for the full year 2019 down 2% to flat, for 2020, down 3% to 1% growth. Approximate net health sales are expected to be as follows: Liberty National for the full year 2019, 7% to 9% growth, for 2020, 6% to 10% growth; Family Heritage for the full year 2019, 5% to 7% growth, for 2020, 5% to 9% growth; United American individual Medicare Supplement for the full year 2019, 8% to 12% growth, for 2020, relatively flat. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $65 million, a 5% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 7%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 5%, which would result in a per share increase of around 8.5%. Regarding the investment portfolio. Investment assets are $17.2 billion, including $16.2 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $15.6 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. And below investment-grade bonds are $623 million compared to $682 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to fixed maturities is 3.8% compared to 4.4% a year ago. This is the lowest this ratio has been in the last 20 years. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. This is the first time the overall portfolio rating has been A minus since 2016. Bonds rated BBB are 56% of the fixed maturity portfolio as compared to 58% at the end of 2018. While this ratio is higher relative to our peers, we have no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives or equities and little exposure to commercial mortgages in asset-backed securities. We believe BBB securities provide us the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Finally, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $2.6 billion, $638 million higher than the previous quarter, due primarily to changes in market interest rates. Regarding investment yield. In the third quarter, we invested $409 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial, industrial and municipal sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.12%, an average rating of A, and an average life of 29 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.47%, down 9 basis points from the 5.56% yield in the third quarter of 2018. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.45%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we are assuming a new money rate of around 4% in the fourth quarter and a weighted average rate of 4.25% in 2020. At these new money rates, we expect the annual yield on the portfolio to be around 5.49% in 2019 and 5.38% in 2020. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a lower for longer interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rules since we sell noninterest sensitive protection products. While net investment income, to a lesser extent pinched expense, will be impacted in a continuing low interest rate environment, investment income will still grow; it just won't grow at the same rate as the invested assets. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next four years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $41 million. In addition, as is the norm for Globe Life, the parent will generate excess cash flow in 2019. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Globe Life's shareholders. We anticipate our excess cash flow in 2019 to be approximately $375 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $415 million available to the parent during the year. As discussed on our prior calls, we accelerated the repurchases of $25 million of Globe Life stock into December 2018 with commercial paper and parent cash. We have utilized $15 million of the 2019 excess cash flow to reduce the commercial paper for those repurchases, leaving approximately $400 million available to the parent, including the $50 million of liquid assets we normally retain at the parent. In the third quarter, we spent $83 million to buy 933,000 Globe Life shares at an average price of $89.26. So far in October, we have spent $25 million to purchase 265,000 shares at an average price of $93.50. Thus, for the full year through today, we have spent $282 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 3.3 million shares at an average price of $86.33. Taking into account the $282 million spent year-to-date, we now have around $118 million of available cash, of which $50 million will be retained at the parent, leaving approximately $68 million for use in the remainder of the fourth quarter. Looking forward to 2020, we preliminarily estimate that the excess cash flow available to the parent will be in the range of $365 million to $385 million. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable and absent alternatives with higher value to our shareholders, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Now, regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. As discussed on our previous calls, Globe Life intends to target a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320% for 2019. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2019 and 2020. Our third quarter earnings were slightly higher than we anticipated, primarily due to favorable life claim fluctuations during the quarter, plus a onetime $1.2 million consent fee received on the forced exchange of one of our bond holdings. As a result, we are now projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.71 to $6.77 for the year ended December 31, 2019, a $0.02 increase at the $6.74 midpoint of this range over the prior quarter midpoint of $6.72. For 2020, we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $7 to $7.30, a 6% increase at the midpoint from 2019. Growth will be impeded in 2020 due to the lower interest rate environment, which we currently expect to continue through 2020. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar, JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First, on Direct Response. Your margins seem like they are starting to recover now. To what extent -- given some of the changes in pricing, the marketing, to what extent do you think this is the continuation of a trend? And, are the margins that you reported in the third quarter sustainable in Direct Response? And then, also, just on sales in Direct Response, I think you had been expecting an improvement in late 2019. Do you still expect sales to turn positive in the fourth quarter and what your outlook is into 2020?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, first of all, the Direct Response margin is at 19.5% in the third quarter. That was a little bit higher than expected. And we think for the year that therell -- be between 18% and 18.5%, that's for 2019. And as far as 2020, our preliminary guidance there is that we will still be at around the 18% level. We talked about a couple of years ago that that's where we thought we would get today, 18% where we'd get to. We're there now, and we think it's going to be stable.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. One thing Id just add to that, Gary, is that we're pleased we're seeing a real stabilization in the policy obligation percentage there at around 54%. And so, I agree with Gary that wed expect that 18% to looking forward around that level, anyway. Probably the one thing in the Q3 that we benefited from and there was a little bit of a fluctuation on our amortization of our acquisition costs due to just updating some models and we have some favorable persistency, we don't really see that continuing into -- into Q4 -- for operating our Q4 a little bit from where we saw Q3.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, I think you also have a question about fourth quarter sales in Direct Response. And we are expecting to have lower sales in the fourth quarter. This is due to the lower juvenile mailing volumes in the third quarter. The decline has been due to the weaker than expected juvenile response rates.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, for Gary or Frank, how much insight do you have on the changes in accounting for long duration contracts? Obviously, that's been delayed by a year. But, how do you think your book value and/or future earnings would be affected by it?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Jimmy, we do continue to work through the implementation of that new guidance. We are pleased to see that it won't be standard for another year just to give us more time, and I think the industry as well to really make sure we understand what the implications are. We do have some ideas on directionally, yet at this point in time, still working through a lot of the details. So there's not a lot of detail to share. I think at current -- one thing we would say is that at the current interest levels, we do anticipate that the reserves would have to -- reserve levels would end up going up. So, it would have some negative impact on that overall equity. And so, there will be some adjustments there. Now, there's a certain portion of that that's going to be included in other comprehensive income that as far as what the amounts are and what that's actually going look like, we really don't have anything to share at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Kligerman, Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: A first question, the health margins were 100 basis points lower year-over-year on lower Medicare Supplement margins at United American. And I guess the question is -- will these margins, they need to face pressure from higher medical inflation for MedSup products? Do you think we're at kind of a level where it's going to stay?
Gary Coleman: Well, Andrew, we have seen an uptick in the clients this year. And as you mentioned, I think it's industry-wide. Our expectation now is that going forward that the policy obligations, say in 2020 will be in the 65% to 66%, somewhere in between that range. Its early. And I think when we give our guidance in the fourth quarter call, I think, we'll have a better feel for that.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And then, what was driving the strong health sales growth at United American and Family Heritage in the quarter? It was pretty robust.
Larry Hutchison: United American, the growth was driven primarily by the individual business. In the individual business, market conditions are favorable from a pricing standpoint at this time. Also, we had some strong growth from some of our larger agencies. At the Family Heritage, the sales growth is driven by a rise in agent counts and greater productivity.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And then, lastly, just on the new money yields. It was interesting that you came in with a new money yield of 4.1% in the quarter. Just given that last quarter you had a 5% new money yield -- and I get that interest rates came down pretty sharply, but maybe a little color on why it was such a steep drop off quarter-over-quarter?
Gary Coleman: Well, Andrew, the biggest part there was the drop in the treasury rates during the quarter. And we -- to a lesser extent, the quality of the bonds purchased in the third quarter is a little higher than we had in the second quarter. But, the big part of it was out -- of that 4.12% that we had in the third quarter, the treasury rates from the -- the spreads were pretty much the same but the treasury rates had dropped by 60 basis points. And so, that's whats impacted our new money rate that we're projecting for the fourth quarter and for 2020 because for all we can see, those rates are going to be that low, going forward.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes. I think, you said a little earlier that it's going to be 4.25% is your projection next year for the new money rates. Is that right? Do you expect a little rise in treasury?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Andrew Kligerman: Yes. You do?
Gary Coleman: Yes. In this slide -- a little bit higher treasury rates. And that's more toward the end of the year. That 4.25% was a weighted average rate, start out lower in the first part of the year. We do think it will increase slightly as we move through the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Erik Bass, Anonymous Research.
Erik Bass: I just wanted to touch on life underwriting margins more broadly. It looks like they came in better than your expectations across almost all of the segments this quarter. And I know you touched on Direct Response, but was this just a particularly favorable quarter for mortality experience at American Income than Liberty, or is there something else that led to the improvement? And what are you assuming for life margins across the other businesses in 2020?
Gary Coleman: Erik, you're right. Across the board, we did have better mortality than expected. I think, the bigger surprise was Liberty. And in that one, we're thinking maybe a fluctuation because of the policy obligation there, the ratio there, 33.7 is lower than we've seen in quite some time. At American Income, we saw improvement there, but we think that -- we see improvement in mortality over the last several quarters at American Income. And the impact on the margin has been -- the underwriting margin going from 33% to 33.6%. That doesn't sound like a big change over $1 billion for the premiums, it does make quite a bit of change for our growth in earnings. The margins for this quarter were over 28% for the overall life business. We think that's going to revert back. And we're looking for underwriting margin for the full year to be around 27.9%, right at 28%. And our early thoughts on 2020 are that well still be in that same range. What we have seen is increased or improved mortality, especially at American Income and also Direct Response over the last couple of years, we don't think we'll see improvement going forward, but we think we'll maintain the profit margins and where we are for this year. So, again, we think we'll be right around 28% for the year, and we think that that will hold in 2020 as well.
Erik Bass: And then, just moving to the health side. I guess, you gave some expectation around the United American margin. It looks like it would stabilize a bit. Is the reason that you're assuming flat sales that you're having to raise price a bit to reflect some of the experience?
Larry Hutchison: I think, it's given us strong growth in Medicare Supplement for 2019. It's really a tough comparable. So, our Medicare Supplement sales in market that's hard to predict. We use general agency distribution and those market conditions have changed rapidly. Although we're giving that guidance to be flat, it's really truly to give any certainty to the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ryan Krueger, KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I have a couple of questions about the 2020 EPS guidance. Can you give us a sense of what your expectation is for admin expense growth in 2020?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Ryan, we're expecting around a 5% to 6% growth in administrative expenses.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I was just going to say that we really anticipate that percentage of premium to be -- should probably stick to be about the 6.7% that we're anticipating here for 2019.
Ryan Krueger: I may have missed this, but could you also give the rough expectations for underwriting income growth for both life and health in 2020?
Gary Coleman: Well, for life, we're looking at 3% to 5% growth; and for the health insurance, we're looking at 4% to 6%.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Ian Ryave, Bank of America.
Ian Ryave: On the Direct Response margins, you're now at about 18% to 19% for life underwriting margin. And if we look back to 2011 through 2015, that margin percentage is in the 23% range. So, is there anything that's preventing you from getting back to that level?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think, the -- at this point in time, as we are having to kind of recalibrate our thought process, taking into account the additional information that we're getting on our underwriting and the results that we had from that during that 2011 to 2014 time frame, in the near term, we really think that it's going to continue to be in the 18% to 19% range. It's difficult to say over time as we work through testing and work through continuing changes, if we can get back to those levels. But, at least in the near term, we think we'll be closer to this 18% and 19%.
Ian Ryave: And does it have anything to do with the IRRs on new products? Is that a consideration as well?
Frank Svoboda: I don't think it's really the IRRs on the new products. The products are essentially the same. It's just getting the right mix of pricing and underwriting and working through all those to -- so we can really maximize the underwriting dollars, and trying to get the right mix to give us the right response rates, growth in sales, but at a price and a margin that we can ultimately grow underwriting dollars more so than -- we're not as focused on the underwriting percentage as much as we are trying to grow the underwriting dollars.
Ian Ryave: Got it. And then, just real quick on American Income sales. So, you talked about some near-term pressure from just opening up new offices. I assume this kept middle management busy, just onboarding and training new agents. Given the results last couple of quarters, they were particularly good this quarter, are we starting to see a turnaround in sales? Is this headwind starting to abate?
Larry Hutchison: I think we've had several factors in American Income that led to the industry growth. First, we had strong recruiting, a fewer terminations that was caused in part by the restructuring compensation. Year-to-date, our recruiting is up 9%. I think, another important factor is that for this year, we got middle management growth of 9% year-to-date. As you stated, we have 13 new offices that opened since January 2018. Middle management and officers have been replaced now. We're starting to see recruiting activity in those 13 new offices. All those factors are at work and increasing the agent count at American Income.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alex Scott, Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First question I had was on agent count and recruiting. I guess just looking at the landscape and it sounds like some of these online distributors are looking for higher growth rates and there's a bit more conversation around sort of a gig economy type approach to agents and so forth. I'd just be interested to hear your take on that business model versus yours. And what you're doing to -- this result and you're now feeling pressure from agents leaving for that kind of a gig, or any color that you could provide on what's allowing you to strengthen your agent recruiting here?
Gary Coleman: To discuss the marketing generally, we operate in an underserved market. So, typically, we're the only agent in that home. And so, there's not a competition from other agents nor is there digital competition in a sense that this is a need that's filled. People aren't looking to buy life insurance. You're really explaining the need and people buy insurance if they understand the need. So, I think there will be a place for life insurance agents as we go forward. The thing is we're selling smaller face policies, and there's not real competition in that part of the market because other agencies or other companies can't control expenses. And expense control is so important in who you're writing lower face policies. So, for both, expense control and for the market that we serve, I think, the agents fill an important issue of market.
Alex Scott: Got it. So, in the last couple of years, thinking now longer term, I mean, you're not seeing any signs that would lead you to believe in any way that there is shifting consumer preference for online purchasing versus in-home with an agent in person. Do you still feel like all the trends are still there for this to be the business model long term?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think, all the trends are there. And we continue to grow the agency force. We continue to grow middle management and open offices. We haven't seen a change in persistency that we're losing policies, as we said our persistency and retention of agents remained unchanged. So, the short-term factors we discussed in earlier calls, was low unemployment rate, and we've dealt with that and much research and compensation and really focused on the training and retention of our new agents. So, Id say the long-term business model that works.
Alex Scott: Got it. Okay. Maybe one last one for you guys. One of your peers has talked about efficiencies, and I think they were similarly organized with multiple subs under a holding company with maybe some different brands. So, I guess I'd just be interested to know if you guys are looking at anything structurally or if there's anything going on. I know you changed the name of the Company recently at the parent level. So, any thoughts on if there's sort of more to come in terms of thinking through like structure and efficiency, particularly as I know some of the tax -- the systems and progress towards the new accounting requirements, some companies are thinking more holistically, any insight there?
Gary Coleman: There is no major plans to change structure. First, from a legal structure, there is really no plans. We'll continue to have several companies, will operate under the Globe brand. But, as far as -- there is a lot of, for example, our systems and back-office operations, we consolidated those quite some time ago. What we're doing now is we're upgrading those systems, and that will benefit -- we'll have systems that are enterprise-wide. We've had them but what we're doing now is upgrade to some more efficient systems that will provide better service.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And one thing I would just add to that, I think, from a pure structural perspective, we don't have that many operating companies to begin with, as we have taken a look at and considered it along with the branding strategy, the cost ultimately of moving that, working through changes to all policyholders and the transferring of policyholders through some type of a merger, getting -- or putting the entities together really wasn't worth the additional benefits that we might be able to achieve from that. As Gary said, we felt comfortable operating within the current operating -- current legal structures that we have and still being able to get efficiencies from the overall consolidation of systems and then working under the unified brand.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator instructions] Speakers, at this time, we have no further questions in the queue.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments. And we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator:
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your phone lines and have a great rest of week. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2018 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $187 million or $1.67 per share compared to $184 million or $1.59 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $187 million or $1.67 per share, a per share increase of 11% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of June 30 was 12.3% and book value per share was $60.22. Excluding unrealized gains/losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share grew 10% to $46.43. Now on our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $631 million and life underwriting margin was $175 million, up 9% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to a higher percentage of premium margins in all distribution channels. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 6% to 7%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 6% to $266 million and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $60 million. Growth in premium exceeded underwriting margin growth primarily due to lower margins at United American. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 3% to 4%. Administrative expenses were $59 million for the quarter, up 7% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.5% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 6% and to remain around 6.6% of premium compared to 6.5% in 2018. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 7% to $288 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $97 million. Net life sales were $61 million, up 2%. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 7,364, up 4% from the year ago quarter and up 7% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 7,477. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $71 million and life underwriting margin was up 6% to $18 million. Health premiums were down 1% to $47 million and the health underwriting margin was down 4% to $12 million. Net life sales increased 4% to $13 million and net health sales were $6 million, up 11% from the year ago quarter. The sales growth was driven primarily by agent count growth. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 2,290, up 5% from the year ago quarter and up 5% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter 2,390. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life insurance were up 4% to $217 million and life underwriting margin increased 9% to $39 million. Net life sales were $34 million, down 2% from the year ago quarter. Year-to-date, sales are flat. As we go forward, we expect to grow both sales and profits. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $73 million and health underwriting margin increased 14% to $18 million. Net health sales were up 9% to $17 million due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,081, up 3% from the year ago quarter and up 8% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,089. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 9% to $102 million. Our margins declined 8% to $14 million. Net health sales were $17 million, up 24% compared to the year ago quarter. To complete my discussion of the market operations, I will now provide some projections. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2019 to be in the following ranges: American Income, 7,200 to 7,500; Liberty National, 2,300 to 2,500; Family Heritage, 1,175 to 1,225. Approximate net life sales for the full year 2019 are expected to be as follows: American Income, 5% to 9% growth; Liberty National, 9% to 13% growth; Direct Response, flat to 2% growth. Approximate net health sales for the full year 2019 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, 7% to 11% growth; Family Heritage, 3% to 7% growth; United American individual Medicare Supplement, 7% to 13% growth. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income, excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $65 million, an 8% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 12%. Year-to-date, excess investment income is up 7% in dollars to 10% per share. For the full year 2019, we expect excess investment income to grow about 5%, which will result in a per share increase of around 8% to 9%. Invested assets are $16.9 billion, including $16 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. On the fixed maturities, $15.3 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment-grade bonds are $646 million compared to $688 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.0% compared to 4.5% a year ago. This is the lowest this ratio has been in the last 20 years. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, same as the year ago quarter. Bonds rated BBB are 56% of the fixed maturity portfolio as compared to 58% at the end of 2018. While this ratio is higher relative to our peers, we have no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives or equities and little exposure to commercial mortgages and asset-backed securities. We believe the BBB securities provide us the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold the securities to maturity regardless of the fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Finally, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $2 billion, $715 million higher than the previous quarter due primarily to changes in market interest rates. Regarding investment yield, in the second quarter, we invested $253 million in investment-grade fixed maturities primarily in the financial and industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.95%, an average rating of A- and an average life of 29 years. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.50%, down 7 basis points from the 5.57% yield in the second quarter of 2018. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.50%. At the midpoint of our guidance, were assuming an average new money rate of around 4.5% for the remainder of 2019. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, we can thrive at a lower-for-longer interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under current accounting rules since we sell noninterest-sensitive protection products. While our net investment income will be impacted in the continuing low interest rate environment, our excess investment income will still grow, it just wont grow at the same rate as the invested assets. Now Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $41 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent is generating excess cash flow in 2019. The parent companys excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and of the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We anticipate our excess cash flow in 2019 to be in the range of $365 million to $375 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $405 million to $415 million available to the parent during the year. As discussed on prior calls, we accelerated the repurchases of $25 million of Torchmarks stock into December 2018 with commercial paper and parent cash. We had utilized $15 million of the 2019 excess cash flow to reduce the commercial paper for those repurchases. As such, we expect to have approximately $390 million to $400 million to be available to the parent for other uses, including the $50 million of liquid assets we normally retain at the parent.  In the second quarter, we spent $85.4 million to buy 979,000 Torchmark shares at an average price of $87.18. Including the $88.6 million spent for repurchases in the first quarter and the $16 million spent so far in July, we have spent $190 million of parent company cash thus far in 2019 to acquire more than 2.2 million shares at an average price of $84.67. Taking into account the $190 million spent on year-to-date repurchases and the $50 million we plan on retaining at the parent, we will have approximately $150 million to $160 million of excess cash flow available to the parent for the remainder of the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable and absent alternatives with higher value to our shareholders, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Now regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries, our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current rates. As discussed on our previous call, Torchmark intends to target a consolidated company action level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320% for 2019. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance, we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.67 to $6.77 for the year-end December 31, 2019. The $6.72 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.04 increase over the prior quarter midpoint of $6.68, primarily attributable to the favorable underwriting results in the second quarter and an improved outlook on life underwriting income for the second half of the year. These positive adjustments are offset somewhat by slightly lower expectations of excess investment income and health underwriting income for the remaining part of the year. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. We have 2 more topics to discuss before taking questions. We announced yesterday that Torchmark will be renamed Globe Life Inc. on August 8. We will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange as GL. The name change reflects the companys commitment to an enterprise-wide brand alignment to enhance sales and recruitment to improve, name recognition. We chose the Globe Life name to capitalize on the branding investments weve made in recent years at Globe Life and Accident Insurance Company. These investments have increased Globes name recognition, and improved sales in Texas and the surrounding states. All the individual insurance subsidiaries will continue to exist as legal entities and retain their unique cultures and market niches and will all eventually use and take advantage of the Globe Life brand. Our operating companies have been successful using their own brands. Despite a lack of name recognition among agent recruits and prospective customers, we expect unified brand name and resilient name recognition to expand that success. Overtime, branding will significantly enhance our ability to recruit agents and reach new customers. We expect this initiative to evolve over a number of years and create a strong unified brand. As we go forward, we will maintain our usual disciplined approach to expense management to ensure branding has a positive effect on recruiting, sales and underwriting income. Lastly, we announced earlier today that Globe Life is now the official life insurance of the Dallas Cowboys. We are excited about this new relationship. It provides a great opportunity to strengthen Globe Lifes brand recognition in a cost-effective manner. Those are our comments. We will open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First on the Direct Response business, I think youre guiding to flat to up 2% sales growth in  for the year. First half, you are down almost 1%, and I think this quarter obviously was down after 2 positive quarters in the last couple of quarters. So what gives you confidence that things or the inside  or that things are going to get better in the second half? And then secondly on American Income, there were a lot of concerns last year on how the strong economy was going to affect your ability to recruit and also just how your sales are going to be affected by the Supreme Court decision related to unions. And wondering if you can comment if youve seen any impact on your close rates or any  on the sales side or on recruiting just from the tight labor market.
Larry Hutchison: If I could go first, the first quarter, as you stated, was up slightly at 1%. As expected, the second quarter was down 2%. That decline was due primarily to a decrease in mailing volumes. We are expecting to have 2% to 3% sales growth for the second half of the year. Thus, our guidance is flat to up 2%. With respect to American Income, the Supreme Court decision has had no effect on our sales, our recruiting or our persistency. Jimmy, I think the third question had to do with agent retention. And what weve seen on agent retention is that in the first and second quarter, the increase in agent count seems to reflect an increase in our year-over-year recruiting. The short term is positive since terminations have slowed down compared to the new agent appointments. But for the year, our guidance will be in agent count is between 7,200 and 7,500, and we expect that, that will be the case, but the sales growth didnt equal the agent growth in the second quarter, and thats because new agents are generally less productive and then for several months as compared to veteran agents.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And maybe if I could just ask one more on the name change, any financial impact you expect from it, like either in the form of increased spending initially and maybe to build the brand further, or maybe expand efficiencies or something like positive or negative financial impacts from the name change over the next year?
Larry Hutchison: Well, Jimmy, this amortized spending is one we recorded in with the brand alignment time line for our various distribution channels. We plan on increasing advertising spend in a measured way to coincide with increases in our sales recruiting. We do not believe there will be initiative impact on our underwriting income.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi good morning. Thank you. Based on your strong life underwriting margins in the first half of the year, are you making any changes to your full year expectations and/or the longer term targets from margins by business?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I would say, Erik, that we are increasing our expectations with respect to our overall life for the second half of the year. If you look at last year, we probably on a total life basis, we were just a little bit under 28% margin for the second half of the year. This year, we probably, given the favorable experience that weve seen so far in the first half of the year, were thinking thats probably going to be closer to 28% for the remainder of the year, just a little bit of an uptick greater than what we saw last year and a little bit better than what we had anticipated as of our last call. I think most of this only really relates to American Income, but were also just seeing a slightly better expectation with respect to Direct Response as well.
Gary Coleman: Erik, I would add that it is mostly margin improvement. The growth in premium in the year second half of the year will be very close to what the growth of the first half year is. The growth there is coming from the increased margins that Frank mentioned.
Erik Bass: Got it. And would that margin be something that you would expect to continue into 2020? I mean a little bit above 28%?
Frank Svoboda: Well, obviously, the taking a look at those projections again here in the next quarter, were going to give some better guidance on that next quarter where we kind of see 2020 coming at.
Gary Coleman: But I would add, I dont think we expect to see much variability. For example, were 27.7% this year, we were 27.1% last year. Its not going to be very conventional in those numbers.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then on just life sales, I think youre trending year-to-date a little bit lower than your full year targets. So, can you talk about some of the dynamics behind that and your expectations for the second half of the year, where it seems to be a guidance that you expect activity to pick up a bit?
Larry Hutchison: Erik, your question again was life sales in the second of the year?
Erik Bass: Yes.
Larry Hutchison: The life sales, I think the guidance again for the second half of the year is were going to see positive life sales out of this distribution. On American Income, for the full year 5% to 9%, we had I believe 4%, 2% in the first and second quarters. We see stronger life sales in the second and third and fourth quarter. When you think about it, those are fairly easy comparables. We had weaker third and fourth quarter sales last year. Liberty National net life sales for the remainder of the year should be strong. Again, the guidance for the full year is 9% to 13%. And Direct Response, to answer Jimmys question, our guidance is still flat to 2%.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Hi good morning. First question I have is just a bit of a housekeeping question. As we think about the decline in rates, actuarial reviews and so forth, would you expect to have any impact I mean, I think a lot of your business is at 60, and so I would think theres probably plenty of margin and no risk in cash flow testing. Like is that the case? What do you use for long-term rate assumptions when you do that work?
Gary Coleman: Well, youre right that almost all our businesses, they are 60 basis and as far as the rates that we use, we for each year of issue, we select an interest rate based on where our current rates are. But in doing the cash flow testing that we do each year, we have never had an issue where we a change in rates could cause us to write off DAC or affect our liabilities. Its just for one thing we dont sell interest rates to businesses. The other thing we had such strong margins in the business that we would I can never see us getting to the point where we had to make any kind of adjustment.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then second question I have is just on expenses. And I guess theres some headwinds that I think are facing the industry in general, which is system upgrades, improving tech and dealing with the new accounting standards and all of the time and effort thats probably going into converting, even though I know it got pushed back a year. With all these things going on and just like the scale of Torchmark, I would think that maybe some of those expenses might impact you guys a bit more than some of the bigger life insurers. Are you feeling any of that? Is that already in numbers and the run rate that you are kind of showing us today? Any anticipation of any of those expenses increasing over the next year or 2?
Gary Coleman: The answer is yes and yes. So, we are filling it and its in our numbers and in our guidance. So, the 7% increase this year in administrative expenses, most of that is related to IT and information security expenses. And youre right, I think all companies and industries are being hit by that. And this is a trend over the last few years that we ramp up these expenses. We expect to continue to increase these expenses, maybe not at the rate we have in the last year or so. But in our guide, as what we say, we expect administrative expenses to be 6.6% for the year, that includes all the IT and information security costs that Ive just mentioned.
Alex Scott: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] At this time, there are no further questions in the queue.
Mike Majors: Alright. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svobda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2018 10-K on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. Ill now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $185 million or $1.65 per share, compared to $174 million or $1.49 per share a year-ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $185 million or $1.64 per share, a per share increase of 12% from a year-ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of March 31 was 12.9%, and book value per share was $54.13. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.7% and book value per share grew 11% to $45.45. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% to $624 million, and life underwriting margin was $170 million, up 10% from a year-ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins in all distribution channels. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 4% to 6%. On the health side, premium revenue increased 6% to $267 million, and health underwriting margin also grew 6% to $62 million. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 3% to 5%. Administrative expenses were $59 million for the quarter, up 7% from a year-ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.5% a year-ago. For the year, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5% to 6% and be around 6.6% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 7% to $282 million, and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $93 million. Net life sales were $58 million, up 4%. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 6,865, up 1% from the year-ago quarter, but down 1% from the fourth quarter. However, the producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 7,233. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $71 million. Our life underwriting margin was up 10% to $18 million. Net life sales increased 8% to $12 million. And net health sales were $6 million, up 12% from the year-ago quarter. The sales growth was driven by increases in both agent count and productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 2,179, up 4% from a year-ago quarter, but approximately the same as the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,297. At our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 3% to $218 million, and life underwriting margin increased 11% to $37 million. Net life sales were $32 million, up 1% from the year-ago quarter. In recent years, we have focused primarily on maximizing profit dollars while adjusting our marketing efforts to stabilize margins. As we go forward, we expect to grow both sales and profits. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $71 million and health underwriting margin increased 14% to $18 million. Net health sales were down 3% to $13 million. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,002, up 1% from the year ago quarter, but down 11% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,020. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 9% to $103 million. Net health sales were $15 million, up 5% compared to the year ago quarter.  To complete my discussion on marketing operations, I will now provide some projections. Approximate net life sales for the full-year 2019 are expected to be as follows: American Income, 5% to 9% growth; Liberty National, 7% to 11% growth; Direct Response, flat to 2% growth. Approximate net health sales for the full-year 2019 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, 6% to 10% growth; Family Heritage, 2% to 6% growth; United American Individual Medicare Supplement, 4% to 8% growth. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on the net policy liabilities and debt, was $66 million, a 6% increase over the year-ago quarter. On a per-share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 9%. For the full-year, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 5%, which would result in a per-share increase of around 9%. Regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $16.9 billion, including $16 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $15.3 billion were investment grade with an average rating of A-, and below investment grade bonds were $671 million compared to $688 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds at fixed maturities is 4.2% compared to 4.5% a year ago. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, same as a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 57% of the fixed maturity portfolio, which is higher relative to our peers. However, we have no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives or equities, and little exposure to commercial mortgages and asset-backed securities. Finally, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.2 billion, $691 million higher than the previous quarter, due primarily to changes in market interest rates. As to investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $451 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.88%, an average rating of A+ and an average life of 28 years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.53%, down 5 basis points from the 5.58% yield in the first quarter of 2018. As of March 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.51%. For 2019, the average new money yield assumed at the midpoint of our guidance is 4.90% for the full-year. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Torchmark is driving a lower-for-longer interest rate environment. A continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the GAAP or statutory balance sheets since we primarily sell non-interest-sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark will continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $41 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate excess cash flow in 2019. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We anticipate our excess cash flow in 2019 will be the range of $365 million to $375 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $405 million to $415 million available to the parent during the year. As discussed on the prior call, we accelerated $25 million of 2019 repurchases of Torchmark stock into December 2018 with commercial paper and parent cash. We plan to utilize $15 million of the 2019 excess cash flow to reduce the commercial paper for those repurchases. As such, we expect to have approximately $390 million to $400 million to be available to the parent for other uses, including the $50 million of liquid assets we normally retain at the parent. In the first quarter, we spent $89 million to buy 1.1 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $81.32. So far in April, we have spent $11 million to purchase 131,000 shares at an average price of $84.61. Thus, for the full year through today, we have spent $100 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 1 million shares at an average price of $81.68. Excluding the $100 million spent on repurchases so far this year and the $50 million we plan on retaining at the parent; we will have approximately $240 million to $250 million of excess cash flow available to the parent for the remainder of the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable and absent alternatives with higher value to our shareholders, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Now regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. As discussed on our previous call, Torchmark intends to target a consolidated company action-level RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. At December 31, 2018, our consolidated RBC ratio was 326%, slightly greater than the high point of our range. The increased RBC ratio was primarily attributable to slightly lower required capital and higher statutory earnings than anticipated. At this RBC ratio, we have approximately $129 million of capital at the insurance subsidiary over the amount required at the low end of our consolidated RBC target of 300%. This excess capital, along with the $50 million of assets held at the parent, provide approximately $179 million that are available to fund possible needs in the insurance companies should they arise. In addition, due to the fact that deferred tax assets were replaced in 2018 with marketable securities purchased with capital contributions, the quality of our capital has substantially improved. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2019, we are projecting that our operating income per share will be in the range of $6.61 to $6.75 for the year ended December 31, 2019. The $6.68 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.08 increase over the prior quarter midpoint of $6.60, primarily attributable to an improved outlook on our underwriting results due to lower policy obligations than anticipated in the first quarter largely attributable to our life insurance operations. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We'll now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So I had a few questions. First, on your EPS guidance, the midpoint going up by $0.08, how much of that is just the fact that you had good results in 1Q versus maybe a more optimistic view of the rest of the year as well?
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, I think most of the increase is due to the better-than-expected first quarter. If you look at the second quarters through fourth quarters, I think what we anticipate is largely going to be in line with what we've seen there last year. So I think there may be some  a little slight improvement in a couple of those lines, but I think the vast majority of it is really the lower claims and the better-than-expected results we had in the first quarter.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then in Direct Response, you've had two quarters now their sales have been positive, pretty modest but positive. And I think you're expecting a flat to 2% increase. I would have thought that with the expected increases in circulation volumes, you'd actually see a little bit of more of a pickup. But maybe you could just give some color on why you're expecting some  such a modest increase, or are you being conservative in your outlook?
Larry Hutchison: Well, I don't think we're being conservative in our outlook. When we look at our inquiries, for 2019, we think Insert Media inquiries will be down about 2% to 3%, our electronic inquiries will be up about 5%, circulation itself will be up about 2%, and mail volumes will be down about 5%. Given constant response rates, I think the flat to 2% increase is a good prediction for what we think sales will be for the full-year 2019.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then just lastly, have you seen any impact on your business from either the Supreme Court ruling on unions and its effect on American Income or just the strong labor market it affecting your ability to recruit or retain agents?
Larry Hutchison: We have not seen an impact to American Income be it production, recruiting or sales as a result of the Supreme Court decision.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. First, to follow up on the agent side, can you talk about any changes in agent retention rates at American Income following the recent changes you made to compensation?
Larry Hutchison: The first quarter agent retention has stayed relatively unchanged. We have measured third-month, sixth-month, and 13-month retention. However, that retention is historical. If you look at the first quarter, we just see a decrease in terminations, particularly in the second half of the quarter, and so we will have retention, particularly for three-month retention, at the time of our earnings call. The reduction in terminations is a good indicator that we think our retention will be better as we go through 2019.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then I was hoping, maybe switching gears to the investment portfolio, that you could provide more detail on your BBB exposures. And specifically, can you talk about how much is rated BBB- and maybe comment on the sector allocations?
Gary Coleman: Well, as far as the sector allocations, I think they're pretty well spread among all of the sectors that we have. As far as how much is BBB-, out of the total BBBs, less than 20% are BBB-. The other 80-something percent is BBB or BBB+.
Erik Bass: Okay. Thank you. And that's of the 20% of the BBBs, not of the overall portfolio, right?
Gary Coleman: No, not the portfolio. 20% of the BBBs.
Erik Bass: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Nadel with UBS.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning, and congrats on the good quarter. I guess two questions from me. One is agent count at Family Heritage. Last couple of quarters have declined. I was just wondering if you could just characterize what's happening there. Is that more of a culling of low-end performers? Or is that recruiting-driven? And what's your outlook there?
Larry Hutchison: John, when we looked at Family Heritage, we saw that recruitment activity was particularly slow during the holiday season and the month of January. We didn't see recruiting activity really recover at Family Heritage until early February. I think that part of the cause there, we were really focused on production in the third and fourth quarter of last year, and so we saw the recruiting start to drop off in November. We're back to normal recruiting levels now, and I think we'll see an increasing agent count in the second quarter of this year.
John Nadel: Thank you. And then the second question, this is very hypothetical and I don't know how to think about the probability of some significant change here. But clearly, there's been an awful lot of political posturing recently as it relates to Medicare for all. It's had some impact on, I think, the healthcare providers. I'm just wondering if you laid out a scenario where a Bernie Sanders kind of Medicare for all were to go through, how might it expect that impact Medicare Supplement business.
Larry Hutchison: John, this is Larry. I think it's really too early to tell. We really have to wait and see how that program will be structured. On one hand, it could be an opportunity if we have Medicare for all and we have a Medicare system where co-pays and deductibles are covered by a Medicare-type insurance. That could be an opportunity. On the other hand, if the proposal is they eliminate all private insurance, certainly, that will have a negative effect. We have to remember that Medicare is a fairly small part of our operation now. It occurs  it's a fairly small part of our overall earnings.
John Nadel: Okay. What proportion of the Health segment premiums comes from the Medicare Supplement business?
Gary Coleman: John, this is Gary.
Frank Svoboda: Thats about 50%.
Gary Coleman: About of our total health premium is  sort of $500 million.
John Nadel: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the admin expenses, they were a little elevated this quarter. It didn't look like you guided to significantly higher growth. Was there anything that was sort of a one-timer in nature there or anything to note on sort of investment in systems accounting, that sort of thing?
Gary Coleman: No, there was a onetime-type item within our employee benefits area that made the expenses a little bit higher this quarter. As I mentioned, the expenses were up 6.7%. And for the year, we're expecting that expense will be up 5% to 6%. So that was more of an unusual item for the first quarter, but it won't carry forward.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then just kind of high level, could you talk about sort of the comp structure changes you've made and sort of the impact that you're seeing on recruiting and how much of that is sort of in your go-forward guide on sales and sort of the growth in agent counts? Anything you could provide there would be helpful.
Larry Hutchison: American income, the compensation change, we didn't increase the total compensation. We restructured the compensation, and so that more of the agent commission is towards the front end to encourage new agents to stay in the business. The other is bonuses that permit the managers that will increase the retention of new agents with their better  they will spend more time in training and trying to retain those agents. Sort of high-level, that's the compensation change. At Family Heritage, to address the recruiting, we also have a new bonus for agent thats based on intermediary recruiting objectives. At Liberty National, the compensation is largely unchanged
Gary Coleman: But Alex that  we'd see some positive results at American Income, I think Larry mentioned it. We've added new agents. Our terminations are down. It's too early to make a definitive conclusion, but the results so far look promising.
Alex Scott: Okay. And may be if could sneak one last one, and just on the favorable mortality that you experienced during the quarter, is there anywhere you saw that more concentrated? Was it older age, policies, specifically some of the older blocks or anything else that you've kind of witnessed as you look through those results?
Gary Coleman: It was really throughout the blocks. And we  no, we didn't see. It was really a bit among ages, but also as far as medical reasons and those kinds of things, it was just  it was really just low across the Board for really American Income, Direct Response and Liberty National.
Alex Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no additional questioners at this time.
Gary Coleman: All right. Well, thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2017 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $165 million or $1.45 per share compared to $1.03 billion or $8.71 per share a year ago. As a remainder, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded $874 million in net income, primarily as a result of remeasuring our tax assets and liabilities using lower corporate tax rate. Net operating income for the quarter was $177 million or $1.56 per share, a per share increases 26% from a year ago. Excluding the impact of tax reform, we estimate that the growth would have been approximately 8%. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 31st was 4.3% and book value per share was $48.11. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share grew 11% to $44.32. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 3% to $600 million and life underwriting margin was $168 million, up 5% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins in direct response in our Military business. In 2019, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 3% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $257 million and health underwriting margin was up 6% to $58 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins at Family Heritage and American Income. In 2019, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 2% to 4%. Administrative expenses were $57 million for the quarter, up 5% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7% compared to 6.6% a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $224 million or 6.5% of premium compared to 6.4% in 2017. In 2019, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 4% to 5% and to remain around 6.5% in premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 7% to $276 million and life underwriting margin was up 5% to $90 million. Net life sales were $54 million, down 2%. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 6,936, approximately the same as the year-ago quarter, but down 2% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,894. Net life sales for the full year 2018 were flat, due to the lack of growth in agent count and productivity. We have not seen any drop in new leads or their resuming sales. As I mentioned last quarter, low unemployment across the country is having an impact on our agent growth. We continue to see growth in agent recruiting, but we are seeing a drop-off in retention of new agents, due to the unusually high number of other work opportunities. We are confident we can work through this even if unemployment rates persist at these historically low levels and we are optimistic about future growth in American Income. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 1% to $70 million. Our life underwriting margin was down 1% to $18 million. Net life sales increased 6% to $13 million and net health sales were $6 million, up 9% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,172, up 3% from a year ago, but approximately the same as the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,159. Net life sales for the full year of 2018 grew 5%. Net health sales for the full year 2018 grew 8%. The sales increase was driven by increases in agent count and agent productivity. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 1% to $200 million and life underwriting margin increased 6% to $39 million. Net life sales were $29 million, the same as the year-ago quarter. For the full year 2018, net life sales declined 7%. We continue to refine and adjust our marketing programs in an effort to maximize the profitability of new business. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $70 million and health underwriting margin increased 15% to $18 million. Net health sales grew 3% to $15 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,129, up 10% from a year ago and up 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,097. Net health sales for the full-year 2018 grew 7%. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 6% to $97 million. Net health sales were $30 million, up 7% compared to the year ago quarter. To complete my discussion on the marketing operations, I will now provide some projections. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2019 to be in the following ranges. American Income, 2% to 4% growth; Liberty National 2% to 11% growth; Family Heritage 8% to 13% growth. Our approximate life net sales trends for the full year 2019 are expected to be as follows. American Income 4% to 8% growth; Liberty National 2% to 10% growth; Direct Response flat to 2% growth. For Direct Response, we expect to begin the year slowly and then start to see sustainable growth at some point during the middle of the year. Health net sales trends for the full year 2019 are expected to be as follows. Liberty National 4% to 8% growth; Family Heritage 5% to 9% growth; United American Individual Medicare Supplement 4% to 8% growth. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on the net policy liabilities and debt, was $62 million, a 7% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 10%. For the year, excess investment income grew by 2%, 6% on a per-share basis. In 2019, we expect excess investment income to grow around 5%, which would result in a per share increase of around 9%. Now, regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $16.6 billion, including $15.8 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $15.1 billion were in investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below-investment grade bonds were $666 million compared to $702 million a year ago. The percentage of below-investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.2% compared to 4.7% a year ago. This is the lowest this percentage has been since 2000. With a portfolio leverage of 3.2 times compared to our peer Company average around 7 times, the percentage of below-investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 13%, which is lower than the average of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus, same as a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 58% of the fixed maturity portfolio, which is high relative to our peers. However, due to our low asset leverage, the percentage of BBBs to equity is in line with peer companies. In addition, we have no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, or equities and little exposure to commercial mortgages and asset-backed securities. Finally, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $524 million, approximately $225 million lower than the previous quarter, due primarily to changes in market interest rates. Regarding investment yield, in the fourth quarter, we invested $409 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial, municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.26%, and average rating of A minus, and an average life of 23 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.56%, down 5 basis points from the 5.61% yield in the fourth quarter of 2017. As of December 31st, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.55%. For 2019, at the midpoint of our current guidance, we are assuming an average new money yield of 5% for the full year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Gary. First I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the fourth quarter, we spent $122 million to buy 1.5 million Torchmark shares, at an average price of $82.11. For the full year 2018, we spent $372 million of parent Company cash to acquire 4.4 million shares at an average price of $84.38. So far in 2019, we have spent $29 million to purchase 359,000 shares at an average price of $79.56. These purchases are being made from the parent Company's excess cash flow. However, it should be noted that in December, due to the significant pullback of the overall stock market, we accelerated approximately $25 million of repurchases from 2019 into 2018. These repurchases were made at an average price of approximately $76 and were paid from cash at the parent and of the issuance of commercial paper. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of approximately $41 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate excess cash flow in 2019. The parent Company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2018 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect excess cash flow in 2019 to be in the range of $350 million to $370 million. Thus, included in the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $390 million to $410 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent. We anticipate using around $15 million of our 2019 excess cash flow to pay for the accelerated share repurchases by reducing commercial paper. That will leave around $375 million to $395 million available to the parent during the year, including the normal $50 million of parent assets we expect to retain. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable and absent alternatives with a higher value to the shareholders, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Now, regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. After discussions with the rating agencies and as noted on the last call, Torchmark intends to target a consolidated RBC ratio in the range of 300% to 320%. Although we have not finalized, our 2018 statutory financial statements, we anticipate that our consolidated RBC ratio will be within that range at around 315% to 320%. For 2019, we expect the target ratio will remain in the 300% to 320% range. As has been previously discussed, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or the NAIC, is considering a change in the capital factors that relate to fixed maturity investments. These factors are commonly referred to as C1 factors. At this time, it is unclear when any such changes might be implemented as it was not included on the agenda at the NAIC's latest meeting. As such, we do not expect the implementation of any new C1 factor to occur before year-end 2020. If implemented, the new C1 factors would generally increase the amount of required capital for fixed maturity investments. Using our fixed maturity portfolio as of year-end 2018, we have estimated that the impact of the new factors would result in a 30 to 35-point reduction in our RBC percentage, requiring additional capital in the range of $175 million to $190 million to retain the same RBC percentage as before the change. Given our current incremental borrowing capacity at the holding Company of approximately $475 million and our cash flow generation capabilities within our insurance operations, we are confident we will have the necessary resources to provide the additional capital, if needed. Furthermore, any additional borrowings to fund additional capital should not adversely impact earnings, as the additional capital would be invested by the insurance companies in long duration assets. Given the maturity of the current credit cycle and the possibility that our fixed maturity portfolio could experience some downgrades or defaults in the coming years, we have also stress tested the impact that downturn in the economy could have on our statutory capital and related RBC percentage. In this test, we utilize the same ratings migration and default rates that actually occurred in the three-year period of 2008 through 2010 as published in Moody's annual default study. Under this severe scenario, our RBC ratio could decrease over the three-year period by approximately 40 to 45 points, requiring approximately $200 million to $225 million to retain the same RBC percentage as before the downturn. Again, our incremental borrowing capacity is well in excess of the additional capital necessary, especially given the likelihood that any ratings migrations and defaults would likely occur over a period of time. Even more importantly, the parent Company's ability to generate well over $300 million in excess cash flows on an annual basis, provides additional confidence that we would have the liquidity necessary to address any capital needs in an economic downturn. As previously noted, the earnings impact of financing additional capital should not be significant, since any proceeds will be invested in long duration assets. Next, a few comments on our operations. With respect to our Direct Response operations, the underwriting margin as a percent of premium in the quarter was 19% compared to 18% in the year ago quarter, due to slightly favorable claims in the current quarter, as well as lower amortization due to a fluctuation. The underwriting margin percentage for the full-year 2018 was 17.8%, toward the higher end of the range provided on our last call. For 2019, we are estimating the underwriting percentage - margin percentage for the Direct Response to be approximately the same as in 2018, with a range between 17% and 18%. We also expect the underwriting margin percentage to be seasonally lower in the first two quarters versus the second half of the year. With respect to our stock compensation expense, we anticipated an increase during the fourth quarter of this year compared to last year, primarily attributable to the decrease in the tax rate and excess tax benefits in 2018. However, the expense for the fourth quarter was higher than we anticipated due to lower excess tax benefits than expected. The lower excess tax benefits were a direct result of the lower stock price in December, which greatly reduced the number of options exercised by our employees in the quarter. For 2019, at the midpoint of our guidance, we currently anticipate the expense to be approximately the same as in 2018. This is higher than our previous guidance and is primarily attributable to lower projection of the excess tax benefits for the year. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2019, we are projecting net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.50 to $6.70 for the year ended December 31, 2019. The $6.60 midpoint of this guidance is unchanged from our previous guidance. Those are my comments, I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Couple of questions, first on just Direct Response life margins. They have been better than expected the past couple of quarters. Do you expect them to improve off of the 4Q level or was that just an aberration in terms of loss trends?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. I think the fourth quarter is a little bit higher, kind of given some seasonality that we might see going forward, even though on some quarterly basis you might see the same percentage being in that range. I think overall for 2019, we really expect it to be pretty similar overall to what we saw in 2018. Somewhere there in the - between 17% and 18%.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on the agent count. It seems like your projections are a little optimistic given just what the recent results have been and also just the comments on labor market trends. What gives you the confidence that you can grow at the levels that you're suggesting in the various channels?
Gary Coleman: I think American Income is the primary focus, and American Income to increase our retention, we are changing our first year agent commission and bonuses attached to - there too, to encourage retention. We also have an increase of bonus for managers who are training new agents. We're bonusing middle managers and agency owners for recruiting and new agent retention, so we think those changes will lead to an increase in our agent count in 2019.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Just, say, a follow-up on the last question. When I think about some of the actions you're taking there with some of the bonuses and so forth, I mean, where do we expect that to come through? Does costs get amortized? Do those bonuses get paid as they make their first sales and they get amortized or is that part of sort of the expenses that you've included in all of your guidance you laid out today?
Gary Coleman: We are not increasing the amount of commission. We're just restructuring the commission to encourage the new agent production and new agent retention.
Frank Svoboda: And then, yes, Alex, many of those bonuses are directly tied into that particular sale. So they do get capitalized as part of our overall deferred acquisition cost calculation and amortized over time. And they are - those are all reflected in our guidance.
Alex Scott: So it's - overall those expenses aren't really going up, that is what you're saying? It's just sort of a restructuring of the allocation of them?
Larry Hutchison: That's right.
Alex Scott: And then maybe a high-level question on sort of spread compression. I know you guided excess investment income already, but I was just interested in - if you can talk about new money versus portfolio yield when you know - when in your base case you're expecting to get to a point where you have a more neutral impact from new investing and when spread compression sort of ends for you guys?
Gary Coleman: Alex, there is a little bit of - we are almost there, but there's a little bit of timing issue on the way the interest works through the net policy liabilities versus the assets. So we are - right now we're at a slight negative spread, but we expect that on average to become at least neutral in the next year or so, which means that most of our excess investment or almost all our excess investment income is coming from our equity assets. But within the next year, we should see improvement - or really 2020, we should see a point where we're getting back to where the investment rate is higher than what we're showing as a required interest.
Alex Scott: And then maybe one final one for me. Looks like lapses were - it ticked up a little bit here or there. I mean would just be interested to know if that's anything abnormal. I mean it looked like it was on first year policies, maybe that's just sort of normal fluctuation. Interested if there's any color you can provide on that.
Gary Coleman: Well, actually we - I think you're probably referring to Liberty National. At American Income we're actually continuing to see improvement in both first year and renewal rates, but we did - and we have seen in the last two quarters a tick-up in the lapsed rates for first year businesses at Liberty National. We don't think there is an issue there, but we've had sales growth in the last two or three years, and when you have higher sales growth you tend to - you tend to see a little bit tick-up in the first year rate, but that's something we'll continue to watch, but right now I think it's just a fluctuation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from John Nadel with UBS.
John Nadel: Maybe, Frank, I was hoping we could go through the sensitivities in some of your prepared remarks as it is related to the C1 factor changes and some stress analysis that you guys did on the portfolio. It seemed pretty consistent with some of the numbers that we were coming up with on our end. I'm just curious though, I understand that there's significant earnings power and, frankly, very predictable earnings power at the company, and you've got some borrowing capacity. I just wonder, under that kind of a stress scenario, and then you layer on C1 factor changes, how do you think - I mean, have you guys had conversations with the rating agencies as to how you think they would respond in that kind of scenario? Do you think incremental borrowings to shore up capital at the insurance entities would be met with stable ratings?
Frank Svoboda: We haven't been given any indication that if we were to increase borrowings to fulfill some capital obligations would be a problem within the rating agencies, especially to the extent that we are staying at or underneath the guidelines that they have already set up for us. And as we've talked on earlier calls, they like to see that debt-to-cap ratio be no greater than 30% to support our existing ratings. So, the one thing that gives us comfort is, as we think about some of the downgrades and defaults that they really should occur over a period of time, and as we take a look at the growth of our overall capital over a period of time, it should continue to grow. If we were to borrow $400 million, say, at the end of 2019, given our projected growth in our overall stockholders equity, we would still be a little less than 28% in our debt-to-cap ratio. So, that's kind of assuming really worse case, if all this happened now. If that happens over a period of several years that - our debt cap ratio will be coming down from its current levels and give us even more capacity. And I think - and I say that not from a standpoint that we want to use up all that capacity, but I think from a rating agency perspective that they would have comfort that we're not getting too close to that maximum amount
John Nadel: And then back to - flipping to your outlook for agent count growth, I think - I guess, similar question along the same lines as Jimmy. I know, Larry, you commented on American Income. Maybe that's an area that's a little bit more sensitive to employment levels, et cetera. Can you just maybe contrast why you feel like the growth rate target for agent count at Liberty and Family Heritage are, number one, obviously more robust; but number two, why your confidence is a little different there?
Larry Hutchison: There's the two agencies, Liberty and Family Heritage are much smaller agencies. So as a percentage of growth, for a base of 7,000 agents, American Income versus 2,000 agents of Liberty, we wouldn't expect the percentage to be the same. I think there's a difference in the three agencies too, as the American Income is located in urban areas versus the other two companies have more of a rural presence. Internet recruiting is a much bigger item for recruiting at American Income than the other two agencies. Why it seems low in employment, is it - those resumes continue to be contacted by other potential employers. So the drop we've seen in retention has been three-month retention not 12-month retention, but we are encouraged by is that we saw an increase in recruiting at American Income of 6% in 2018. Unfortunately, the terminations of those new agents was just above that level, and that's why we did not have agency growth. I think we'll see that settle down, I think with our initiatives, we'll see some agency growth in American Income this year.
John Nadel: And then last one is just on Direct Response. It seems like a flat underwriting margin outlook for 2019, at least relative to what you've seen the last couple of quarters, some real nice improvement or recovery. It seems like that's conservative. Is there anything sort of in the underlying mix that could say - actually, I don't know. Do you feel like that's a conservative outlook given what you've seen recently?
Gary Coleman: I think it's a pretty realistic outlook. If you look at our last several quarters, our policy obligations percentage has kind of stabilized in this 50 - between 54% to 55%. We've really - we've seen some settling down and normalization of some of our, I would call, non-medical type claims where we've seen some increases in that over the last couple of years. We just see that continuing on and we always have the potential of having, again, some higher quarter - individual quarters, but we think overall it still should be in that same area.
Frank Svoboda: John, I would add, I think we're pleased with where we are on Direct Response. So it's a pretty big shift to turn around. When you consider 2015 - '14, '15, and '16, we had a decline in earnings, so we had an increase in earnings this year as the margins improved. Next year, we're looking to grow premiums in the 2%, 3% range, we would expect the margins to grow in that same range. When you look back over the last few years that's - we feel very good about that. And we hope that acceleration would go on.
John Nadel: Yes. I was just going to ask, just as a quick follow-up. I mean, if you look out the next couple of years for Direct Response, do you see an opportunity for the margin, underwriting margin to return to sort of the pre - I don't know if you want to call it 2016 kind of level - to return to prior levels?
Frank Svoboda: Well, we don't project out that far, but I would assume it's going to stay more - more years now around the 18% level as posted, and I think we had 22%, 23% four or five years ago.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, this is Scott on behalf of Tom. I just have a question on free cash flow. If you could help us with, you know, what - how much of the - how much of that is impacted by new business strain? In other words, if you stopped growing, how much capital would you - how much cash flow would you be generating? And then will free cash flow ever - it seems like it's been pretty stable over time. Will we ever see a step function, higher or should we just expect it to be around these levels?
Frank Svoboda: I think, overall, I think from a free cash flow, on an expectation that - in kind of a normal and with a steady growth perspective, we would anticipate that free cash flow to slowly grow over time. And so it does definitely has that potential to continue to grow from the current levels. Where you do see reductions in the overall free cash flow is where we may have spikes in our sales and where we end up having a very high growth year than the expenses associated with putting on that higher growth in sales, tends to be that drag on the statutory earnings. And it does take a couple of years before the profits of the new sales and of those higher sales, payback, though - that front year investment and then it takes - takes several years, ultimately end up - totally negates it over a period of seven or eight years. I don't have the specific numbers as far as a certain level of sales and exactly what that has - what impact that has on the free cash flow, but clearly as our sales slow-down and that ends up helping our free cash flow a bit and we kind of catch up from the - on the profits that we - that are emerging on the prior year sales. And then if we end up having some good growth years, then that will tend to have a little bit of a drag on it as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'm showing no further questions in the queue.
Gary Coleman: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Bob Glasspiegel - Janney John Nadel - UBS Ryan Krueger - KBW
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP, Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2017 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $179 million or $1.55 per share compared to $153 million or $1.29 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $183 million or $1.59 per share, a per share increase of 29% from a year ago. Excluding the impact of tax reform, we estimate that the growth would have been approximately 10%. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of September 30, was 4.4%, and book value per share was $48.35. Excluding unrealized gains and losses of fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.7%, and book value per share grew 26% to $43.10. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $606 million and life underwriting margin was $169 million up 10% from a year ago. The growth in the underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins at American Income and Direct Response. For the year we expect life underwriting income to grow around 7%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $255 million and health underwriting margin was up 8% to $60 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins at Family Heritage and American Income. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow at around 8%. Administrative expenses were $56 million for the quarter, up 6% from a year ago and in-line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.5% compared to 6.4% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up around 5% and around 6.5% of premium compared to 6.4% in 2017. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $273 million and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $93 million. Net life sales were $55 million, down 5%. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 7,105 down 1% from a year ago but up 1% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 7,066. While we're still optimistic about American income's growth potential, we do have some great challenges. First we have opened 10 new offices this year. Well, this is great news because it supports sustainable long-term growth. It doesn't have production in the near-term as top middle managers leave existing offices to become agency owners in new offices. In addition, our economic conditions have historically, have a little impact on agent growth at American income unemployment is currently at a 50 year low. This is resulted in an uptick in new agent termination of rates due to the abundance of other career opportunities. There is one issue however that we do not consider to be a challenge. There have been reports and discussion recently regarding the potential impact of the Supreme Court ruling that prohibits public unions on assessing collective bargaining fees to non-union members. As we said on the last call, we do not believe this will have a significant impact at American income. We expect to see a reduction of only about 2% in American incomes overall lead production as a result of the ruling. In addition we do not expect an impact to the persistency of our in force business. These policies were individual policies, not tied to union membership. The premium to collect it directly from the individual policyholders. As we have discussed previously, the great majority of our new business leads are non-union leads. Furthermore, our union leads are more weighted towards private unions. Our American income is a Labor Advisory Board has significant representation from public unions, our penetration into public union membership has historically been low. There is no correlation between the makeup of our advisory board and our mix of business or leads. Actually, we believe the court's ruling creates an opportunity to accrue relationships with public unions as they make ways to incorporate programs that add value the union membership. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $70 million while life underwriting margin was down 11% to $17 million. Net life sales increased 1% to $12 million and net health sales were $5 million, up 4% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent account for the third quarter was 2,180, up 2% from a year ago and approximately the same as the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,021. In our direct response operations at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $208 million and life underwriting margin increased 27% to $39 million. Net life sales were down 4% to $30 million. We continue to refine and adjust our marketing programs in an effort to maximize the profitability of new business. At Family Heritage, the health premiums increased 8% to $69 million and health underwriting margin increased 14% to $17 million. Health net sales grew 13% to $16 million. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,086, up 6% from a year ago and up 3% in the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,143. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 7% to $96 million. Net health sales were $13 million, up 40% compared to the year ago quarter. To complete my discussion of the marketing operations, I will now provide some projections. We expect the producing agent count for each agency to be as follows. American Income at the end of 2018 around 7,000, for 2019 1% to 7% growth, Liberty National, at the end of 2018 around 2,250, for 2019 flat to 7% growth, Family Heritage at the end of 2018, around 1,185, for 2019 1% to 5% growth. Our approximate life net sales are expected to be as follows; American income for the full year of 2018, flat to 1% growth, for 2019, 3% to 7% growth, Liberty National, for the full year of 2018, 6% to 7% growth, for 2019, 6% to 10% growth. Direct Response for the full year of 2018, 6% to 9% decline, for 2019 flat to 4% growth. Total health net sales are expected to be as follows. Liberty National, for the full year 2018, 5% to 6% growth, for 2019, 4% to 8% growth, Family Heritage, for the full year of 2018, 7% to 9% growth, for 2019, 5% to 9% growth, United American Individual Medicare Supplement for the full year 2018, 20% to 22% growth, for 2019, 6% to 10% growth. Ill now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investments operations. First, excess investment income, excess investment income which we define as net investment income, less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt were $62 million, a 1% increase over the year ago quarter.  On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program excess investment income increased 6%. For the full year 2018, we expect excess investment income to grow about 2%, which result in a per share increase of about 5%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $16.8 billion including $15.5 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities $14.8 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus and below investment grade bonds are $682 million compared to $661 million, the year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4% same as year ago quarter. With a portfolio leverage of 3.1 times the percentage of the below investment grade bonds to equity excluding net unrealized gains of fixed maturities is 14%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+ same as year ago quarter. We had net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $769 million approximately $165 million lower than the previous quarter due primarily to changes in market interest rates. As investment yields in the third quarter, we invested $206 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.14% and an average rating of BBB+ and an average life 26 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.56% down 8 basis points from the 5.64% yield in the third quarter of 2017. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.56%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we are assuming an average fixed maturity new money rate of 5.2% in the fourth quarter and a weighted average rate of 5.4% in 2019. We were encouraged by the recent increase in interest rates, our new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses or interest rate driven, just we were not expect realize them, we have the intent and more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Now, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the third quarter, we spent $75 million to buy 877,000 Torchmark shares at an average price of $85.84. So far in October, we have spent $34 million to purchase 403,000 shares at an average price of $85.28, thus for the full year through today, we have spent $284 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 3.3 million shares at an average price of $85.51. These purchases are being made from the parent companys excess cash flow. The parent companys excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less fee interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect excess cash flow in 2018 to be around $340. With $284 million spent on share repurchases thus far, we can expect to have approximately $56 million dollars available to the parent for the remainder of the year from our excess cash flows plus other assets available to the parent. As noted on previous call, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million dollars of parent assets at the end of 2018 absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Looking forward to 2019, we preliminarily estimate that the excess cash flow available to the parent will be in the range of $345 million to $365 million. Now regarding capital levels that our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. For the past several years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. In light of the current tax reform legislation which changed the NAIC RBC factors and following discussions with our rating agencies, we are reducing the target to consolidated RBC ratio to be in the range of 300% to 320%. This does not represent an intent to hold lower statutory capital within the regulated subsidiaries, but simply reflects the fact that the amount of required capital which represents the denominator and net ratio has increased. In fact, the overall quality of statutory capital maintained with our insurance subsidiaries post-tax reform will be greater as deferred tax assets will have been replaced with invested assets. On September 27, 2018, Torchmark completed the issuance and sale of $550 million aggregate principal amount of 4.55% senior notes due in 2028. The company intends to use the net proceeds of approximately $543 million to redeem on October 29, for a price of $304 million, the 9.25% senior notes that were scheduled to mature in 2019, including a May call premium, as well as defined approximately $150 million of additional capital in the insurance company. The company also intends to utilize the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes including approximately $75 billion for the repayment of a portion of the company's outstanding commercial paper. Following the redemption of the 9.5% senior notes, Torchmarks debt-to-capital ratio should be below 25%, less than the 26% ratio carried prior to tax reform and less than the 30% ratio that supports our current ratings. With the additional capital in insurance companies our statutory capital will not only exceed previous levels but as previously noted the quality of the capital maintained will be greater. In conjunction with the new senior debt issuance each of our rating agencies Moody's, S&P and Fitch affirmed their existing ratings. Moodys also indicated that they were reducing the threshold RBC level for our current rating from 325% to 300% while A.M. Best affirmed its A- rating on our new debt issue, it is our understanding that their normal practice is to not formally review the negative value placed on our rating until their next regularly scheduled review in 2019. Next a few comments on our operations. With respect to our direct response operation, the underwriting margin as a percent of premium in the quarter was 19% compared to 16% in the year ago quarter. This was primarily attributable to favorable claims in the third quarter of this year compared to higher than normal claims in the third quarter of 2017. While the 19% margin percentage for the quarter was higher than we anticipated, it was within the overall range we expected. On our last call, we estimated that the underwriting margin percentage for the full year 2018 would be in the range of 16% to 18%. Now, for the full year 2018 we are estimating the underwriting margin percentage for direct response to be in the range of 17% to 18%. We are encouraged by the improved claims experience and the fact that the underwriting margin percentage for the last four quarters has averaged 17.6% while very early we think the margin percentage for direct response will remain in the 17% to 18% range in 2019. With respect to our stock compensation expense, consistent with previous quarters we saw an increase in the expense during the quarter, compared to the last year, primarily attributable to the decrease in the tax rate and excess tax benefits in 2018, as a result of the tax reform legislation. We still anticipate its best for 2018 to be approximately $22 million. For 2019, we expect the expense to be in the range of $19 million to $23 million. As Gary noted, our net operating earnings per share for the third quarter was $1.59, $0.04 higher than our internal estimate of $1.55 per share for the quarter. The excess earnings were primarily attributable to better than expected results, not only in our direct response operations, but also in our American income and family heritage channels. The underwriting margin percentage for each of these channels that the high end of our expectations and the results for American income and family heritage were at five-year highs. As such, we believe this favorable experience for the fluctuation and that underwriting margin percentages will revert to more normal levels in the fourth quarter. With respect to our earnings guidance for 2018 and 2019, we are projecting a net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.08 to $6.14 for the year ended December 31, 2018. This $6.11 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.01 increase over the prior quarter midpoint of $6.07 primarily attributable to the positive result in underwriting income, especially for our direct response and American income channels. For 2019, we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.45 to $6.75, an 8% increase at the midpoint from 2018. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: First on Liberty National. I guess life margins have deteriorated a bit year-to-date, this is followed a period of strong sales growth. So I was just hoping you could provide some more guidance on what dynamics you're seeing? And what you're assuming for margins in your 2019 guidance?
Gary Coleman: First of all, looking at the quarter-over-quarter the policy obligations is 38% - it was high for this year as compared to last year a 36% which was a low for 2017. So part of its - an unfavorable comparison. However we were expecting a lower policy obligation ratio in the third quarter this year because as just as the normal seasonal pattern - and that pattern didn't occur. So we expect - we do expect that a just fluctuation and it will return back in more of a normal pattern, but still because we have the higher order we're going to be able to get a higher ratio this year than we were in 2017. So, that's about a point difference in the margin. The other main difference in the Liberty National margins is in the non-deferred commissions and amortization. We're running about percentage point higher, running around 38% versus 37% last year. And the reason for that is because the amortization on the business in the previous years is higher than the amortization rate on the older airports bought the business that's running off. So in that we'll probably - that will continue. Looking forward, were at a - for the year we're about 24% underlining margin. We expect to end up around that for the year, and we're also in the 2019 we're expecting the amortization percentage to creep up a little bit. But we also expect that the policy obligations will revert back to more of the 36% range as opposed to 37%. So to sum that up, for 2019, were looking for the margins to stay at around that 24% level.
Frank Svoboda: Erik, the one thing that I would add to that is that we are seeing the non-deferred expenses creeping up just a little bit on that as well as we are expanding some of the sales there and our sales efforts and making some investments in both the agency, as well as technology investments to supporting those future sales, that we do look, having the future sales growth from that paying back on that over time.
Erik Bass: And then following the debt raise and the capital contribution, you'll have your RBC ratio in the range you talked about of the 300% to 320%, is how do you think about the need to maintain a buffer in that or where you fall in the range just for the potential impact of either, a credit market downturn and ratings downgrades? Or if there are C1 changes from the NAIC that come through?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we're very comfortable with our liquidity position if you will, and so I don't feel a strong need a whole lot of tougher buffer for some events that you know may or may not occur in the future. And so you know we've been at this time - at this general level of RBC for quite some time, we know that we have capacity within our debt-to-cap ratios, and still fitting within our overall from our rating agencies a perspective of probably about $500 million from where we kind of expect to be at the end of the year, run our debt-to-cap ratio was five years ago a little less than 25%, and once the 9.25% is actually redeemed, and so you kind of fall within that 30% ratio that our rating agencies like to see as a maximum we saw around $500 million of capacity there and we really have access to that just through our bank line. But even if we didn't have the bank line for some reason and access to the public markets, we know that we have free cash flow coming up in that $340 million, $360 million range, next year we would anticipate for the year after that. And so that just creates that added amount of liquidity for us. So I think all those together give us good comfort that if we do have some downgrades, if we do have some impairments, that we'll be able to deal with that when the time comes.
Gary Coleman: Erik, I would add that - that's how we view this historically. We consider the buffer the liquidity that we have - as Frank mentioned the ability to add debt but also the free cash flow, we know that free cash flow was there. We would rather wait until we know what the need is if there is a need, before we put capital to companies because as you know, once that money is down in the companies, lets say we put too much in, it's difficult to get that money back out because you have to go through the process of getting ordinary dividend and pretty good regulators. We feel very comfortable that we have more liquidity than we - than well have any kind of a need for but we don't see the point of putting it down to the companies until we actually need to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: My first question is just on the agent growth at American income. I appreciate the further comments on the union impact. I guess could you elaborate more on just why the decline in the number of agents in that business and some of the things that are going on?
Frank Svoboda: I think the challenge is how were going to increase the agent growth in the American income and as I stated in my comments, we've seen several factors this year that affected agent growth in a negative way. The first is the higher unemployment. Recruiting for the year at American Income is actually up 5%. Of course, your terminations have been a little higher than the growth in recruits, so we've had a flat agent count at year end. And as we go forward, we're changing our compensation system, improve our agent count and productivity. The changes include we're going to increase our new agent for share commission and new monthly bonuses for agents to encourage retention. Were increasing bonus for managers to train new agents. And lastly, were changing our bonuses for middle managers and agency owners for recruiting new agent retention. We think that will have a positive impact in 2019 our guidance for 2019 is 1% to 7% growth in the agent count at American Income.
Alex Scott: And then just in Direct Response, the increase in expected margins there, what is it about what you're seeing in the performance of the block that causes you to feel like the go forward expectations are increased? Is it lower incidence that's the sort of driving the favorable mortality and any additional color you can provide there that would be great.
Larry Hutchison: Yes, we've seen, were really seeing favorable experience really across most issue years as well as really no specific particular causes of death or product types or anything to that effect. So it's fairly broad. We've actually seen some improvements overall in the claims with respect to kind of - to say has been our problem issue years, that's 2010 to 2014 and we've talked a lot about over the past few years. And so we've seen some of the claims really moderate in those more recent issue years. So that gives us little bit more comfort that at least the claim level in general that we're kind of seeing then. Obviously we're going to see some fluctuations but that we should be able to maintain that. And looking forward into 2019, we will expect the first couple quarters to be a lower margins, higher claims just due to the normal seasonality and claims that running at same pattern that we would see that we saw this year.
Frank Svoboda: So Id add when we say, weve seen a lower claims, its really lower volume claims the average claimed dollars stays pretty much the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. I had a couple of questions. First, just on direct response sales, they've been weak. But I think the pace of decline has been decelerating a little bit. So what's your expectation of when they begin to turn and what do you think will drive that?
Gary Coleman: Jami, I think sales churn in early 2019. And we're seeing an increase in total inquiries in the insert media. We're seeing little bit higher mail volumes. So as we've adjusted our marketing we'll see higher sales in 2019.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then, on health sales, you've had pretty good sales, I guess in the last four quarters really. What's driving that? Is it mostly individual policies or group and what's your expectation for that business in 2019?
Frank Svoboda: So, saying the Medicares supplement sales 40% of the increase, and a cut 14% comes from the group and 46% comes from the individual Medicare supplement. So we've seen strong growth in individual sales for the last year because market conditions are favorable from a pricing standpoint, in addition we had good recurring results over the past several quarters and the group is really hard to forecast. The group sales tend to be an even and they're impacted by the size of the groups but we think we will have some growth in group sales in 2019. We just  its so hard to predict at this point in time. In the family heritage, really the increase is driven by group productivity and increase in number of agents and by productivity, it's the percentage of agents and the average premium written per agent is increased and that's what's driving the sales in the family earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: The bond refinancing, I mean even though you've issued a lot more than you are paying back, your overall interest costs go down and youll have $250 million to invest. So I have it as a decent bit accretive $0.11 to $0.12. Is that in your guidance?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Bob, it is in our guidance. And you know there is a portion of that thats probably going to that's maybe in your $250 million to invest that we're kind of pointing for CP reduction as well. So we're probably thinking you probably have $150 million to $200 million is actually probably going to give reinvested within the company.
Bob Glasspiegel: What's your CP rate these days?
Frank Svoboda: We've been a little bit north of two and a half here recently and that we do expect to tick up you know over the course of the remainder of this year than into 2009 along with changes in the bids.
Bob Glasspiegel: But you're sort of arbitraging your debt cost because I mean you're investing at two-digit say new money and your debt cost $490. So you pick up 30 bps on the excess that youre not repaying. And you are saving 500 bps on what you're repaying clearly a nice transaction. Are there any charges - I'm sorry, go ahead.
Frank Svoboda: Absolutely, we are seeing that, on that arbitrage as far as being able to reinvest a portion of that at a decent spread over what our borrowing costs were. And in the fourth quarter, Bob you were going I think your question, that when we actually redeem this, we will be making whole premium, and that make whole premium will be expense, but that will be expensed below the line if you will on the fourth quarter.
Bob Glasspiegel: And a little bit of extra interest per month, right, with the double
Gary Coleman: Yes, in the fourth quarter, roughly we actually have about $2 million of excess interest income, excuse me, interest expense in the fourth quarter, because we did have to double up on that debt here for - for a month. Now, portion of that will get reinvested and help on our investment results.
Bob Glasspiegel: I have about a $4 million pickup investment income, but I guess they got knocked down the CP, so maybe $2 million to $3 million pickup quarterly in investment income just from this just roughly, right.
Gary Coleman: Yes, that sounds fair.
Bob Glasspiegel: And last thing, your stat earnings must be growing a decent bid. We've had a growth penalty I mean hold them back free cash flow. So we passed a crossover point and the earnings from the past sort of flowing through offsetting the need for keeping more for growth or is there something else that's causing the bump up in dividends this year that you're looking for next year?
Frank Svoboda: I think that's fair. The general growth, so we're kind of anticipating our statutory earnings, Bob, its a little bit early yet year for 2018, but we expect them to be up probably $15 million to $20 million over where we were in 2017. For the most part, that's about a 4% growth. So you're growing pretty much in line with you overall growth and premiums. But clearly the moderation of our obligations where we've been having challenges in the past several years with a growing cost that a direct response, some of the moderating of those claims has clearly been helpful. The higher interest rate as well that's not going to help us much until 2019. That will be at least a positive, and then well see some incremental benefit from a lower tax rate in 2018 as well.
Bob Glasspiegel: So from here stat earnings should be able to grow in line with GAAP earnings?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think we would expect that, now if we do end up having some high growth years, you know that that will tend to work against that statutory earnings. But if sales are growing in those lower single-digit numbers and mid-single digit numbers, then youre not going to see it as quite as much stress on the statutory earnings.
Bob Glasspiegel: From your lips to God's ears if that problem develops? Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with UBS.
John Nadel: I'm not sure exactly how to follow up that last comment. And the first question I have is just thinking about the midpoint of the 2019 guide. I think its what $660 million. So, at that midpoint, how should we be thinking about the overall portfolio yield and impact on excess investment income? And then I assume the upper end and lower end of the range give some flexibility for new money yields or portfolio yields to shift a bit?
Frank Svoboda: John I think as far as portfolio yields - you know, we've been having declines We've been having declines in the year-over-year declines in the range of 9 basis points to 10 basis points. We've gone to a point now where we're investing in what's coming off portfolio that whereas we are 5.56% for this year, we think that at the end of next year the portfolio yield will be 5.53%, so rolling this is three basis points. So were getting to the - were getting that point where the portfolio yield and investment grade are getting very close.
John Nadel: That's helpful, that's a outlook that what we've got in terms of decline. The
Frank Svoboda: Ill just say, John, youre just thinking about - thinking about some of the sensitivities that from the - plus or minus 25 basis points on those new, on that new money yield over the course of the years, that is pivot about it $0.02 impact overall. When you think about the highs and the lows and what impact that might have so.
John Nadel: I mean, so, new cash flows to invest, I mean, other than the incremental investment you've got from the net debt.
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
John Nadel: The new cash flows to invest, what about $500 million, $600 million bucks, give or take, Im guessing?
Frank Svoboda: Well, next year well invest little over $1 billion, $1.2 billion or so. But as youre talking about new money, you're correct on that, because after - the department that weve been reinvested. First one, the maturity is less about $500 million.
John Nadel: And then, the second question is, I know it's early days yet. And this stuff is going to be ferreted out over the course of a, rather lengthy period of time but Gary or Frank, any early thoughts on conceptually or otherwise, how you think the new FASB long duration accounting standards are going to impact your financial statements?
Gary Coleman: Yes, it is pretty early. They did provide the final amendments here this quarter and that will be effective in 2021. And it really at this point in time, were still reviewing the amendments and determining what changes well ultimately need to make to our systems and processes to bill to the comply. So there will be a lot of work between now and then. You know I think at a very high level you have a couple of things that are changing and that a lot of changes in assumptions with respect to your future cash flows, changes to those assumptions will have to flow through net income and for at least you have the potential for some of that to get on loss. And then, the kind of the really the bigger change is going to be that youll revalue reserves quarterly using a current market rate. But at least, but those adjustments to the interest rate will flow through OCI so impact overall, current operation. So I think, in general, it looks like that that the companies that they may be right policies that have some of these margin risk benefits that are talked about in the guidance, may tend to have a little bit more volatility because those are just a little bit harder to nail down those the future assumptions on those future cash flows. You know with the nature of our products, again there is a lot of work and we really havent been able to see exactly what impact its going to have on us. But were hopeful that it may not be as volatile as we maybe once thought, but you know through the actual earnings you know and given the way that the guarantees come up.
John Nadel: We'll stay tuned and Im sure a lot more to go on that topic and I have just got one more for you guys. I appreciate the lower asset leverage of your operation, I appreciate the non-callable liabilities there being a complete lack of a run on the bank type of scenario or risk. But you do have a very heavy exposure within your investment grade portfolio, the BBB securities. So sort of circling back on. I think it was Erik's question earlier, because were getting very late in the cycle here. Is there any expectation of some sort of at the margin even portfolio reallocation to move credit quality maybe a little bit higher and protect capital ratios against the potential downturn?
Gary Coleman: Well, John, I think we - although we havent changed our overall investment philosophy, we have made a few tweaks in what we're doing. One is we've invested more in municipal bonds than we have in the past. I guess its little bit higher quality bonds. Also there are certain issuers that we may have invested in the past, we arent now because they have higher leverage or higher leverage than we prefer at this point in the cycle. So we have made some changes like that but in overall, the strategy is still the same.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I had a follow-up to Bobs question on - I guess on longer-term earnings generation. This year we saw a little bit of uplift from tax reform but fairly minor on a statutory basis given some of the cash tax changes. I'm just wondering if you look longer term will you see more of the tax benefits from tax reform start to emerge on a statutory basis over I guess over a much longer period of time?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we think youre right in the near term and kind of intermediate term, there will - we believe there will be incremental benefits from the tax reform. We've kind of estimated initially part of I think that $10 million to $15 million a year range. Once we get past year eight because there are certain transition rules as part of that tax reform that cause us to if you will pay back a portion of our of tax reserves over the first eight years. After that period of time then we'll start to see much more significant benefit as a result of the tax reform. That's probably the transition rules are probably costing us - will cost somewhere in that $19 million or $20 million range a year. So that would free up after the year eight.
Ryan Krueger: So once you get that pathway year eight you could see about $20 million or so kind of uptick immediately?
Frank Svoboda: That's right. And then, of course, statutory income grows and your overall taxable income base grows, that differential being able to pay at a 14% lower tax rate works in there as well. So you're going to be having that lift just on the growth of that earnings too.
Operator: Thank you. I'm currently showing no further questions in the queue. I'd now like to turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Gary Coleman: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 16:15:00) =====
Executives: Michael Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-Chairman and CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-Chairman and CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Ryan Krueger - KBW Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs John Nadel - UBS Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2017 10-K and in subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms, and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $184 million or $1.59 per share, compared to $140 million or $1.18 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $175 million or $1.51 per share and per share increase is 27% from a year ago. Excluding the impact of tax reform, we estimate that this growth would have been approximately 8%. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 12.2% and book value per share was $48.44. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share grew 26% from a year ago to $42.08. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $630 million and life underwriting margin was a $161 million, up 9% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth, due to higher margins at American Income and Direct Response. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 5% to 7%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 4% to $251 million, and health underwriting margin was up 8% to $60 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins at Family Heritage. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 6% to 8%. Administrative expenses were $55 million for the quarter, up 8% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.5% compared to 6.3% a year ago. For the full-year, we expect administrative expenses to be up 5% to 6% and around 6.5% of premium compared to 6.4% in 2017. I will now turn the call over Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $270 million and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $89 million. Net life sales were $60 million, up 5%. The producing agent count for the second quarter was 7,064, up 1% from a year ago, and up 4% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was7,143. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $69 million, while life underwriting margin was down 7% to $17 million. Net life sales increased 9% to $13 million, and net health sales were $5 million, up 9% from the year-ago quarter. The sales increase was driven primarily by growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 2,185, up 9% from a year ago, and up 5% compared to the first quarter. The producing agent count of Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,198. Our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 3% to $209 million, and life underwriting margin increased 21% to $36 million. Net life sales were down 5% to $35 million. As we have discussed on previous calls, the sales decline is by design. We continue to refine and adjust our marketing programs in an effort to maximize the profitability of new sales. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased to 8% to $68 million and health underwriting margin increased 14% to $16 million. Health net sales grew 10% to $16 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,052, up 2% from a year ago and up 6% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,090. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 3% to $94 million. Net health sales were $13 million, up 3% compared to the year-ago quarter. To complete my discussion on the market operations, I will now provide some projections. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at end of 2018 to be at the following ranges. American Income to 7,000 to 7,300; Liberty National 2,200 to 2,400; Family Heritage 1,060 to 1,210. Approximate life net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows: American Income, 4% to 8% growth; Liberty National, 8% to 12% growth; Direct Response, 7% to 10% decline. Health net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, 4% to 8% growth; Family Heritage, 5% to 9% growth; United American Individual Medicare supplement 10% to 10% growth. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations; first, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we defined as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $60 million, a 3% decrease over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was flat. Year-to-date, excess investment was up 1% in dollar to the 4% per share. For the full-year 2018, we expect excess investment income to grow by around 2%, which resulted per share increase of 4% to 5%. Now regarding the portfolio, invested assets were $16.1 billion, including $15.4 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $14.7 billion are investment grade, with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds were $688 million compared to $672 million a year ago. The percentage of low investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.5% compared to 4.6% a year-ago, with a lower portfolio leverage of 3.2 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 14%. Overall the total portfolio is rated BBB+, the same as the year-ago quarter. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $935 million approximately $732 million lower than a year ago due to primarily the changes in market interest rates. In the second quarter, we invested $182 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrials and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.16%, an average rating of BBB+, and an average life of 18 years. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.57%, down 11 basis points from the 5.68% yield in the second quarter of 2017. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.56%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we are assuming and an average new money rate of around 5% for the remainder of the year. We would like to see higher interest rates going forward. Higher new money rates have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate-driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent, and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the GAAP or statutory balance sheet, since we primarily sell noninterest-sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I will turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect excess cash flow in 2018, to be around $325 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year of $48 million, we currently expect to have around $375 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. In the second quarter, we spend $88 million to buy 1 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $84.54. So far in July, we have spent $20 million to purchase 243,000 shares at an average price of $83. Thus, for the full year through today, we have spent $195 million of parent company cash to acquire approximately 2.3 million shares at an average price of $85.16. These purchases were made from the parent company's excess cash flow. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of parent assets at the end of 2018, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now, regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. In light of the current tax reform legation and proposed investments to the NAIC RBC factors, we are having discussions with the rating agencies to determine the appropriate target consolidated RBC for our insurance subsidiaries going forward. We will continue our dialogue with them over the next several months before making any final decisions. In June, the NAIC issued adjustments to certain RBC factors to reflect the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. These new factors will be effective for 2018. Taking into account these new factors we have roughly estimated that our company auctioned level RBC ratio for the year-end 2018 could be in the range of 275 to 285%. As previously noted, we have not yet finalized our target RBC ratio. However if we were to set a target ratio of 300% to 325%, it would require a price point of 100 million to 225 million of additional capital. We understand that we may not be required to meet the appropriate target RBC ratio immediately and then we would be able to or could be allowed to reach the target over period of time. Given the fact it's actual form increase our GAAP tax lease substantially and thus lower our debt to capital ratio, we have additional borrowing capacity. Thus, we are confident that we can fund any amount to be contributed without a significant impact on our excess cash flow. Furthermore any additional borrowings that should not adversely impact earnings as the additional capital will be invested by the insurance companies in long duration assets. Next the few comments on our operations. With respect of our Direct Response operations, the underwriting margin as a percent of premium in the quarter was 17% compared to 15% in the year-ago quarter. This is primarily attributable to favorable claims in the second quarter of this year compared to higher than normal winner claims in the second quarter of 2017. On our last call we estimated that the underwriting margin percentage for the full-year 2018 would be in the range of 15% to 17%. Now for the full-year 2018, we are estimating the underwriting margin percentage for Direct Response to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We are encouraged by the improve clients experience and the fact that the underwriting margin percentage for the last four quarters has averaged 17%. We are obviously pleased with the underwriting income from Direct Response to increase again. With respect to our stock compensation expense we saw an increase during the quarter, primarily attributable to the decrease in the tax rate and excess tax benefits in 2018, as a result of the tax reform legislation. We are anticipating these expenses for the full year of 2018 to be in a range of $21 million to $23 million. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2018 we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $6.02 to $6.12 for the year ended December 31, 2018. The $6.07 midpoint of this guidance described for the $0.07 over the prior quarter midpoint of $6, primarily attributable to the continued positive outlook for underwriting income especially for our Direct Response channel. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: First on Direct Response, on the updated margin expectations, as we look beyond 2018, at this point would you expect the margins to continue to gradually move back up or as we think about that as something that would be more stable at this point?
Larry Hutchison: Good morning, Ryan. At this point of time with the information that we do have today, we do anticipate the margins really continuing is that 16% to 18% range. As always, we won't give really a guidance one year after, but looking forward we know that the new business that were putting on the books has a little bit of underwriting margin higher than that, but it will take some time for that to really I think bleed into the result.
Ryan Krueger: And then last quarter you've indicated interest in Gerber Life. As the sale process has continued to move forward, is that still a property that you're interested in acquiring and looking at?
Gary Coleman: Frank, why dont you take that question?
Frank Svoboda: Certainly, in accordance Ryan with our corporate policy, we are not addressing or taking any questions regarding any possible transactions prior to a formal announcement, if and when such an announcement is made.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So just on the potential acquisition, how do you think about your capacity to do a deal? And how large of a deal, you could do without really tapping into or without really issuing equity, so just using that and actually maybe using some of the capital capacity within your subsidiaries?
Larry Hutchison: Just in general terms with respect to any large transactions or potential acquisitions or whatever of course, any analysis we would do have to stand on its own as far as any merits are concern. We do look and we said we have around as of the end of the year, we anticipate we have around $700 million of debt capacity just to stay within some of the guidelines or rating agencies some established to keep our current ratings. I think as we noted on last call, that there is -- in connection with the acquisition at least in the past and as weve had -- well, as we said in the past, we would be able to probably go over that some of the guidelines that they established as long as we would have a plan to able to get back underneath those, using some of the cash flows from any required entity to get ourselves within our appropriate debt to capital ratio. So, thats probably the extent of what we can do without having issue some type of equity or without at least having to partner with somebody on some type of transaction.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on your margins overall in the life business are pretty good this quarter. But Liberty, the margin in the last couple of quarters have been weaker than they used to be, I think in the 24% to 25% range recently versus 27% plus in the past. Is there anything specific going on in terms of claims trends just normal possibly in the benefits ratio?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, we were -- the underwriting margin in second quarter was 24.5%, we were lower in that the first quarter because we had a high claims quarter, but we expect declines even out. But even as that, I think that our margin will be in the 24% to 25% rise for the year and last year was at 26% and the reason for the lower margin is the amortization, is little bit higher and thats because the volume in new business, we put on the books in recent years has little bit higher amortization rate than the older are running off. It's not a huge difference. It's a gradual trend. We were -- amortization was a 31% last year and it will be just below over 32% for this year. That along with the fact that our non-referred acquisition expenses are little higher, little over 6% now versus 5% last year, and that's due to the additional technology cost that in proven our agency operations. But that's just a -- that shouldn't go higher, so again getting back to it we are not in the 26% range where we were last year I think we're more than 24% to 25% range going forward.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just lastly on expectation for Direct Response sales, I think you mentioned that for this year you expect 8% to 10% 12% drop. You were down 11% year-to-date but were down only 5% in 2Q. So, are you expecting results to get worse from than 2Q in the second half? Or is your guidance is somewhat conservative?
Larry Hutchison: The guidance is we'll be down 7% to 10% for the entire year 2018. We dont expect the sales to get weaker, but lower volumes in the second half of the year in terms of the Direct Response. So I think that will be the early 2019, we start to see positive sales growth in a Direct Response channel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: You moved up the growth guidance for help underwriting margins pretty materially for the year. So just hoping you can talk about the drivers of better outlook for that business?
Gary Coleman: Erik, it's the -- the improved guidance, there is really -- we're experiencing little better claims experience than we expected. And it's been two quarters now and we expect that to continue for the year. And that's really not just a one particular distribution it's really across the board in terms of the Family Heritage, the other health or American Income and Liberty National. And so, we do there -- weve increased our underwriting income estimate.
Erik Bass: And your sales guidance for health was also pretty promising, I guess, should we expect premium growth to start to pick-up there as well?
Larry Hutchison: Within time here with some of that, but that will definitely flow through the additional premium growth here, probably not so much impacting this particularly year, maybe just a little bit of the year or the remainder of the year, but more in 2019.
Gary Coleman: Yes, Erik, last year health premiums grew to 3%. And I think if I 'm right, the midpoint of our guidance we're expecting more of a 4% or little bit higher increasing in 2018.
Erik Bass: And then just lastly and you mentioned in your discussion or your script that you have or having ongoing discussion with the rating agencies, I know A.M. Best recently put Torchmark on a negative outlook and I realize your business is much rating sensitive than many others. But how important is it for you to maintain the A+ rating? And again, what actions would you contemplate to do this, if needed?
Gary Coleman: Well, it's -- we would like to retain that rating, but it really even A.M. Best rating is not new that much in our marketing operations. So, it's -- if we had to down grade there to say, hey, I dont know that that would be a big effort. We would like to retain that rating, but I think as Frank has mentioned, we got to work with A.M Best, the other rating agencies. I think we feel like we have appropriate capital levels and I think we need to work with them to and make our case there as we see where we go. Frank, do you have any comments?
Frank Svoboda: I dont really have anything more to add to what you said. And we'll continue -- we would like to maintain where we're at, but we'll continue to work with them. And we do think that there are reasonable arrangements for why target levels could be able to bit less than 325% and we'll make our case and over this coming months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: I had a question about the, there is a recent Supreme Court ruling related public labor unions and just around collective bargaining fees. And I guess there's been some speculation that it could lead to reductions and just like the members of public sector labor unions. So the question I have for you guys was just. When I think about Torchmark's earnings stream and sales, how much of it currently comes from unions? And is there any way for you to help us to mention what portion comes from the public sector versus the private sector unions?
Gary Coleman: Lets try to address what percentage comes from the public sector versus the other unions, but currently of that 30% of the new business that we issued with American Income comes from the union relationship or union lease. And those still go last 10 years that percent only drop or dependent upon the referrals. And our certainly union relationships are important as only those referrals. The non-union members come from our union relationship. So, were hopeful that this will have a major impact on the public unions. But we have relationships of all the international and the local unions of the U.S. and so I don't see it have any material impact on Torchmark.
Alex Scott: And when I think about the enforce, if they were a greater than expected reduction in unions. Would it -- do you think would it affect persistency? And I guess specifically what I'm asking is, are the premiums paid by the union in some cases? Or are they paid by the individual in which case, maybe it would stay with them, even if it dropped out of the union?
Gary Coleman: The premiums were paid by the individuals not the union. And so, if there is a reduction in union members, it does have to do with the payment process.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with UBS.
John Nadel: I've got a just a couple of quick ones. One, Garry, I think you mentioned on excess investment income and expectation that in dollar terms, it would grow around 2% in 2018. I think in the first half of the year it's running at just about 1%. Whats the driver of the sort of acceleration? I know it's only modern. Is that just about new money yields being a bit better? Is it about cash flows being maybe stronger?
Gary Coleman: John, the new money would have a little bit of the impact would be small. I think the big impact is that we have a little bit of timing difference on the some non-fixed maturity income, limited partnership income we have, but a little bit lower in the second quarter and that should pick up. We should regain that in the second half of the year. I think that's the -- and also the interest expense on the short-term debt is going to stabilize, we believe itself. I think it's a combination of those two things that would give us -- that will give us 2% to 3% growth.
John Nadel: And then, I know in American Income and Liberty, there has been a pretty sizeable correlation off course it's been agent count growth or producing agent talent growth than sales growth. Family Heritage though we saw a pretty sizeable pick-up in sales growth than your agent account is growing, but not nearly as quickly. What sort of happening there? It seems like productivity is certainly improving. Is there something on the product offering side that has changed? Or is there something on the demand side that you think has changed?
Larry Hutchison: Something on the operating side, the products are basically the same but we've seen as an increase in the percentage of agents submitting business. We've also seen an increase in the average premium submitted for our agent. The emphasis should -- Family Heritage then have consistent in production, and so the emphasis is resulting an increase in percentage of agents producing. Long-term, it's a close correlation between agent growth and production, John. In the short-run, really its productivity has a bigger driver for quarter-to-quarter.
John Nadel: And then the last one maybe for Gary or Frank, what dialogue if you had to-date with the rating agencies? I was interested in your comment Frank that it sounds like you think there might be an opportunity to sort of raise your risk base capital level or recovery, if you will, the risk based capital ratio over a long-term period of time than necessarily having to get there by year-end 2018. Does that -- is that something that you are just speculating? Or is that something that you've had some initial discussions with the rating agencies around?
Gary Coleman: Yes, so far John, we've had -- we have to have discussions with Moody's and we've had discussions with A.M. Best obviously and at least there are some of those discussions with Moody's. They at least indicated the potential a little bit on a company-by-company basis and we have indicated that we would be outside of that realm. But that at least if there was a willingness to, if companies were coming in below their target RBCs for their ratings that there at least be some, some limited period of time that they would give out to replace that capital, generally giving some creases to the fact that, with the new tax law, generally it's considered to be a capital favorable or at least a credit favorable event. So, we build that, but again the companies would need to be making commitments and having some type of a plan in order to do so, in order for them to give a method of time. So, these still have in those indications.
John Nadel: And then at your current rating levels assuming they would downgrade, how much incremental borrowing capacity would you estimate Torchmark had?
Gary Coleman: Again, as by the time we get to the end of the year, we would estimate that we'd have above $700 million.
John Nadel: Right, okay, so this $100 million to $225 million estimate, really does not push you anywhere push you anywhere close to your upper limit, if you will?
Gary Coleman: Yes, thats the way were looking at it.
John Nadel: And from a cash flow coverage, you feel very comfortable with that too I assume.
Gary Coleman: Absolutely, we've been on a -- we're -- we currently have a cash flow coverage of about five times and its above what the rate agencies look for us to have, and we feel really comfortable with that. We also got some optimism knowing that our nine in a quarter debt that's coming due here in 2019. We're looking at that and evaluate that. But as we refinance that, we'll obviously be able to refinance that at a lower rate and that would give us some additional cushion, if you will on those coverage ratios.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Bob Glasspiegel: The outlook for Direct Responses since improved a little bit. Can you give us a little bit more color on whether it's pricing working its way through the system or just experience bottoming out? And how soon you think you can put your foot on the gas pedal on this one?
Frank Svoboda: Bob, with respect to what's really kind of drive the incremental guidance, there really is the claims settling in again in the second quarter, really did give us some additional confidence with respect to where those claims should emerge here for the remainder of 2018. In part, it's due to some of the changes that we did make overall to our marketing and underlying process is, but at this point in time, most of changes didnt go way into 2017. So, were not seeing a lot of experience from that again. So, a lot of it is really just a settling down with some of other claims in that 2011 to 2015 era of policy. So, again, that gives us some added comfort. With respect to the sales volume
Larry Hutchison: Sales volume, what were seeing for 2018 is that, our meeting enquiries fully down of our 1% or 2%. Our main volume will be down another 2% or 3%. For the same time, our electronic enquires were up 6% to 10% and circulation is up about 6% to 8%. And when we look at our most recent analysis of the profitability of capital increases in 2016 to '17 in all states, and were going to maximize total profits, were going to the previous phrase and certain those face. Those reduced rate we implemented at the end of third quarter and that will be -- that should result in a pickup in sales in the first or second quarter of next year. Any additional adjustments to rates will depend on future results. Were really focused on maximizing total profits, not try to just maximize the margin.
Gary Coleman: Bob, to summarize, well it's -- right now, the improvement is really but this -- frankly, it's in the lower claims. Now, we -- as we mentioned, we havent seen the full impact of the underwriting, it changes that we in prices, but what we have seen from those so far is positive. We dont give guidance past to year as far sales, but we think sales as Larry mentioned will increase. And so, we're really positive about of Direct Response and while we think the margin that we reached the bottom low as anything it will increase with best of the positive. We think with the improved sales growth, we'll get higher premium growth and the combination although that is very positive because we think we will see greater growth in underwriting income. After having two years where our underwriting income was declining, we're going to see growth this year and we think that growth will continue.
Bob Glasspiegel: And just a follow-up on Frank's color on potential borrowing, but I think you were seeing was you can now invest your cost of debt or roughly match it with whatever you borrow, so the income impact for borrowing wouldnt be material?
Frank Svoboda: I do think that's correct Bob.
Operator: [Operation Instructions] I am showing no more questions in the queue at this time.
Michael Majors: All right, thank you for joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Majors - Vice President, Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison - Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs Sam Hoffman - Lincoln Square Capital Management LLC Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introduction, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, VP Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2017 10-K on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms, and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $174 million or $1.49 per share, compared to $134 million or $1.11 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $172 million or $1.47 per share or per share increase of 28% from a year ago. Without the impact of tax reform, we estimate that the growth would have been approximately 9%. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of March 31 was 11.5% and book value per share was $50.13. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share grew 25% from a year ago to $40.94. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% to $598 million and life underwriting margin was $155 million, up 7% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth, due to higher margins at American Income and Direct Response. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 4% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $252 million, and health underwriting margin was up 9% to $58 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins at Family Heritage and American Income. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 4% to 5%. Administrative expenses were $55 million, up 7% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.5% compared to 6.3% a year ago. For the year, we expect administrative expenses to be around 6.4% of premium. I will now turn the call over Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $263 million and life underwriting margin was up 12% to $85 million. Net life sales were $55 million, up 3%. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 6,780, up 1% from a year ago, but down 3% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 6,947. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 1% to $70 million, while life underwriting margin was down 12% to $16 million. Net life sales increased 4% to $11 million, and net health sales were $5 million, up 11% from the year-ago quarter. The sales increase was driven primarily by growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 2,087, up 15% from a year ago, but down 1% compared to the fourth quarter. The producing agent count of Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,224. Our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 1% to $212 million, and life underwriting margin increased 14% to $34 million. Net life sales were down 17% to $32 million. As we have discussed on previous calls, the sales decline is by design. We continue to refine and adjust our marketing programs in an effort to maximize the profitability of new sales. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $66 million and health underwriting margin increased 41% to $16 million. Health net sales grew 1% to $13 million. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 988, up 11% from a year ago and down 14% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,026. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 2% to $94 million. Net health sales were $14 million, up 24% compared to the year-ago quarter, due to increases on both the group and individual Medicare supplement units. To complete my discussion on the market operations, I will now provide some forward-looking information. Approximate life net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows: American Income, 5% to 9% growth; Liberty National, 9% to 13% growth; Direct Response, 6% to 10% decline. Approximate health net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, 2% to 6% growth; Family Heritage, 5% to 9% growth; United American Individual Medicare supplement, 5% to 9% growth. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations; first, our excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $62 million, a 4% increase over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 8%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 3%. However, on a per share basis, we should see an increase of about 6%. And so our investment portfolio, invested assets were $16 billion, including $15.3 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $14.6 billion are investment grade, with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds were $688 million compared to $711 million a year ago. In the percentage of low investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.5% compared to 4.9% a year-ago, with a portfolio leverage of 3.2 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 14%. Overall the total portfolio is rated BBB+, the same as the year-ago quarter. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.4 billion, approximately $90 million higher than a year-ago. Regarding investment yield, in the first quarter we invested $359 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrials and tax immunities. We invested at an average yield of 4.46%, an average rating of A, and an average life of 23 years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.58%, down 12 basis points from the 5.7% yield in the first quarter of 2017. As of March 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.57%. For 2018, the midpoint of our current guidance assumes an average new money yield of 4.75% for the full year. We would like to see higher interest rates going forward. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate-driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent, and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the GAAP or statutory balance sheet, since we primarily sell noninterest-sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I will turn the call back to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $48 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate excess cash flow in 2018. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect excess cash flow in 2018, to be in the range of $325 million to $335 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $375 million to $385 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. In the first quarter, we spend $87 million to buy 1 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $86.32. So far in April, we have spent $18 million to purchase 220,000 shares. Thus, for the full year through today, we have spent $105 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 1.2 million shares at an average price of $85.40. These purchases were made from the parent company's excess cash flow. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of parent assets at the end of 2018, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now, regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. Our goal is to maintain capital at levels necessary to support our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. At December 31, 2017, our consolidated RBC ratio was 314%, a decrease from the prior year due to the reduction in deferred tax assets that resulted from the passage of the tax reform legislation at the end of last year. Even though lower than the 325% target, this capital level is 6.3 times the amount of capital required by our regulators. We are still on the early stages of determining the appropriate target consolidated RBC ratio for our insurance subsidiaries in 2018. We will have discussions with our rating agency and insurance regulators in the coming months. It remains unclear what changes the NAIC will make to the existing required capital factors or if such changes will be effective from 2018 or delayed until 2019. Thus, we are unsure at this time how our targeted capital levels will be impacted. In any instance, should we choose to make additional capital contributions, we are confident that we can fund any amount without a significant impact on our excess cash flow. Next, a few comments on our underwriting results. In the first quarter, we saw a decrease in the life underwriting margin percentage of Liberty National. The underwriting margin as a percent of premium was 24%, down from 27% in the year-ago quarter. This reflects higher policy obligations in the first quarter of 2018 as compared to those in the first quarter of 2017, which were lower than expected. While higher obligations in the first quarter of the year are generally expected, the claims in the first quarter of this year were higher than we've experienced in the past couple of years and higher than anticipated. At this time, we believe the higher claims with the fluctuations, and that for the full year 2018, the underwriting margin percentage will be in the range of 24% to 26% of premium. With respect of our Direct Response operations, the underwriting margin as a percent of premium in the quarter was 16% as compared to 14% in the year-ago quarter. This is primarily attributable to favorable claims in the first quarter of this year as compared to higher than normal claims in the first quarter of 2017. While the underwriting margin percentage was in line with our previous guidance, it was higher than we anticipated for the quarter. For the last four quarters, the underwriting margin has averaged 16% of premium. For the full year 2018, we are now estimating the underwriting margin for a Direct Response to be in the range of 15% to 17%, up slightly from our prior guidance. Finally, stock compensation expense net of tax increased substantially from the year-ago quarter. As noted on our last call, this is primarily attributable to lower tax benefits resulting from the new tax law. The net expense in the first quarter was in line with our expectations. We anticipate the net expense for 2018 to be in the range of $19 million to $23 million. Now with respect to our earnings guidance for 2018, we are projecting the net operating income per share will be in the range of $5.93 to $6.07 for the year ended December 31, 2018. The $6 midpoint of this guidance is unchanged from our previous guidance. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar from J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So first, I had a question on just your life sales, especially in Direct Response. I would have - and, obviously, you have been indicating that sales are going to be weak, because you're limiting marketing. But I would have thought that once you lapped through the difficult comps, then sales would begin to stabilize and that obviously hasn't happened. Are you still comfortable that you're going to start growing? I think you had mentioned before by 2018 or early 2019.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, this is Larry, I think that by early 2019 - we do expect this to be the low point of the year in a year-over-year comparison basis, the declines to soften throughout 2018 and be flat or close to flat by the fourth quarter. Year-over-year declines are primarily due to the higher rates and stricter underwriting implemented throughout 2017. The last of these changes were implemented effectively at the beginning of the first quarter of 2018. We continue to evaluate the results of these changes, determine if any additional adjustments need to be made.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then, any color on your health sales? They've been fairly strong. I think you had two double-digit growth quarters in the row. Is it something that you're doing on the product front or is it just the market conditions is what's really driving that and?
Larry Hutchison: I think market conditions are driving that. Our emphasis still remains on life sales, but we have a little stronger than expected health sales, particularly at Liberty National.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on stock options expense, that was actually fairly high this quarter. I think the $5 million, it's been - it wasn't even that for the whole year last year. What's your expectation for that? I think part of the reason for the increase is lower tax rate, so what's your expectation for that on a go-forward basis?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Jimmy, I think it should be around that $5 million per quarter. We anticipate for the year it should be in the range of $19 million to $23 million. And it does have some volatility in it, just because it does changes as our stock price changes, and depending upon actual stock option exercises during the year that has an impact on the excess tax benefits that runs into that number. But I think it is in line with what our expectations are for the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Hi. Thank you. Just given the favorable margins you saw in Direct Response this quarter and the change, and your expectation for the year there as well as I think you revised the target for health underwriting income up a little bit. Why not increase the midpoint of guidance for the full year? Is this just conservatism or do you see any offsetting negatives versus your prior expectations?
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Hi, Erik. I think there are several different moving parts with respect to the guidance. We did increase our expectation with respect to Direct Response just a little bit. We actually did lower them a little bit with respect to Liberty National as well due to some of their higher claims in the first quarter. And then we are seeing just a little bit of an uptick on the stock option or stock compensation expense for the year as well. Just kind of net-net, at this point in time still being early in the year, we're leaving it the same.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thank you. And you've talked previously about having debt capacity in the event of needing to rebuild your RBC ratio. And the debt to capital has come down as a result of tax reform. And so, what do you target for the leverage ratio longer term and then how much capacity does this give you?
Gary Coleman: Well, we do think by the end of 2018 that our debt/cap ratio will dip below 23%. That's definitely lower than what we had in quite a number of years. We do think that we have capacity to be able to stay within the guideline expressed by our rating agencies and to keep our existing ratings as of - by the end of the year that will actually be over $600 million. Now, so that amount of capacity. That wouldn't necessarily be the target that we'd want to go for. And we'll just have to see as the year plays out what our - how we might think about what our target ratio might be.
Erik Bass: Thank you. And then just last quickly, do you have any preliminary estimate of the potential impact on your RBC ratio from the proposed changes to the C-1 charges for investments?
Gary Coleman: Now, we really don't at this point in time. It's just too early and we just haven't received enough guidance from the NAIC to have a good indication of what they think that those changes might actually be.
Erik Bass: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, we have Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Robert Glasspiegel: Good morning, Torchmark. You were short of implying the lower margins in Liberty National as a surprise. I mean, it was a surprise going into the year. But we have had about as bad a flu season as you could have had. I actually was a bit reassured it wasn't worse. Am I looking at it the wrong way or?
Gary Coleman: No, Bob. Actually, we expect it to be higher in the first quarter. It's a little bit higher than our expectation. But if you go back and look at the history of Liberty National, the first quarter claims are usually higher. For the last five years, we've had policy obligations percentage, that's in the 39% range we had this quarter. The real difference was last year, it was low. It was at 37%. We expected a higher first quarter and for it to lower as the year goes on. And we expect to be at a 37% ratio for the year. So it wasn't that much of a surprise, but it was a little bit higher than what we expected. But we - again, we expect it to level out through the rest of the year and then we'll - the policy obligation ratio for the full year will be around 37%, which is what it has in the last few years.
Robert Glasspiegel: I may be beating a dead horse here, Gary, I apologize. But I'm just saying, going into the year, you did not expect the flu season to be the worst it's ever been. At the end of the quarter, when you realized the flu season was awful for the industry, it was still worse than you would have thought in light of a horrific flu season? I mean, I think we're going to see this from other companies as well. I mean, it's not a Liberty-National-specific issue. It was - first quarter, we had rotten weather and the flu was rampant, particularly in your regions. So, I mean, I don't think it's a bigger surprise, but it sounds like you're saying it was worse than you would have thought given how bad the flu season was or is it not what you're saying?
Larry Hutchison: Well, no, we didn't see that big of impact from the flu season in terms of the cause of deaths in the first quarter. So we really - we didn't - going into the quarter, we weren't sure what we'd have from the flu standpoint. We did not see a big uptick in flu-related claims. But the cause of deaths were pretty much as they always are. It's just the fact that - with that in mind, the total was little bit higher than what we would've expected. But we really - we did not get harder by those - by flu.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. I see there are trade publication stories that Nestl has put Gerber Life up for the market. I don't know whether the stories are confirmed or not. But would you potentially have interest if it was available?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Bob. We have seen those same announcements. I think Goldman had an announcement as well that they were going to put it up for sale. And we talked in the past that Gerber does fit the profile of the sort of the company that we would generally be interested in. It has protection products, certainly in the middle income market, and does have a control distribution. So I think at least at this point in time, we'd be interested. Best to our knowledge, no process has started at this point in time.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. Good luck on that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alex Scott of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First question was just on tech [ph] expenses. It looks like across some of your expenses were a little higher at the margin. And I guess like the overall like corporate admin expenses would have been higher. Just wondering what's sort of baked into your 2018 guidance for sort of a year-over-year headwind, if there is any from tax expense. And are we sort of at a peak levels and that would decline from here? Or should we just kind of think that, that all will continue to slowly pick up as you kind of integrate systems, et cetera?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, just - Alex, just to clarify, I understand on the admin expenses, but you said tax expenses, our non-deferred acquisition expenses? Is that what you meant or?
Alex Scott: Yeah, yeah.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, okay. And I think - yeah, we are seeing a little bit of an uptick on our non-deferred acquisition expenses, really reflecting to the large part two things, and this is really true with respect to our admin expense as well, both an uptick in our pension expenses as well as an uptick in our IT-related expenses. So we have been investing a fair amount on agency IT systems as well as analytics and security, and other modernization initiatives across the organization. And so we do have larger than normal increases, if you will, as some of those projects come onboard and the depreciation started to take hold.
Alex Scott: And so, would you consider this to be more of like a peak year in terms of the level of those expenses and it would fade from here? Or is that something that will just remain for a while?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, I wouldn't anticipate that the level of - increases would continue going forward, and that we would expect them to be at about this level or - and they would - yeah, we would anticipate some at least slight growth over time as we continue to invest. But - and then on the pension expense, obviously, that is more reliant on how interest rates behave and the changes in those rates and the impact that that has on our overall pension expense.
Alex Scott: Okay. Thanks for that. And second question, just on some of your health products, have you taken any pricing action or do you plan to take any pricing action, just related tax reform or any other factors?
Gary Coleman: No, not at this point in time. It is something that we will continue to look at. We continue to look especially on our health and in the Med-sup lines, from a competitive perspective. And we'll just continue to evaluate that as the year goes on.
Alex Scott: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sam Hoffman of Lincoln Square.
Sam Hoffman: Good morning. I just had a question on - to ask you if you could clarify how you determine your capital needs and free cash flow. Is it going to be based on RBC, and any changes that NAIC makes to the formula? Or is it going to be based on rating agency capital models and the guidance they give you on ratings?
Larry Hutchison: Yeah, so I think with respect to our excess free cash flow, initially, the levels of that are all based upon the amount of dividends that we have available to be paid out of our insurance company less than the interest that we have on our debt and the dividends that we pay to our shareholders. So - and then as we think about, do we need to put - use some of that to support our capital level, we're - it's going to be based upon discussions with our regulators to make sure that as we look - as we do look at what the change in the factors are, what are those adequate amount or appropriate amounts of capital for us to maintain given our risk profile. Once we're satisfied with where the regulators are, we will continue to have those discussions with rating agency and then make those determinations with respect to what are the appropriate levels of capital to maintain or to reach desired levels of our rating. So it will all take into - it will take into account those discussions with the rating agencies as well as the regulators just based on what we all agree as a - together with respect to what appropriate level we would need to maintain.
Sam Hoffman: So do you see all the - this, the regulators change the RBC formula, do you think the rating agencies will change their view in terms of the amount of capital, they'll require you to hold?
Larry Hutchison: I really can't say at this point in time. It's too early to tell. Some of the rating agencies have their own model, so that they - it may not have much of an impact at all. Some of the other rating agencies do rely more on the NAIC RBC formula. And we haven't had any meaningful discussions with them at this point in time to really get a true understanding in our situation of how they want to think about it.
Sam Hoffman: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I had a follow-up question on potential M&A. I guess, to the extent a transaction was available, can you discuss how much balance sheet capacity you would expect to have to be able to do a M&A transaction? And, I guess, if you'd be willing to either suspend share repurchase or issue equity to fund the deal if it was on the larger end?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Ryan. With respect to total debt capacity, as indicated earlier that we probably have about $600 million to maintain with existing limits that are been set out by our rating agencies. It would be, if the right situation came around and we were - and we needed to use some of our excess cash flows to fund an acquisition, we would be willing to do so, as long as it made financial sense. So, obviously, as we modeled out any type of acquisition, we would simply be looking at what's the best way to finance that? Is it straight debt? Is it a combination of debt and use of our free cash flows or do we use all of our free cash flows? And have to work that all into the analysis to determine, just to make that it would make sense for our shareholders.
Gary Coleman: Ryan, it also makes the differences to which kind of company we're looking at. We said in the past that we're looking at companies that are in generally the middle income market with capital distribution, selling similar products. And those companies tend to have a strong cash flow. Although, Frank mentioned the $600 million of - yes, we could probably even borrow more than that if we can demonstrate that we can pay it back fairly quickly from the cash from the company we acquire. So I wouldn't say $600 million is the limit. I think we could probably go more than that depending on the type of company that we would purchase.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thanks. And then, you had previously talked, I think about a potential reduction in the RBC ratio of 40 to 60 points if tax reform was incorporated. Have you been able to evaluate the potential impact based on the updated proposals from the NAIC that would kind of partially mitigate the impact?
Gary Coleman: We have not updated to give you those initial calculations at all at this point in time. I do understand that they're at least considering pullback on some of those factors and they may not actually be as severe as what some initial factors that they had issued. I have also seen where the Academy of Actuaries has at least recommended that they redo their models and come up with some new factors. So that's why it's really kind of up in the air at this point in time.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Sir, at this time, I am showing no further questions in the queue.
Michael Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-Chairman and CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-Chairman and CEO Frank Svoboda - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Ryan Krueger - KBW Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introduction, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchinson, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2016 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $1.27 billion or $8.71 per share, compared to $135 million or $1.12 per share a year ago. The increase is due primarily to the reduction of the parity contacts liabilities, resulting from the tax legislation passed late in 2017. While we view tax reform as being very beneficial to Torchmark and its shareholders in the long run, the positive impact of the new lower tax rates on current taxes paid will be largely offset by the expanded tax base over the next several years. Frank will discuss this in more detail in his comments. Without the impact of tax reform, net income for the fourth quarter would have been $153 million or $1.30 per share. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $147 million or $1.24 per share, a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 31 was 28.2% and book value per share was $52.95. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities and the impact of tax reform, return on equity was 14.4%, and book value per share was $34.68, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 6% to $581 million and life underwriting margin was $160 million, up 12% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth, due primarily to favorable results in direct response and to a lesser extent, American Income. In 2018, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 4% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $246 million, while health underwriting margin was up 4% to $55 million. In 2018, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 3% to 5%. Administrative expenses were $55 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.4% a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $211 million or 6.4% of premium. In 2018, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 6%, and to remain around 6.5% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $258 million and life underwriting margin was up 14% to $86 million. Net life sales were $56 million, up 7% due primarily to higher agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 6,959, up 1% from a year ago and down 3% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,880. Life sales for the full year 2017 grew 6%. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $69 million, while life underwriting margin was down 3% to $18 million. Net life sales increased 19% to $12 million, while net health sales were $6 million, up 21% from the year-ago quarter. The sales increase was driven primarily by growth in agent count and worksite activity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,112, up 19% from a year ago, but down 1% compared to the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,106. Life net sales for the full year 2017 grew 17%. Health net sales for the full year 2017 grew 5%. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $199 million. Net life sales were down 15% to $29 million. For the full year of 2017, life sales declined 10%. As we have discussed on previous calls, the sales decline is intentional. We have made operational changes designed to improve profitability in certain segments. Our primary marketing focus is to grow overall new business profits by maximizing margin dollars rather than emphasizing sales levels or margins as a percentage of premium. We are pleased with the increase in profit margins. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $65 million and health underwriting margin increased 9% to $15 million. Health net sales grew 12% to $15 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,026, up 8% from a year ago and approximately the same as the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,076. Health sales for the full year 2017 grew 10%. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 3% to $92 million. Net health sales were $28 million, up 17% compared to the year ago quarter, due to increases in both the group and individual Medicare supplement units. To complete my discussion for the market operations, I'll now provide some forward-looking information. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2018 to be in the following ranges; American Income, 7,000 to 7,400; Liberty National, 2,300 to 2,500; Family Heritage, 1,125 to 1,185. Approximate life net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows; American Income, 6% to 10% growth; Liberty National, 11% to 15% growth; Direct Response, 1% to 9% decline. Health net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows; Liberty National, 1% to 5% growth; Family Heritage, 3% to 7% growth; United American Individual Medicare supplement, 4% to 8% growth. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $58 million, a 1% decrease over the year ago quarter. The decrease is due in part to the negative carry from the earlier refinancing of a debt issue. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 2%. In 2018, we expect excess investment income to grow around 3%. However, on a per share basis, we expect the increase to be around 6% to 7%. In our investment portfolio, invested assets were $15.8 billion, including $15 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $14.3 billion are investment grade, with an with average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds were $702 million compared to $751 million a year ago. The percentage of low investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.7%, compared to 5.3% a year ago. And with a portfolio leverage of 3.2 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, same as the year ago quarter. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $2 billion, approximately $916 million higher than a year ago. Regarding investment yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $262 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.36%, an average rating of BBB+, and an average life of 25 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.61%, down 14 basis points from the 5.75% yield in the fourth quarter of 2016. As of December 31st, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.60%. For 2018, the midpoint of our current guidance assumes an increasing new money yield throughout the year, averaging 4.75% for the full year. We were encouraged by the prospect of higher long-term interest rates. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate-driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent, and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell noninterest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would definitely benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the fourth quarter, we spent $82 million to buy 950,000 Torchmark shares at an average price of $86.06. For the full year 2017, we spent $325 million of parent company cash to acquire 4.1 million shares at an average price of $78.67. So far in 2018, we have spent $26.8 million to purchase 292,000 shares. These purchases are being made from the parent company's excess cash flow. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $48 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate excess cash flow in 2018. The parent company's excess cash flow as we define it, results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2017 statutory earnings had not yet been finalized, we expect excess cash flow in 2018 to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million. Thus, including the assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $378 million to $380 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of parent assets at the end of the year -- end of 2018, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Next, a few comments on the new tax legislation. As you know, on December 22nd, 2017, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act was signed into law. This legislation significantly revises corporate income tax rates from 35% to 21% and makes other changes affecting the Tax Law. Overall, the legislation will provide significant long-term benefits to Torchmark, since the future profits of the business will be taxed at the lower rate, benefiting our long-term shareholders. The tax rate reduction required the company to make a one-time adjustment to reduce the deferred income tax liability carried on the GAAP financial statements. This adjustment, along with other one-time adjustments, resulted in a non-recurring GAAP tax benefit of $874 million recorded in the fourth quarter, approximately $275 million of which related to unrealized gains on fixed maturity investments. The entire $874 million adjustment was treated as a non-operating item. But as noted earlier by Gary, increased the GAAP net income per share significantly. The task adjustment also increased our book value per share in December 31st, 2017 by $5.09 or approximately 15%. Looking forward, we expect our 2018 operating income effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 20%, resulting in an expected increase in net operating income of approximately 17%. While the new tax rate will result in a lower GAAP tax expense, cash taxes paid will not show a similar reduction in the near or intermediate term. On a cash tax basis, the lower tax rate will be virtually offset by provisions of the new legislation that limit the tax deduction for policy reserves and acquisition costs. As such, we do not expect a significant increase in statutory earnings from the lower tax rates. In addition, the lower tax rate will have a negative impact on our insurance company statutory capital by reducing their deferred tax assets. Although we have not completed the statutory filings for our insurance subsidiaries, we expect the reduction in total statutory capital to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million as of December 31st, 2017. Thus, in short, the GAAP tax rate will decline by 12 to 13 basis points, but in the intermediate-term, cash taxes will only be slightly lower, and we may be required to infuse capital into our insurance subsidiaries over time, to make up for the lower deferred tax assets. In the coming months, we will evaluate further the short and long-term effects of the new tax legislation on our operations. Now, regarding capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to return -- to retain our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. While our 2017 statutory financial statements are not finalized, we anticipate that our consolidated RBC ratio will be in the range of 300% to 310% of company action level RBC, reflecting roughly a 30 basis point reduction in the ratio as a result of the reduction in deferred tax assets previously discussed. Should the NAIC adjust the RBC factors in 2018, as is expected, to take into account the lower tax rate, we would expect a further reduction of approximately 45 basis points in our RBC ratio for the year end in December 31st, 2018. We are still in the early stages of determining the appropriate target RBC ratio for our insurance subsidiaries in 2018 in light of the tax legislation and we'll need to have discussions with our rating agencies and regulators on the topic. Should we choose to make additional capital contributions, we are confident that we can fund any required amounts without a significant impact on our excess cash flow. Next, a few comments to provide an update on our Direct Response operations. In the fourth quarter, we again saw growth in the Direct Response underwriting margin. The underwriting margin, as a percent of premium, was 18.4%, up from 15.1% in the year ago quarter. This reflects higher-than-normal policy obligations in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to lower policy obligations in the fourth quarter of 2017. While the lower policy obligations were generally expected due to seasonality, the overall underwriting margin percentage for the fourth quarter was at the high end of our expectations. The underwriting margin percentage for the full year 2017 was 15.6%, toward the higher end of the range provided on previous calls. For 2018, we are estimating the underwriting margin percentage for Direct Response to be approximately the same as in 2017, in the 14.5% to 16.5% range. We also expect the underwriting margin percentage to be seasonally low in the first half of the year and then higher in the second half of the year. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2018, we are projecting the net operating income from continuing operations per share will be in the range of $5.90 to $6.10 for the year ended December 31st, 2018. The $6 per share midpoint of this guidance reflects a 24% increase over the 2017 earnings per share of $4.82. The increase is primarily attributable to the lower tax rate in 2018, offset by higher after-tax compensation expense due to the lower tax benefits. We now estimate that our stock compensation expense will be in the range of $18 million to $22 million as compared to approximately $5 million, absent tax reform. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. I had a question, first on just the capital and cash flow. What are some of the actions that you're considering to replenish capital at the subs? And do you expect this to sort of affect share buybacks, especially if the rating agencies don't change their RBC thresholds?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. At this point in time, yes, they really indicated, we still have some work to determine what we think are really the appropriate target RBC levels for the organization, given the changes in the tax rates. We have yet to have any real in-depth discussions with the rating agencies with respect to any anticipated levels. We do think, that to the extent that we do need to put in any additional capital to at least make up for the lower deferred tax assets that we can -- we're really taking a look at being able to do that through some type of a debt financing rather than through our excess cash flows, but that will have to be something we'll have to work through.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the Direct Response business, your margins improved. I think this is the third straight quarter that they improved and the magnitude of the improvement was higher this quarter than in the past few. Is that just because of the actions that you've been taken on limiting marketing and pricing? Or was there like an aberration or something else that helped the results this quarter?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I think, as far as the impact on the fourth quarter, it's more just the fact that we had -- the claims came in a little bit lower than we expected on the overall block. The changes that we're making in sales, we are seeing higher profit margins on new business sold, but the contribution to margin, new business in one -- in the first year is not that high. So, the increase in the fourth quarter really is more due to the lower claims.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, part of that, Jimmy, is also, just the seasonality. We really didn't expect the policy obligation percentage in the fourth quarter to probably be around that 55%, maybe 56% range, came in around 54%. So, it was -- really, it's the low end of what our expectations where. But we were expecting improvement there in the fourth quarter. Now again, as we look to 2018, we've really -- we expect some high seasonal clients in the first half of the year, so we kind of expect that underwriting margin percentage to be a little lower in the first half and then come back up again in the second half of the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly, I don't know if you mentioned and I missed it, but what's the tax rate that you're embedding in your new EPS guidance?
Frank Svoboda: Between 19% and 20%.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Torchmark, and thank you for the extensive tax discussion. Believe it or not, I have one follow-up question on that. That is, I'm just trying to understand, help me on how the rating agencies and the regulators would look at an event that causes your GAAP earnings to go up, your GAAP equity to go up, you're -- over time, your GAAP taxes paid to go down, although not over the short to intermediate term. Why would you need more capital when all those events are happening? Are we assuming they just look at historic math formulas, or are they actually thinking intellectually about how these things interplay?
Gary Coleman: Bob, we had a lot of those same questions. And that's one thing we -- as Frank mentioned, we haven't talking -- talked to the rating agencies yet, but that's -- I think that would be a part of our discussion when we talk to -- Frank, do you have anything to--
Frank Svoboda: Yes, no. It's just kind of one of those funny anomalies of where the tax rate goes down, which should be good long-term benefit, but you have required additional capital. So, there's are some of the questions that we'll have to get answered.
Bob Glasspiegel: But you think there is a chance that logic would prevail, or you think the more likely scenario is that they blindly hold to their math calculations?
Gary Coleman: I think, Bob, for us, it's -- we don't have enough information to know. We -- again, we haven't have discussions with them, so we'll just have to wait and see.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi. I was hoping you can touch on how much that capacity you believe you have at this point. I know one thing that happened with tax reform was, you've got a meaningful uplift to GAAP book value. Can you talk a little about where you -- where the debt to cap could go, and how you are thinking about debt capacity?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. Our debt to cap ratio at the end of 2017 is going to be a little under 24%, and we really -- we're projecting that the ratio will go down below 23% by the end of 2018. We looked at that and just -- and if we were going to bring our debt to cap ratio back up to some of the level that we've had the last couple of years, which has been around 26%, we'd probably have around $300 million of capacity, just to keep it at that level. And then, if our discussion with the rating agencies, we usually have a higher kind of limit, if you will, with respect our debt to cap ratio before they would be too concerned about it, so that would give us some -- even additional capacity above that, if we think if we needed it.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. And you did not -- is it correct that you did not assume any debt issuance in your EPS guidance at this point for 2018?
Larry Hutchison: That is correct.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then last one was on the -- the free cash flow guidance for -- of $320 million to $330 million for 2018. It's obviously more based on the 2017 financials. If we roll it forward another year and taking into consideration changes in cash taxes, would you still expect a similar amount of free cash flow as 2018 and into 2019?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. With all thing else being equal, from a statutory earnings perspective, looking forward a year, we really anticipate probably between $5 million and $10 million of lower cash taxes, solely because of the tax reform. So, we think it could be a slight uptick from that perspective and then obviously there's several other items in there that could affect the cash flow going forward. But we would expect it to be at that level or starting to tick-up a little bit from there.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Good morning. Had a question on RBC. Just in light of, I guess, you guys having done a bit less of the XXX transactions and sort of statutory capital optimization and I know, the NICs, I guess looking at a wide range of options, with a group capital calculation. If one of those things I think is sort of applying PBR to kind of level the playing field between those that have used XXX and AXXX and those that haven't. If you apply that sort of methodology, how much of a benefit would that be for you guys, just in thinking about like, surplus or how much of your reserves would decline if you use PBR? Just like, rough, rough numbers? I just want to get a feel for if something like that was occurring, would that just totally alleviate any kind of issues you had around, like in RBC, like optically declining around tax rates -- or tax reform?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. The PBR that's come out, it's really more focused on some of the aggressive term insurance and the UL products and secondary guarantees. Products that we don't write. So, we have a few blocks of business where PBR will come into effect, but it is pretty minimal. And at this point in time, we really don't anticipate that PBR will have much -- any real material impact on the amount of our statutory reserves.
Alex Scott: Okay. And I guess, second question, just on the guide for 2018. The updated guide versus the guide you provided previously. I mean, there, could you highlight just if there are any other sort of adjustments, moving parts in there other than just the tax rate? And how to think about those?
Larry Hutchison: Sure. Really, from the previous guidance, we really saw a little bit better experience on the health lines, so we are kind of following that into 2018. So, we are expecting a little bit, I think that overall, the margins to be -- for the overall, on health side, to be pretty similar to where they are in 2017. That was actually a little bit of an improvement from what we had anticipated back in October. So, the experience that we saw in the fourth quarter kind of helped us with that. But then that uptick, maybe offset a little bit, due to some higher administrative expenses. We're looking -- our pension expense is going to be going up a little bit again in 2018, so that will be a little bit of a headwind. Short-term interest rates, affecting our short-term debt, those costs, that will have a bit of our higher interest expense as well and then of course, for some of the higher share price, a little bit of a drag with respect to the impact of the buyback program. And then we really look at the option expense. And I think one of the items that really looked at is, while the increase in the -- or the decrease in overall tax rates gave us about $1 of additional earnings per share from just a change in the rate. The excess tax benefits that we've had, that's an offset against our stock option expense. Of course, we have, with respect to the stock option expense, you have a lower tax benefit, plus we have lower excess tax benefits. So, that's what's kind of helping to -- or causing that decline of the overall impact at the tax benefit -- of the tax rate.
Alex Scott: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. I wanted to follow-up on the tax rate. Is the primary reason for the tax rate being lower than on the statutory rate of 21%, just tax preferred investments, like Build America Bonds or is there something else as well?
Frank Svoboda: It's primarily low-income housing tax credit investments that we've made over the years.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, and how should we think about the duration of those? Is that something that comes into play in your tax rate over the next two to three years? Or are they longer duration, so you shouldn't expect much of a change in the 2019 to 2020?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, a longer duration of those, we continue to build the portfolio over the years. They generally receive credits over 10 years. 10 to 12 years, is -- there's a little bit of a grayed-in period. So, there's still several years out, with respect to those benefits.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Mike Majors: All right, thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - Vice President, Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chief Executive Officers Larry Hutchison - Co-Chief Executive Officers Frank Svoboda - Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - J. P. Morgan Eric Bass - Autonomous Research Ryan Krueger - KBW Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Alex Scott - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2016 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and Web site for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $153 million or $1.29 per share, a 30% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $146 million or $1.23 per share, a per share increase of 7% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 30th was 11.7% and book value per share was $43.78. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.4% and book value per share was $34.27, an 8% increase from a year ago. In the life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $576 million and life underwriting margin was $153 million, up 7% from year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due primarily to favorable results at American Income and to a lesser extent Direct Response. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 4% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $243 million, while health underwriting margin was up 5% to $56 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due primarily to favorable claims experience. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 3% to 5%. Administrative expenses were $52 million for the quarter, up 6% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premiums from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.4% compared to 6.3% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be around 6.4% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $253 million and life underwriting margin was up 13% to $83 million. Net life sales were $57 million, up 10%, primarily because we have a higher concentration as other agents at a year ago. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 7,165, up 2% from a year ago and up 2% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 6,981. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $69 million, while life underwriting margin was down 6% to $19 million. Net life sales increased 19% to $12 million, while net health sales were $5 million, up 9% from year-ago quarter. The sales increase was driven primarily by growth in agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,132, up 19% from a year-ago and up 6% compared to the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,123. We continue to be encouraged by the positive results at Liberty National. In our Direct Response operation at Global Life, life premiums were up 4% to $200 million. Although, net life sales were down 11% to $31 million, life underwriting margin increased 7% to $31 million. The actions we have been taken that have resulted in reduced sales have increased margins in total dollars. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $64 million and health underwriting margin increased 11% to $15 million. Health net sales grew 2% to $14 million. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,024, up 4% from a year ago and down 1% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,030. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 1% to $89 million. Net health sales were $9 million, down 8% compared to the year-ago quarter. To complete my discussion of the marketing operations, I will now provide some forward-looking information. We expect to producing agent count for each agency to be in the following ranges; at American Income for the full year 2017, 7,000 to 7,200; for 2018, 7,200 to 7,500; at Liberty National for the full year 2017, 2,050 to 2,150; for 2018, 2,100 to 2,300; at Family Heritage, for the full year 2017, 1,020 to 1, 060; for 2018, 1,090 to 1,150. Approximate Life net sales are expected to be as follows; at American Income for the full 2017, 7% growth; for 2018, 6% to 10%; at Liberty National for the full year 2017, 16% growth; for 2018, 10% to 14%; in Direct Response, for the year of 2017, 10% decline; for 2018, 2% to 6% decline. Health net sales are expected to be as follows. At Liberty National, for the full year of 2017, flat; for 2018, flat to 3% growth; at Family Heritage, for the full year 2017, 8% growth; for 2018, 4% to 8% growth; at United American individual Medicare supplement with full year 2017 flat; for 2018, 3% to 7% growth. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, just to talk about excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income plus required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $61 million, a 7% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 9%. The higher than normal increase is due primarily the higher investment income, resulting from the decline and the negative impact of the weekly delays in receiving Part D reimbursements. For the full year 2017, we expect excess investment income to grow approximately 8% and excess investment income per share to grow around 11%. Regarding the investment portfolio invested assets are $15.7 billion, including $14.9 billion in fixed maturities at amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $14.3 billion are investment grade with an average rate of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $661 million compared to $753 million a year ago. The percentage of low investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4%, down from 5.4% a year ago. The decline is due primarily to upgrades the bonds of approves the class size low investment grades. With a portfolio leverage of 3.7% times, the percentage of low investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net underlying gains on fixed maturities is 16%, down from 20% a year ago. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus to slightly under the A minus for the year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter, we invested $376 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.43% and average rating of BBB plus at an average life of 26 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.64%, down 13 basis points from the 5.77% yield in the third quarter of 2016. As of September 30th, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.63%. The midpoint of our guidance assumes an average yield of 4.6% in the fourth quarter and a weighted average rate of 4.9% in 2018. We are still hoping to see higher interest rates moving forward. R&D money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up access investment income. Were not concerned our potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven, since we would like to realize them. We have intent to more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended lower interest rate environment. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the third quarter, we spent $80 million to buy $1 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $77.34. So far in October, we have used $12 million to purchase 144,000 shares at an average price of $80.91. Thus for the full year through today, we have spent $255 million of Parent Company cash to acquire more than 3.3 million shares at an average price of $76.65. These purchases are being made from the Parent Companys excess cash flow. The Parent Company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the Parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmarks shareholders. We expect the Parent Company's excess cash flow in 2017 to be around $325 million. With $255 million debt on share repurchases thus far, we can expect to have approximately $70 million available for the remainder of the year from our excess cash flow, plus other assets available to the Parent. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of Parent assets at the end of 2017, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. For 2018, we preliminary estimate that the excess cash flow available to the Parent will be in the range of $310 to $320 million. Now, regarding RBC and our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio was lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our company in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our policy liability and our rates. We intend to target a consolidated RBC of 325% for 2017 and 2018. Next, a few comments to provide an update on our direct response operations. As Gary noted earlier, during the third quarter, we saw growth in the Direct Response underwriting margin, the first time in several quarters. The margin, as a percent of premium was 15.6%, up from 15.2% in the year ago quarter. While higher claims will cause the underwriting margin to be lower for the full year of 2017 versus 2016, the increase in the quarter was fully in line with our expectations. On previous calls, we noted that we anticipated the margins for the full year of 2017 to range between 14% to 16%. We still anticipate the margin for the full year to be the near the midpoint of this range or 15%. While it's still very early, we currently estimate the margin percentage for Direct Response will remain in the 14% to 16% range in 2018. Now, with respect to our guidance for 2017 and '18. We are projecting the net operating income from continuing operations per share will be in the range of $4.77 to $4.83 for the year ended December 31, 2017. The $4.80 midpoint of this guidance reflects 7% increase over 2016. The increase in the midpoint of our guidance is primarily attributable to the continued positive outlook to align an underlying income at American Income and in our various health insurance businesses. For 2018, we estimate that our net operating income per share will be in the range of $5 per share to $5.25 per share, a 7% increase at the midpoint from 2017. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Jimmy Bhullar, J. P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First, on Direct Response margins, I think they improved for the second consecutive quarter on a sequential basis. So if you could give us some insight on what's driving this? And then your 2018 margin guidance is consistent with '17, and I recognize it's a pretty wide range. Do you expect to see improvement as we go through 2018, or should margins be roughly flat over the next year? And then I had a question on sales, on whether you have seen an impact from hurricanes, or do you expect an impact from the hurricanes, especially in Florida, Texas in the fourth quarter on sales?
Frank Svoboda: With respect to the Direct Response margin, really what you're seeing with what we had anticipated over the year, a little bit of seasonality. And thats the expenses -- the claims were running a little higher, the first couple of quarters. They were more closer to the bottom end of that range and then here from the second half of the year, we're really just we are seeing the policy obligation percentage may have more of the top end. That is the pattern that we were really expecting to see over the course of the year. And I think again it's probably just be some seasonality. As we look into 2018, could be especially on a quarterly basis, fluctuating anywhere in that 14% to 16% range. But we really just see it flattening out here for the next year. And as we move forward from that, too early to really see where we go on beyond 18, but probably following somewhat of the same pattern again with the little seasonality in 2018.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, this is Larry. Ill address your hurricane question. Overall, the hurricanes slowed sales of recruiting in the three exclusive agencies during September. We think recruiting of sales should return to normal levels during the fourth quarter. Before the Hurricane caused United American sales to be lower than expected in the third quarter, direct response sales were not affected by Hurricanes during the third quarter. But we think sales to be down about 1% to 2% in fourth quarter is a lag between circulation and direct response, and responses from applicants. So the impact we feel a few weeks later than it was in the agencies.
Jimmy Bhullar: And just following up on direct response margins, is it fair to assume that there is a block within the overall business, the block written in prescription revenue that thats really was pressuring your margins, the rest of the business is higher. So over the next several years, as that block becomes a smaller proportion of the overall enforce mix, then margin should naturally improve but theyre going to be depressed versus historical levels given lower margins on that part of the business?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, thats exactly correct. The margins that were putting on the new business it's higher than whats being reported today. So we do see that as we -- that business starts to blend in and the 2011-2014 block really starts to run-off that we would see eventually that margin increasing. But theres lot of different factors that work into that and it can just take a little bit of time for that to occur.
Operator: And well next go to Eric Bass, Autonomous Research.
Eric Bass: Frank, you mentioned estimated free cash flow for 2018 of $310 million to $320 million, which is a little bit below the $325 million effect for 17. Is this just due to the strong sales growth, or is there any reason that you expect that to decline year-over-year?
Frank Svoboda: Really, the drop from that were looking to see from next years free cash flow really stems from. If you remember in 2016, which is driving the dividend that we have here in 2017 and the free cash flow in 2017. The 2016 statutory earnings had some Part D operations still in them, that has fallen-off. And of course we dont have the Part D income in our 2017 statutory income. The after tax earnings that we had in 16 and with the sale -- with the little over $20 million, so thats really coming off the books that were not seeing again, I think looking forward than we should be at a low point if you will and we should be able to move forward after that after 2018.
Eric Bass: And then your EPS guidance, so youre assuming that that $310 to $320 million is proxy for share repurchases?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. 
Eric Bass: And then just one question on health margins, which continue to come in a bit head of your expectations. And you mentioned favorable experience. But should we infer that that business is more profitable than you initially expected? And I guess on that note, what are you assuming for health margins in your 2018 guidance?
Frank Svoboda: Overall, we really think that the differences -- primarily at Liberty National and American Income where we both had some favorable claims here in really the second and third quarter that we see continuing on through the remainder of the year. Looking forward to -- and this just being a little bit more profitable than what we had anticipated, especially at American Income, it's just didnt -- really the claims have been at the really very low end on quarterly basis of what we kind of normally see. Looking forward into 2018, I think for Liberty National, continuing probably close to those same levels, maybe coming back to just a little bit over $50 million, overall margins probably be in that 23% to 25% range and then for American Income, probably still remaining in that 48% to 50% range.
Gary Coleman: This is Gary. The overall margin is going to be very similar in '18, as well as in '17 which is similar to '16. So we had some changes within in the mix but it's still going to be overall to be about the same profit margin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll next go to Ryan Krueger, KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I just had a couple 2018 expectation questions. I guess one can you just talk about your expectations for the overall life underwriting margin? Could you talk about your expectation for the growth in 2018?
Larry Hutchison: Ryan, as far as underwriting on the live side remember this is really early. What well find is more we get to February but we're looking to somewhere 24% and 8% increase in life underwriting margins in 2018.
Ryan Krueger: And can you, I guess same for excess investment income. What are your expectations for the growth in 2018 there?
Larry Hutchison: There we're looking at somewhere between 2.5% to 4% growth. At the midpoint, a little over 3% and that would translate into about 7% increase on a per share basis.
Operator: And we'll go to Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: My two of my questions. The last one I had was on American Income margin improvement that we saw this quarter. You seen those adjusted I think it's perhaps sustainable. Anything specific, is that driven by better revenues or something on the expense side?
Larry Hutchison: At this point in time, Bob, there is really nothing thats very specific with respect to the. We just are seeing some favorable claims here the past couple of quarters, clearly little bit better than what we've historically seem. If you look at that overall margin it's typically been in that 31% to 32% to 32.5% range. We're looking at being, year-to-date we're close to 32 and at least for the remainder of the year, we do see what the favorable results that weve had so far, really continuing in through the remainder of the year, and probably being somewhere in that 32% to 32.5% range for that full year on that margin. And at this point of time and Gary said, it's really early and difficult to say. We're really looking at probably still being in that 31% to 33% range for 2018 and probably at the midpoint still being right around that 32%.
Larry Hutchison: Bob, the thing that is caused margins to be up a little bit is the policy obligations. Where last year policy obligations were 32% year-to-date thats where we are, but the quarter was 31% and we look for that to be fourth quarter as well. Does that improvement continue we think it will. Thats not a big difference between 31% and 32%. And if you go back in the past, weve been in that 31% to 32% range in terms of policy obligations. Right now, it looks like the 31% is going to hold but well know more when we get to February after weve had another quarters experience.
Bob Glasspiegel: So it's just favorable mortality or just more revenues?
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think its favorable mortality but also there is a set part of it thats due to the conservation program providing more revenue. But I think the bigger part of it is improved mortality.
Bob Glasspiegel: And thats just through better underwriting or just luck, or maybe just try to extrapolation of that trend?
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think it's too early to determine if that trend is going to continue. We think theres
Bob Glasspiegel: Maybe luck and maybe better underwriting, youre not sure you havent picked it out. I mean, did the defined -- you havent parsed the fine difference there?
Larry Hutchison: Were continuing to take a look to make sure that we do better understand whats really driving that.
Operator: And well go to Alex Scott, Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: Thanks for taking the question. I have one on RBC ratio, and I guess more specifically just given the denominators, the tax affected item. What would you say would be expected impact of potential tax reform, and would it have any implications on your cash flow guide for 2018?
Larry Hutchison: Alex, youre exactly right in that. If there is some tax reform that it can have some impact on that RBC factors itself as a tax, benefits that are tuned in getting those are clearly, we would end up having some reduction in our RBC percentage from that. Weve estimated that if the tax rates were to go down from about 35% to 25%, there probably would be an RBC reduction of around 50 basis points. And at this point in time, it's really difficult to determine how the regulators and rating agencies will react to that. And what maybe an appropriate RBC percentage really should be targeted going forward with that. But at this point in time, we are comfortable that we could fund whatever additional capital might be required, either through the issuance of additional debt or the excess cash flow thats necessary. But at this point in time, we would think that we dont see that we would need to or at least not anticipate that we would need to reduce our use of excess cash flows to fund any shortfall. You have to remember also that the tax reform is also going to be generate lower current taxes as well, so thatll be replenishing that overtime as well.
Operator: And there appears to be no additional questions at this time, Mr. Major. Ill turn things back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Okay, thank you for joining this morning and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 23:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors  Vice President-Investor Relations Gary Coleman  Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison  Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell  General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Chase Matt Coad  Autonomous Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note, today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, VP-Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mike.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2016 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $140 million or $1.18 per share, a 4% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $142 million or $1.19 per share, a per share increase of 7% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of June 30 was 11.4%, and book value per share was $42.55. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.3% and book value per share was $33.49, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $574 million, and life underwriting margin was $147 million, a 3% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin continues to life premiums growth due primarily to the Direct Response segment, as we have discussed in previous calls. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 2% to 4%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 2% to $243 million, while health underwriting margin was up 5% to $55 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due primarily to favorable claims experience. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow 1% to 3%. Administrative expenses were $51 million for the quarter, up 6% from a year ago, and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premiums from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.3% compared to 6.2% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to remain around 6.3% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $247 million and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $80 million. Net life sales were $57 million, up 3%, due primarily to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 7,009, up 6% from a year ago, and up 4% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 7,170. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 1% to $68 million while life underwriting margin was down 3% to $18 million. Net life sales increased 13% to $12 million while net health sales were $5 million, down 3% from the year-ago quarter. The life sales increase was driven primarily by improvements in agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 2,004, up 15% from a year-ago and up 10% compared to the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,106. Once again, we are very pleased with the results at Liberty National. In our Direct Response operation at Global Life, life premiums were up 2% to $203 million. Life underwriting margin declined 12% to $30 million. Net life sales were down 9% to $37 million. As weve discussed on previous calls, the sales decline is by design. We have decreased circulation in order to improve profitability in certain segments. Our primary marketing focus is to grow overall new business profits by maximizing margin dollars rather than emphasizing sales levels or margins as a percentage of premium. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $63 million and health underwriting margin increased 11% to $14 million. Health net sales grew 4% to $14 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,035, up 11% from a year ago, and up 16% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,030. We continue to be enthusiastic about the positive performance at Family Heritage. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 1% to $91 million. Net health sales were $13 million, up 26% compared to the year-ago quarter. Individual Medicare Supplement sales were up 4%, and group sales increased from $2 million to $5 million. To complete my discussion on the marketing operations, Ill now provide some forward-looking information. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2017 to be in the following ranges: American Income 7,100 to 7,500; Liberty National 2,000 to 2,200; Family Heritage 970 to 1,070. Life net sales trends for the full year 2017 are expected to be as follows: American Income 6% to 10% growth; Liberty National 14% to 18% growth; Direct Response 6% to 9% decline. Health net sales trends for the full year 2017 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National flat to 4% decline; Family Heritage 7% to 11% growth; United American individual Medicare supplement flat to 5% growth. Ill now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $62 million, a 13% increase over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 18%. The higher within normal increase is due primarily to the following factors. First, interest expense was higher in the second quarter of 2016 due to debt issued early in that quarter, refinancing those that did not mature until later in the quarter. And also investment income in 2017 is higher because the negative impact from the lengthy delays of receiving party reimbursements has declined. For the second half of the year, we expect excess investment income to grow around 5% and excess investment income per share grow around 9% to 10%. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $15.3 billion, including $14.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $14 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $672 million compared to $763 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.6% compared to 5.5% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.7x the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 17%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, just slightly under the A- a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.7 billion, approximately the same as a year ago. As to investment yield. In the second quarter, we invested $154 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.90%, an average rating of BBB+ and an average life of 20 years. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.68%, down 12 basis points from the 5.80% yield in the second quarter of 2016. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.68%. In the midpoint of our guidance, we are assuming an average new money rate of 4.80% for the remainder of the year. We are still hoping to see higher interest rates going forward. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Those are my comments to the investments. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the second quarter, we spent $81 million to buy $1.1 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $75.89. So far in July, we have used $5 million to purchase 65,000 shares at an average price of $77.45. Thus for the full year through today, we have spent $168 million of Parent Company cash to acquire more than 2.2 million shares at an average price of $76.08. These purchases are being made from the Parent Companys excess cash flow. The Parent Company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the Parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the interest paid to Torchmarks shareholders. We expect the Parent Company's excess cash flow in 2017 to be in the range of $325 million to $330 million. With $168 million debt on share repurchases thus far, we can expect to have $157 million to $162 million available for the remainder of the year from our excess cash flow plus other assets available to the Parent. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of Parent assets at the end of 2017, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31, 2016, our consolidated RBC was 324%. Although, we do not calculate RBC on a quarterly basis, we are still planning to target a 2017 consolidated RBC ratio of 325%. Next, a few comments to provide an update on our Direct Response operations. During the second quarter of 2017, the growth in total life underwriting income continue to lag behind the growth in premium due to higher policy obligations in our Direct Response operations. As discussed on previous calls, this is mostly attributable to higher obligations related to policies issued in calendar years 2011 through 2015. On our last call, we noted that we anticipated the margin for the full year of 2017 to range between 14% to 16%. For the second quarter, the margin was 15%, fully in line with our expectations for the quarter. We still anticipate the margin for the full year to range between 14% to 16%. Now with respect to our guidance for 2017. We are projecting the net operating income from continuing operations per share will be in the range of $4.70 to $4.80 for the year ended December 31, 2017. The $4.75 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.05 increase over our previous guidance. The increase is primarily attributed to an improved outlook for underwriting income as well as an increase in investment income. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan Chase.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. Obviously pretty strong results overall but the Direct Response business, the sales have stayed weak, despite easy comps. So you mentioned the reduction in circulation. Have you fully pulled back from marketing in segments, that youll be emphasizing or when do you reach that point where you would have fully sort of limited your marketing efforts and beyond reach you could started growing?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy for 2017, we expect our insert media inquiries to be down about 12% to 15%, for electronic inquiries will be about 5% and electronic inquiries represent about two-thirds of the inquiries receive today, so were seeing some positive in the marketing. The circulation for the year, we got about 12% to 15%, mail volumes will be flat to down  down slightly, I think that will be doing in late 2018 or 2019 will begin to positive sales growth going forward. As our margins return to acceptable levels, we will expand our marketing efforts to increase sales. As you know those positive sales will occur as we use the [indiscernible] and better segmentation to identify the best responding, much profitable consumers within each segment of our business.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on  just obviously there is uncertainty about whats happening with Medicare but what are your expectations under the current administration in terms of changes in reimbursement rates on med advantage plans and whether or not that helps demand for MedSup plans?
Gary Coleman: Brian, do you want to answer that question?
Brian Mitchell: Sure, Jimmy, we are constantly reviewing the proposals that come from Capitol Hill, as of the current time, none of the proposals seem to be gear that way to doing away with the original Medicare. With regard to your question as to reimbursements, again thats up in the air, we do anticipate the possibility of increased reimbursements going forward into the next year but nothing certainly at this point.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt Coad with Autonomous Research.
Matt Coad: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. As you noted earlier, its a strong quarter in-house with the underwriting margin of 5% and thanks for the updated guidance. That updated guidance however emphasizes a 1% or 2% increase in the margin in 3Q and 4Q. So can you just provide some color on what cost do you outperformance this quarter and why you dont expect it to be sustainable?
Gary Coleman: Matt, I think in your question ultimately was looking at little bit higher than  higher margins on the  from the health business in the first half of the year, we are not really seeing that in the second half of the year. And thats right, largely with respect to both Liberty and American Income we did see some favorable claims in the second quarter that we just not really seeing continuing on for the full year.
Matt Coad: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Frank Svoboda: Yes, this is Frank. I do need to clarify in my opening comments in excluding the excess capital I accidently indicated that our excess cash flow was our dividends  yes, the dividends received from its subsidiary less the interest paid on debt and it should be the dividends paid to the Torchmarks shareholder. I think I accidently said interest on our Torchmarks shareholder. I just want to clarify that.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, theres no further questions in our queue. Ill turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And again ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO, CAO and EVP
Analysts: Jamminder Bhullar - JP Morgan Chase Eric Bass - Autonomous Research Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2016 10-K on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net income was $134 million or $1.11 per share, a 10% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $139 million or $1.15 per share, a per share increase of 6% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of March 31 was 11.5% and book value per share was $39.61. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.2% and book value per share was $32.77, a 7% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $576 million, while life underwriting margin was $144 million, approximately the same as a year ago. Underwriting margin was flat due to the decline in the Direct Response margins. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 1% to 3%. Net life sales were $106 million, up 2% from the year-ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 4% to $245 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $53 million. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to remain relatively flat. Health sales were $34 million, up 6% from the year-ago quarter. Individual health sales were $30 million, up 10%. Administrative expenses were $52 million for the quarter, up 7% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premiums from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.3% compared to 6.2% a year ago. For the year, we expect administrative expenses to remain around 6.3% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I will now go over the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $241 million and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $76 million. Net life sales were $53 million, up 6%, due primarily to increased agent count. The average agent count for the first quarter was 6,713, up 8% from a year ago, but down 2% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 6,768. We expect 7% to 11% life sales growth for the full year 2017. At Liberty National, life premiums were $69 million and life underwriting margin was $19 million, both up 1%.  Net life sales increased 16% to $11 million, while net health sales were $4 million, down 8% from the year-ago quarter. The life sales increase was driven primarily by improvements in agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,820, up 18% from a year ago and up 2% compared to the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,953.  Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 14% to 18% for the full year 2017. Health net sales are expected to be flat to down 4% for the full year 2017. We continue to be encouraged with the progress of Liberty National. Due to increased sales, we're seeing growth in life premium of only 1% over the prior year. It marks a significant turning point given the size of the in-force block and Liberty's history of flat or declining premiums. We expect continued life premium growth going forward.  In our Direct Response operation at Global Life, life premiums were up 5% to $210 million. Life underwriting margin declined 21% to $29 million. Net life sales were down 6% to $39 million. This sales decline is by design. We have decreased circulation in order to improve profitability in certain segments. Our primary marketing focus is to grow overall new business profits by maximizing margin dollars rather than emphasizing sales levels or margins as a percentage of premium. We anticipate that life sales will be down 4% to 9% for the full year 2017. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $62 million. The health underwriting margin increased 7% to $13 million. Health net sales grew 26% to $13 million. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 894, up 8% from a year ago, but down 6% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 980. We expect health sales growth to be in a range from 7% to 10% for the full year 2017. We're pleased with Family Heritage's performance and believe we're on a good track going forward. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 5% to $92 million. Net health sales were $11 million, down 5% compared to the year-ago quarter. Individual Medicare supplement sales were flat while group sales declined 19% to $3 million. For the full year 2017, we expect growth in individual Medicare supplement sales to be approximately 4%.  I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $59 million, an 8% increase over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 11%. For the full year, we expect similar results. We expect excess investment income to grow around 7% to 8% and excess investment income per share to grow around 10% to 11%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Investment assets are $15.3 billion, including $14.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $13.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment-grade bonds are $711 million compared to $771 million a year ago. The percentage of below-investment-grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.9% compared to 5.7% a year ago. And with a portfolio leverage of 3.7x the percentage of below-investment-grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains from fixed maturities, is 18%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, just slightly under the A- a year ago.  In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.3 billion, approximately $302 million higher than a year ago. As to the investment yield. In the first quarter, we invested $522 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.93%, an average rating of BBB+ and an average life of 23 years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.70%, down from the 5.83% yield in the first quarter of 2016. At March 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.70%. For 2017, the midpoint of our guidance assumes an average new money yield of around 5% for the full year. We're still hoping to see higher interest rates going forward. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate-driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, the continued low interest rate environment will impact the income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell noninterest-sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations.  In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. Certainly, while we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low rate environment.  Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the first quarter, we spent $82 million to buy $1.1 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $76.18. So far in April, we have used $20 million to purchase 263,000 shares. Thus for the full year, through today, we have spent $102 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 1.3 million shares at an average price of $76.15. These purchases are being made from the parent company excess cash flow. The parent company's excess cash flow, as we define it, results primarily from dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect the parent company's excess cash flow in 2017 to be in a range of $325 million to $335 million. After including the $45 million available from assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $370 million to $380 million of cash and other assets available to the parent during the year. As previously mentioned, to date, we have used $102 million of this cash to buy 1.3 million Torchmark shares, leaving approximately $270 million to $280 million of cash and other assets available for the remainder of the year.  As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of parent assets at the end of 2017, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31, 2016, our consolidated RBC ratio was 324%. We're targeting a 2017 consolidated RBC ratio of 325%. At this time and as was discussed on prior calls, it is likely that the capital freed up from the sale of our Part D operations will be retained within the insurance companies. Next, a few comments to provide an update on our Direct Response operations. During the first quarter of 2017, the growth in total life underwriting income lagged behind the growth in premium income due to higher policy obligations in our Direct Response operations. As discussed on prior calls, this is mostly attributable to higher-than-originally-expected claims related to policies issued in calendar years 2011 through 2015.  On our last call, we noted that we anticipated the margin as a percent of premium for the full year of 2017 to range between 14% to 16%. For the first quarter, the margin was 14%, at the low end of this range, but fully in line with our expectations for the quarter due to normal seasonality. We still anticipate the margin percentage for the full year to range between 14% to 16%. Now with respect to our guidance for 2017. We're projecting the net operating income from continuing operations per share will be in the range of $4.63 to $4.77 for the year ended December 31, 2017. The $4.70 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.03 increase over our previous guidance. The increase is primarily attributed to an improved outlook for underwriting and investment income and a slightly lower projected stock option expense. As noted on the last call, we have not reflected any possible changes in the tax laws in our 2017 earnings guidance and our calculations assume that existing tax laws stays in effect through 2017. Those are my comments. I'll now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First on the Direct Response business, I understand why you're guiding to lower sales, just given reduced circulation. But I -- at what point do you think the circulation levels bottom out? Because I think we've had 6 great quarters of down sales. So just trying to get an idea on, should this be a year where sales reach the bottom and begin to grow? Or are you expecting them to continue to decline for the next several quarters?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, I can't give you an exact date, but earliest we see sales begin to increase would be late 2018, more likely sometime in 2019. We're currently focused on restoring those to acceptable levels of profitability and as far as these sales will occur as we begin to use analytics and better segmentation to identify those better responding and most profitable consumers within each segment of our business, that's the best guidance we can give at this time.
Jamminder Bhullar: And so -- that's because you're intending to continue to reduce circulation further as you go through this year?
Larry Hutchison: We're going to keep circulation at the current levels. If you look at this year, we expect circulation to be down 7% to 10%. And from that, electronic inquiries will be about 5% versus a reduction in insert media inquiries of 7% to 10%. So inquiries will be down slightly for the year and we think our mail volume will be flat for 2017.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then you have a fairly large deferred tax liability. If tax rates are in fact lowered, any reason why a big portion of that wouldn't accrue to book value and like, not the actual cash savings in the future? Are there any offsets or anything else?
Frank Svoboda: No, Jimmy, I think if the tax rates were to decrease, you're right that the decrease in the liability would essentially increase our overall equity. Of course, then with the lowering of the GAAP -- GAAP tax rate, you'd expect some lower tax, GAAP tax expense as well.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then just one more on stock option expense. It was very low this quarter. Any changes in your assumptions? I think you've previously said, it should be, I think, either $2 million to $4 million a year, something in that range. But that -- does this quarter change your view on what it will be for 2017?
Frank Svoboda: Just a little bit. I think, Jimmy, for the full year, probably in that $1 million to $3 million, 0 to $4 million range, somewhere in there, so probably the midpoint of that's coming down just slightly from $3 million, $2 million -- like $2 million.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Eric Bass of Autonomous Research.
Eric Bass: So a question on the health business. Health underwriting margins, I think we're pretty strong across most businesses this quarter. You believe that this is just unusually strong performance? Or is there anything changing in the underlying claim experience that makes you think that, that could continue? And I guess, is there any change to your view that overall health underwriting margin would be roughly flat with 2016 and for the full year?
Gary Coleman: Yes, your latter comment was what we expect. We were 21.8% for the first quarter and we're thinking it's going to be at or right around that for the full year which is just -- I think, last year we were slightly above that, but there is not a material change there.
Eric Bass: Got it. And then in terms of, sorry, the underwriting margin and dollars -- so I think you've guided to it being roughly flat with 2016. Is that still your expectation?
Gary Coleman: Yes. It's because the -- we're -- we will have -- we're thinking that we'll have premium growth around 2%, but there is a slight decline in margin and that keeps -- the margin percentages and that keeps the margin dollars flat.
Eric Bass: Okay. And then you touched on this during your opening comments, but I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the outlook for premium growth at Liberty National and the life business and so now it consists in double-digit growth in sales. You're forecasting strong sales again this year and healthy growth in the agent count. So when should we see that start to translate to acceleration in premiums and earnings?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think the -- for the next couple of years, again, because of the large in-force block that you have, we do anticipate premium growth of probably in that 1% to 3%, getting up to maybe 3% growth here over the next few years. But it's going to take a couple of years before the increase in sales really starts to translate into a much faster growth rate.
Gary Coleman: For the last couple of years, we've been flat and prior to that, we were routinely a 2% reduction in premiums. So we're still at -- we're pleased that this year we're going to have, we think, around a 1% increase in premiums. We reversed the trend, but as Frank said, that in-forced block is so large, it's going to take a while to build up to a healthy increase in premiums.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel: This is a small point, but I'm intellectually interested. The annuity underwriting margin has been marching along at about $1 million higher clip the last 3 quarters. What in the business is sort of driving the improved earnings outlook from that line which has been considerably smaller over a long period of time?
Frank Svoboda: Bob, we talked about it just a little bit in the last call, but it was -- we slowed down the amortization expense, just due to the business staying on the books a little bit longer than what we'd originally projected. For the full year, we anticipate around $10 million underwriting margin on that business.
Robert Glasspiegel: And it will stay there or grade down slowly from there as the book runs off?
Frank Svoboda: Likely to grade down slowly over time.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. And the Liberty National agent story is really pretty amazing. Following the company a long time, we just have never seen -- it's been a long time since we thought of this business being able to grow. Are we comfortable that the quality agents and the quality of book that they're writing is worth the investments you're making in growing the agency force still?
Larry Hutchison: We're comfortable with that, Bob. We've used best practices with our other agencies to introduce better training systems, better recruiting systems. And I think the quality of agent in Liberty National is the highest it's been in the last several years.
Gary Coleman: Bob, one thing that's important about Liberty's growth is that we're finally building up a middle management group and the middle management are the ones responsible for recruiting and training. We really didn't have that before, but the middle management grew almost 40% last year. We want to see that kind of growth this year, but we'll certainly see growth and as that middle management grows, then it helps us to recruit and train new agents. So we think we're on a real good footing there.
Robert Glasspiegel: Am I correct that it's been decades since you've showed this sort of growth in your force?
Larry Hutchison: That's a correct statement.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our next question from Yaron Kinar of Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: So we talked a little bit about the very strong agent growth in Liberty National. Can we also touch on Family Heritage? What has led to a strong growth there?
Larry Hutchison: Part of the change is that we had a very slow start to 2016 and again, Family Heritage is using best practices to develop a better system to recruit and train agents. And we're seeing those initiatives take place at Family Heritage as well as Liberty National.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And is that also something that you think you'll be able to sustain not necessarily at these levels, but strong growth, generally speaking?
Larry Hutchison: I think we can sustain that at Family Heritage. Again, we have a better in-house training systems, we have better recruiting systems and we're seeing the effect of that take place. We're also seeing the growth in middle management. This year, they introduced a new management track at Family Heritage and so as we hire agents, they know what needs to be achieved to the management and eventually become the agency owners. So what we're seeing at Family Heritage is really a continuation of what's happened at Liberty National starting in 2011 and American Income has been the leader in terms of these better training systems and better recruiting systems that the other 2 companies have followed.
Yaron Kinar: And then if we touch on the investment portfolio, I couldn't help but notice that the average maturity was a little on the low side this quarter. Is there anything in particular that led to that? Or is that just a normal fluctuation?
Gary Coleman: We didn't change any policies. I think that's just a normal fluctuation.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Michael Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Bob Glasspiegel - Janney John Nadel - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are, Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2015 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for a discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $135 million or $1.12 per share, a 5% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $139 million or $1.15 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 31 was 12% and book value per share was $37.76 excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities. Return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share was $32.13, a 7% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $550 million while life underwriting margin was $143 million, down 1% from a year. The decline in underwriting margin is due primarily to the decline in the direct response margins. In 2017, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 1% to 3%. Net life sales were $99 million, approximately the same as a year ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 1% to $238 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $53 million. In 2017, we expect health underwriting income to remain relatively flat. Health sales in total were $47 million down 21% from year ago. Individual health sales was $37 million down 4%. The administrative expenses were $50 million for the quarter up 6% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.4% compared to 6.3% a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $197 million or 6.3% of premium. In 2017, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5% and to remain around 6.3% of premium. I'll now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income life premiums were up 11% to $236 million and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $75 million and life sales were $52 million up 3% due primarily to increased agent count. The average agent in the fourth quarter was 6,874 up 4% from a year ago and down 2% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,870. We expect the producing count to be in the range of 7,100 to 7,400 at the end of 2,017. Life sales for the full year 2016 grew 6%. We expect 6% to 10% life sales for 2017. At Liberty National life premiums were $67, approximately the same as the year ago quarter, while life underwriting margin was $19 million down 4%. Net life sales increased 15% to $10 million while net health sales were $5 million, approximately the same as the year ago quarter. The life sales increase was driven primarily by improvements in agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,781 up 16% from a year ago and down 1% compared to the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,758. We expect the producing agent count to be in the range of 1800 to 2,000 and the end of 2017. Life net sales for the full year 2016 grew 12%. Life net sales growth is expected to be within the range of 8% to 12% for the full year 2017. Health net sales for the full year 2016 grew 8%. Health net sales growth in 2017 is expected to be between the range of 5% to 9%. We are enthusiastic about Liberty National's prospects. Life premiums grew on a year-over-year basis for both the first quarter and the fourth quarter of 2016. The last time we had year-over-year growth per quarter was in 2004, while the fourth quarter growth was slight, there is an indicator of the positive effect of the changes that remained at this agency. We expect to seek assistance life premium growth at Liberty National going forward. I would like to make one more comment regarding American Income and Liberty National. Roger Smith who overseas both of these agencies announced he will retire at the end of the year. Roger has contributed greatly to the growth of American Income and the turnaround of Liberty National. Over the past several years, Roger has developed talented leaders at both American Income and Liberty National. Steve Brewer, the President of American Income agency division will succeed Roger at American income. Steve has served in his current capacity for over a year who was in SGA for American Income for 12 years prior to that. Steven DiChiaro, President of the Liberty Natalie Agency Division, will succeed Roger at Liberty National. Steve has served in his current capacity for over five years, who was in SGA at American Income before that. Roger will serve in an advisory capacity for both agencies after his retirement. Now direct response, in our direct response operation at Global Life, life premiums were up 4% to $192 million. Life underwriting margin declined 21% to $29 million. Net life sales were down 7% to $34 million. For the full year 2016, life sales declined 9% due primarily to decreases in circulation designed to improve profitability at certain segments. We expect life sales were down 4.5 to 9.5% in 2017 as we continue those efforts. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $61 million, while health underwriting margin increased 26% to $14 million. Health net sales grew 8% to $13 million, but the average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 947, up 8% from a year ago and down 40% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 909. We expect the producing agent count to be in the range of 950 to 1,050 at the end of 2017. Health sales for the full year 2016 were 2%. We expect health sales growth to be in the range from 3% to 7% in 2017. At United American General agency, health premiums declined 2% to $89 million, net health sales were $24 million, down 38% compared to the year ago quarter. Individual Medicare supplement sales for the full year 2016 declined 3%. In 2017 we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be approximately 5%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I'll spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, I'll talk about excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income as acquired interest on policy liabilities and debt was $58 million an 8% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 12%. In 2017, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 6% to 8%. However, on a per share basis, we should see an increase of about 9% to 11%. Now regarding Investment Portfolio, invested assets were $14.8 million, including $14.2 million of fixed maturities and amortized cost. At the amortized cost, $13.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus and below investment grade bonds are $751 million compared to $640 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 5.3% compared to 4.8% a year ago. The increase in global investment grade bonds is due primarily to downgrades in securities in the energy and mills and mining sectors that occurred earlier in 2016. However, due to the increase in the underlying commodity prices, the current market value of these securities are significantly higher than at the time of the downgrades. With a portfolio leverage of 3.7 times, the percentage of below grade bonds to equity excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 19%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated high BBB plus just slightly under the A minus a year ago. In addition, net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.1 billion, approximately $550 million higher than a year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the fourth quarter we invested $607 in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.58% and average rating of BBB plus at an average life of 26 years. For the entire portfolio fourth quarter yield was 5.75% down six basis points from the 5.81% in the fourth quarter 2015. At December 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.74%. For 2017, the midpoint of our current guidance assumes an increasing new money yield throughout the year, averaging 4.80% for the full year. We are encouraged by the prospect of our interest rates. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, it rates don't rise, the continued low interest rate environment will impact the income statement but not the balance sheet as we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products account for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that will require us to write off the ACE or put up addition GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess and disciplined income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Gary. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the fourth quarter we spend $71 million to buy $1.0 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $68.60. For the full year, we spent $311 million of parent company cash to acquire 5.2 million shares at an average price of $59.78. So far in 2017, we have spent $19 million to purchase 257,000 shares. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of about $45 million. In addition to these liquid asset, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2017. The parent company's free cash flow as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark's shareholders. While our 2016 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect free cash flow in 2017 to be in the range of $325 million to $335 million. Thus, including the assets on hand, at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $370 million to $380 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. This level of free cash flow in 2007 is slightly higher than 2016, primarily due to the net proceeds received in 2016 from the sale of our Medicare Part D business. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of parent assets at the end of 2017, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our company in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although we have not finalized our 2016 statutory financial statements, we expect that our consolidate RBC ratio -- RBC percentage at December 31, 2016, will be around 325%. We do not anticipate any changes to our target RBC levels in 2017. Next a few comments to provide an update on our direct response operations. During 2016, the growth in total life underwriting income lagged behind the growth in premium, due to higher than expected policy obligations in our direct response operations. As discussed on previous calls, this is attributable to higher than originally expected claims related to policies issued in calendar year 2000 through 2007 and 2011 through 2015. During the fourth quarter, claims emerged as anticipated and policy obligations were in the range we expected for the fourth quarter and consistent with those reported for the third quarter. In addition, at 16.5% of premiums, the underwriting margin for the full year 2016 fell within the 16% to 17% range we expected. Looking forward and as indicated on the last call, we anticipate that the underwriting margin for 2017 will decline slightly and be in the range of 14% to 16% of premium for the full year. Now with regard to the recognition of excess tax benefits on equity compensation. As we previously discussed in the first quarter of 2016, the company adopted the new accounting standard relating to the treatment of excess tax benefits on a prospective basis. This new accounting standard primarily causes excess tax benefits to be recognized through earnings and affects Torchmark's computation of net income, diluted shares outstanding and earnings per share. In the fourth quarter, the reduction in expense related to the adoption of the standard caused earnings per share from continuing operations to increase $0.04. During the full year 2016, earnings per share increased $0.13. While several factors did fell in the amount of excess tax benefits, we anticipate that the excess tax benefits recognized in 2017 will be slightly less than 2016 and a stock expense as reflected in net operating income will be in the range of $2 million to $4 million for the year compared to a benefit of $1.5 million in 2016, a negative swing of $3.5 million to $5.5 million. Finally, with respect to our earnings guidance for 2017, we're projecting net operating income from continuing operations per share to be in the range of $4.57 to $4.77. The $4.67 midpoint of this range reflects a $0.03 decrease from the midpoint of our previous guidance. This decrease is due to a $0.05 reduction resulting from the higher current share price, which is causing the number of shares expected to be repurchased in 2017 to be lower than anticipated at the time of our last call. The negative effect of the higher share price is offset somewhat by a slightly improved outlook for underwriting and investment income. Much speculation exist that Congress will enact some type of tax reform in 2017. At this time, few details are known as the direction to Congress will ultimately take including what statutory rate might be agreed to and what if any changes to the tax base might occur. As such we are not reflected any possible changes in the tax law in our 2017 earnings guidance and our calculations to that existing tax law will stay in effect through 2017. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Those are our comments. Well now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well go first to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: All right. First I had a question on the annuity business, youve had pretty strong underwriting income in each of the last two quarters. What really drove that and I'm assuming it's lower amortization and stuff, but what really drove it and what's your expectation of a more normalized ongoing earnings number for that business?
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Hi, Jimmy. You're right that the increased income from the annuity business relates to lower amortization, but we slowed down the amortization of that business due to it staying on the books longer due to the lower interest rate environment, but going forward at the midpoint of our guidance, we see annuity income probably being in that $10 million range pretty similar to what we saw on a per quarter basis to what we have in the fourth quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then I think you mentioned retaining $50 million of liquidity at the holding company. In the past, I thought it was $50 million to $60 million. So not sure, has there been a change or is still consistent with what you were planning before?
Gary Coleman: Generally consistent, but I think looking realistically that we probably be at the lower end of that range, given our starting point where we ended up in 2016 a little below $50 million just really due to some timing of some items.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then at the final numbers in terms of sales proceeds from the Part D block, do you have the final numbers on what you are expecting to get from the Part D sale?
Gary Coleman: The numbers are totally finalized until after the end of the first quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay.
Gary Coleman: We did receive -- right now we estimate that the proceeds will be around $18 million, but probably to a little bit of adjustment still through the first quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just lastly, how do you think about the impact of the exit on your investment income? I'm assuming at some point down the road, it should help your investment income. How do you think about how it affected this year, next year and the year after?
Gary Coleman: Yes, as the exit of the business occurs, we will receive the various receivables that we have on the Part D business. We did see a pickup here in 2016 as we collected a significant portion of our CMS receivables here in 2016. As of the end of 2016, we still have around $100 million of net receivable from that business. We expect to probably get around $80 million of that in 2017 and that will be fairly pro-rata over the course of the year. And then it looks like there'll be a little bit of detail on the final $20 million or so that we don't anticipate to receive from CMS until probably the end of 2018, just there is some review process as it takes a couple of years to exit the business.
Jimmy Bhullar: So more normal number yield it will take till '19 to get to a more normal number on investment income and no lag effect from this?
Gary Coleman: Ultimately yes, so there is a little bit of a drag that we're going to see here in 2017. Probably around the $2 million to $3 million range of a net drag, but then ultimately it will be cleaned up for the most part by the end of the year into '19.
Larry Hutchison: But Jimmy that's a comparison, excuse me, the drag in 2016 was $9 million. So, we hope for $9 to $2 million to $3 million.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning Torchmark, direct response margins were flat sequentially, but you're guiding to further decline from the Q4 run rate in the 2017, have we turned the corner there or is it still a little bit of marginal deterioration?
Gary Coleman: Yeah Bob, I think we do anticipate having a little bit of marginal deterioration in 2017. And just to add, the 2002 through 2014 years related to RX business that we primarily do on the RX business that we talked about in the past as that really go through it's maturity if you will in its higher years and then and then starts to decline as an overall percentage of our premium. Looking past 2017 we really see it stabilizing for the most part in maybe that 14% to 15% range. So, there might be just a slight deterioration past 2017, but at this point in time, its really difficult to determine exactly until we see what impact the changes that we made at the end of '16 and on our 2017 sales will ultimately have.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Thank you. And one quick follow-up on the guidance on news rates for 2017 up 4.8. How does that compare to what you're getting today? Do we need a further increase in rates to get there?
Gary Coleman: No. Excuse me Bob, am battling a cold here. As we mentioned we invested 458 in the fourth quarter. So, for in this quarter, we are a little bit above what we thought where it would be -- we are in the high 480 range. What we contemplated is that the first quarter be around 470 and then would ratchet up to toward the end of the year it would be more -- just little under 5%. We now our goal to have to get to 480. We are little ahead of the game in the first part of the first quarter and of course we hope that continues.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. You said you're getting above 480 now, I missed.
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Little above 480 right now.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go next to John Nadel with Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: Hi, thanks for taking the question. If I look at amortized cost of your invested assets, I am thinking about the excess investment income calculation, you ended '16 with about $14.2 billion. I know there is a bunch of different cash flows, how much do you think that should -- should we be thinking about that growing in that 2% to 3% range annually or does there -- do we get a bump up with some of these proceeds?
Gary Coleman: Okay. John, you're talking about the growth in the fixed maturities assets?
John Nadel: The $14.2 billion of invested assets in your excess investment income count?
Gary Coleman: Yes. I think you can -- were looking at growth of 4% to 5% in the next two to three years.
John Nadel: Okay. Each year.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, each year, right.
John Nadel: Okay, thats helpful. And then I have a -- I guess this is more of a hypothetical question. I understand your guidance doesn't contemplate any changes in statutory tax rates, that seems sensible even if something happens, it doesn't feel like its going to happen that soon. But hypothetically if domestic tax rates, corporate tax rates fell from 35% I dont know, pick a number 20% or 25% or even lower, do you expect to be able to capture all that to the bottom line or would you expect to price new product sales differently perhaps generate a faster pace of sales growth and still target of similar after-tax ROE just recognizing that your profit margin, a greater proportion of your profit margin might come from a lower tax rate, you understand that -- I dont know if I am phrasing that very well?
Gary Coleman: I think John I understand, I believe what your question is, its really hard to say with respect to the impact of the sales might happen and we obviously really havent spent any time really thinking about how we might adjust the pricing at all with respect to changing the tax rates. We would clearly see and would just say if tax rates were to decrease to 25%, we would expect there to be a decrease in the cash taxes we pay, but at this point in time we really don't know what change they might make on -- to the tax base to ease into that to some degree.
John Nadel: Understood.
Gary Coleman: We would and we should end up having a benefit on the GAAP side clearly. On the statutory side, it's a little bit more difficult to see exactly how that might materialize and how that might impact future cash flows if you will.
John Nadel: Okay. I'm just curious -- it's more of a I guess a bit of a philosophical question right because I suppose at the end of the day, lower corporate tax rate is intended to help the consumer and grow the economy faster and so in that respect I guess I am wondered if you would target a higher ROE recognizing a lower tax rate or if you would just look to pass along savings in the form of a lower premium rate to customers.
Gary Coleman: Well, John, in our businesses the direct response we will consider more than others because there is more price competitive there. In our agency operations, it's not that price competitive. So, I think we would be careful about what we did with those premiums.
John Nadel: Okay. Understood. All right. I'll take it offline with you. Thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Coleman: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan John Nadel - Credit Suisse Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Seth Weiss - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Release Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Majors, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are, Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2015 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and Web site for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $152 million or $1.25 per share, a 9% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $140 million or $1.58 per share, $0.03 higher than anticipated in our previous guidance due primarily to lower than expected after-tax stock compensation expense. On a GAAP reported basis, our return on equity as of September 30 was 12.0%, and book value per share was $41.94. Excluding unrealized gains on fixed maturities, our return on equity was 14.7%, and our book value per share was $31.86, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $546 million, while life underwriting margin was $143 million, down 1% from a year ago. The decline in underwriting margin was due primarily to the decline in the direct response margin. For the full year, we expect life underwriting margin to be around 1% higher than 2015. Net life sales were $100 million, down 1% from the year ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $237 million, and health underwriting margin was up 6% to $53 million. For the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow approximately 2%. Health sales were $33 million same as in the year ago quarter. However, individual health sales were $30 million, up 9%. Administrative expenses were $49 million for the quarter, up 4% from the year ago, and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.3%, same as the year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses will be around 6.2% to premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. Ill now review the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $231 million, and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $74 million. Net life sales were $52 million, up 4% due primarily to increased agent count. The average agent count for the third quarter was 7,004, up 6% from a year ago and up 6% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 7,025. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 6,750 to 6,950 at the end of 2016. We expect 7% to 8% life sales growth for the full year 2016 at 6% to 10% in 2017. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums are up 4% to $192 million. Life underwriting margin declined 26% to $29 million. Net life sales were down 9% to $35 million due primarily to decreases in circulations. We expect life sales to be down 7% to 9% for the full year of 2016, and flat to down 5% in 2017. The further sales decline in 2017 reflects changes and marketing designed to increase the profitability of new sales. At Liberty National, life premiums were $67 million, down 1% from the year ago quarter, while life underwriting margin was $20 million, up 9%. Net life sales increased 11% to $10 million, while net health sales increased 3% to $5 million. The sales increases were driven primarily by improvements in agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,799, up 13% from a year ago and up 3% compared to the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,785. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 1,700 to 1,800 at the end of 2016. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 10% to 11% for the full year of 2016, and 7% to 11% in 2017. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 7% to 9% for the full year of 2016, and 4% to 8% in 2017. We are very pleased with the progress as they turnaround at Liberty National. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $16 million, while health underwriting margin increased 19% to $13 million. Health net sales grew 8% to $14 million. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 986, up 9% from a year ago, and 6% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,004. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 975 to 1, 025 at the end of 2016. Health sales growth should be in a range of 2% to 4% for the full year 2016, and 3% to 7% for 2017. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 5% to $88 million. Net health sales were $10 million, down 14% compared to the year ago quarter. Individual Medicare supplement sales grew 14% to $8 million, while Group sales declined 57% to $2 million. For the full year of 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 7% to 9%. We expect sales growth in 2017 of 6% to 10%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I will spend the next few minutes discussing our investment operations, first, the excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income thats acquired in for some policy liabilities and debt was $57 million, a 5% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 9%. For the full year 2016, we expect excess investment income to grow by approximately 2%. However, on a per share basis, we should see an increase of approximately 6%. Now, regarding the investment portfolio, investment assets were $14.6 billion, including $13.9 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. At the fixed maturities, $13.2 million are investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $753 million compared to $568 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 5.4% compared to 4.3% a year ago. The increase in below investment grade bonds is due primarily to downgrades at securities and the energy, and metals, and mining sectors in previous quarters. However, due to increases in underlying commodity prices, the current market values of these securities are significantly higher than at the time of the downgrades. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 19%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturities portfolio of $1.9 billion, approximately $1 billion higher than a year ago. To complete the discussion of investment portfolio, I'd like to give an update on our $1.6 billion of fixed maturities in the energy sector. At September 30, we had a net unrealized gain of $90 million compared to an unrealized loss of $165 million at the end of 2015, an improvement of $255 million. The average rating of the energy fixed maturities is BBB with 90% of the holdings being investment grade. Now, investment yield, in the third quarter, we invested $275 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.40%, an average rating of BBB, and an average life of 25 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.77%, down 4 basis-points from the 5.81% yield in the third quarter of 2015. At September 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.76%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we assume the new money rate of 4.45% in the fourth quarter, and a weighted average rate of 4.65% in 2017. The low and declining interest rate environment continues to be an issue. However, our concern regarding the extended period of lower interest rates is the impact on the income statement, not the balance sheet. As long as were in this interest rate environment, the portfolio yield will continue to decline and place downward pressure on the growth of investment income. However, this decline will be lessened by the fact that on-average only about 2% of our fixed maturity portfolio will run-off each year over the next five years. Torchmark would continue to earn the substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. As I mentioned earlier, lower interest rates negatively impact the income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products account for under FAS 60, we dont see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet as our cash flow test results indicate that our reserves are more than adequate to compensate for lower interest rates. As we have said before, Torchmark can thrive in either a low or high interest rate environments. Now, Ill turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Garry. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the third quarter, we spent $77 million to buy 1.2 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $62.65. So far in October, we have used $16.4 million to purchase 255,000 shares. For the full year, through today, we have spent $256 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 4.4 million shares at an average price of $57.96. These are being made from the parents free cash flows. The parent companys free cash flows, as we define it, results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from their subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmarks shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2016 to be around $320 million. Weve $256 million spent on share repurchases. Thus far, we can expect to have around $64 million available for the remainder of the year from our free cash flow, plus other assets available at the parent. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect the share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of parent assets at the end of 2016. For 2017, we preliminarily estimate that the free cash flow available to the parent will be in the range of $325 million to $335 million. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the past several years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our Company in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities, and our ratings. As we discussed on the last call, we do not calculate RBC on a quarterly basis. However, we estimated that because of lower than expected capital levels as of year-end 2015 plus downgrades in our investment portfolio during this year, we would need around $60 million of additional capital to return to a 325% RBC level. As we also discussed, we believe this shortfall maybe somewhat temporary, and thus we may choose to maintain an RBC ratio slightly below 325% for 2016. With the combination of proceeds from our second quarter debt issuances, capital we generated from the sale of our Medicare Part D business and potential upgrades in our investment portfolio, we are comfortable with our ability to meet responsible RBC levels for 2016, and to meet our targeted 325% RBC ratio no later than the end of 2017, without having to utilize any of our free cash flow for capital contribution. Next a few comments to provide an update on our direct response operations. In the quarter, growth in total life income lagged behind the growth in premium, primarily due to higher than expected policy obligations in our direct response operations. In previous quarters, we discussed some of the higher trend in policy obligations, primarily due to higher than our originally expected claims related to policies issued in calendar years 2000 through 2007, and 2011 through 2015. While claims this year are emerging on the 2000 through 2007 policies, largely anticipated, we are seeing higher policy obligations than anticipated for certain segments of our business issued in 2011 through 2015. The higher obligations for these policy years are the primary cause for the increase in the policy obligation percentage from the 55% we had anticipated for the third quarter to 57%. Last quarter, we indicated that policy obligations for the full year of 2016 would be in the range of 54% to 55% of premium, or 54.5% at the mid-point. With further analysis and additional claims experienced through September 30th, we now anticipate that the direct response in policy obligations for the full year 2016 will be around 56% of premiums at the mid-point of this range; a 1.5 percentage point increase. As a result of the expected higher policy obligations, we now estimate that the underwriting margins for the direct response operations will be in the range of 16% to 17% for the year. We also anticipate that the underwriting margins in 2017 will decline slightly, and be in the range of 14% to 16% of premium for the full year. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2016, we expect our net operating income from continuing operations to be within a range of $4.43 per share to $4.49 per share, an 8% increase over 2015 at the midpoint. For 2017, we estimate that our net operating income per share within a range of $4.55 per share to $4.85 per share, a 5% increase at the mid-point of the guidance. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And well take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar of JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: My first question is on the direct response business. Obviously, margins have gotten worse overtime. And it seems like generally have been worse than what you have been expecting. So, whats the likelihood that results could deteriorate further in 2017, beyond what youre assuming?
Larry Hutchison: Well, 2017 lower sales are expected. As we continue our work to identify the appropriate balance of sales and profitability. We are confident that any marketing adjustments, which results in lower sales would have been made to improve profitability. We do have better information to make our market decisions in 2017.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, with respect to the margins, I think as we said, we would anticipate the margins in 2017 to be in that 14% to 16% range. With the additional claims experience that we have and just some better information regarding the root causes of whats really giving rise to some of these higher claims, especially in the 2011-2015 block, we feel a lot of better clearly with respect to looking at these long-term trends and how this is going to trend out for us. And clearly some of these blocks, it get a little bit smaller and run-off a little bit any misses that we might have or have less and less of an impact as well going forward. But I think while some quarterly fluctuations could always impact, I think, we feel pretty good with that estimate for next year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, and then on -- go ahead.
Larry Hutchison: I would just say, 2017 the level of sales is a reflected testing that we completed in 2016 and 2017. And so those sales will put a greater emphasis on restoring essential levels of profitability in certain segments. The sales could be higher or lower, depending on the results of those tests.
Gary Coleman: Go ahead, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then what are you assuming for stock options expense in next year, and thats embedded in next years guidance, because that number is obviously moved around the market as the stock prices has moved?
Larry Hutchison: So overall, Jimmy, the stock expense is at the midpoint of our guidance. We estimate that it would be around $1 million to $1.5 million per quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just lastly besides the stock option expense and the direct response margins, what are some of the items that you feel would give you -- get you to the high-end, or versus the low end of your EPS guidance range for 2017?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, for 2017, some of the real sensitivities are obviously some money raise, especially earlier in the year, and for the remainder of 14 could have some impact on that. And then AIL margins, I mean its a big enough block of business that if there were some fluctuations in the claims that we have in 2017. If you move about half of percentage point in their margin ends up being probably $0.03 worth of earnings, and then just generally on the buyback. Obviously, our expectations of free cash flow for next year looking out our projections. Wed really only have statutory earnings completed through June 30th at this point in time. So the extent that that moves if that were to change significantly, something were to happen between now and the end of the year. Our stock price would have fluctuated, and that would also have some impact.
Larry Hutchison: As you look at the edges of the range, and I think as weve talked about in prior years. The bottom end of that range really assumes that you have at the lower end of the margins for each of the distributions then you have some lower interest rates. And so you have a lot of things going and get you in the upper end and have -- basically at the upper end of those ranges.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I would add on the underwriting income, especially the life underwriting income, weve definitely -- it has the issue with direct response. So if you remove the direct response, there is rest of our underwriting income for the last two years is, the premiums have grown 5% to 6% and the margins have grown 6% or 7%. And we expect those margins to continue to be predictable. So I still think the biggest variable is the direct response and also interest rate as well.
Operator: Well go next to the John Nadel of Credit Suisse.
John Nadel: I was just -- I joined a little bit late, and so I apologize if youve already cover this. But can you give us a sense for what your sales outlook is. As you look out to 2017 across the few other distribution platforms. And then separately, if I think about your 2017 guidance, how much new money do you anticipate putting to work, and maybe at the midpoint of your range, what new money investment yield that youre assuming?
Larry Hutchison: John, Ill address the sales projections, first for 2017. At American Income, were projecting net sales growth for 2017 in the range 6% to 10%. At Liberty National, the net life sales should increase 7% to 11%. The net health sales should increase 4% to %. At Family Heritage, were predicting 3% to 7% increase in health sales. In direct response, we think the sales will be flat to negative 5%. In the United American General Agency individual Medicare settlement sales, we projected sales growth of 6% to 10%.
Gary Coleman: John, as far as our investments for next year, were expecting to invest just under $1 billion for the year. And we expect the rates to increase slightly as we go through the year. The weighted average rate that were assuming for 17 is 4.65%.
John Nadel: And then I think Frank, you had mentioned that free cash flow expected to be generated for 2016 was about $320 million. I dont think there is any change to that relative to what youve talk about the last couple of quarters. Did you mention 2017 your expectations, and do we see some benefit, I think, from proceeds from the Medicare sale?
Frank Svoboda: For 2017, what I indicated was around $325 million to $335 million. And there will be, embedded in that probably around $10 million to $15 million of after-tax proceeds from the sale of Part D that is helping with that to some degree.
John Nadel: And the expectation was, Frank, that the RBC ratio would recover to or toward at least 325% target by the end of 17?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, were comfortable that we will be at or above the 325% by the end of 17.
John Nadel: And thats -- is that largely just driven by the expectation that you will just retain a bit more of your statutory earnings during the year?
Frank Svoboda: No, its actually -- the combination of use of some of the debt proceeds that we have had to probably make some capital contributions between remainder of this year and into 2017. We do have, that we have talked about on the prior call, there is some capital that will be freed up from the Part D sales to probably $15 million to $20 million this year and another $50 million or so next year. So, it's really between the combination of those that -- whats really going to be driving it.
Operator: And from Goldman Sachs, we go next to Michael Kovac.
Michael Kovac: I wanted to circle back on direct response. I know in the beginning of the year mentioned that some of the elevated expenses, and elevated loss ratios, driven by the 2011 through 2014. Now it sounds like some of 2015 isnt there as well. I just wanted to see if that is in fact the case and what you are seeing in terms of how 2016 is developing for that business?
Gary Coleman: What were really seeing the higher claims, in this particular year, is some increased mortality in just certain geographic and demographic segments of our business. And most of that does relate to 2011. And we are seeing a little bit of that already in the 2015 accident year. Weve really seen a spike in claims this year. Then we found was we have seen the spike in claims earlier, the first half of this year. And that was giving rise to some of our elevated guidance in the claims last quarter. We really did not anticipate those claims to continue on here for the remainder of the second half of the year. But we have continued to see higher claims in these particular segments of our business here in the third quarter. And so at this point in time, we do anticipate that theyll continue on through the remainder of the year.
Michael Kovac: And then in the 2017 guidance, does that incorporate the 16 continuing to develop, and how do you think about the pricing and getting in line in 2017?
Gary Coleman: So, for the most part, looking at our expectations of the policy obligations for 2017, we are anticipating that the claim level that weve seeing here in 2016, for the most part, continue on into 17. And then as were taking all this emerging experience and were working that into our pricing expectations as well as our GAAP expectations really from this point going forward. So, for the remainder of 2016 and then also will be taken in account for 2017 business.
Michael Kovac: And then as we think about mortality more broadly this quarter in some of the other segments in AI, et cetera. How do they compare versus either typical seasonality in the third quarter?
Larry Hutchison: No we did see some favorable claims experience really at American Income, primarily in American Income, Liberty National, and our military businesses. All of those just had very good claims experience for the quarter.
Gary Coleman: I would say that American Income was a slight improvement, but it's really  this was very consistent. I think what where weve seen most improvement is in Liberty National, and its -- this is a favorable trend all through the year where policy obligations through Liberty for the is 36.5%, its been there for the last four quarters, as far as that, it was up little over 38%. So, we have been pleased to see that improvement and it seems to be continuing.
Larry Hutchison: I would say looking forward to 2017. For 2016, at Liberty followed by Garys comments, we expect the policy obligations somewhere in that 36% to 37% range, maybe not quite that good in 2017, maybe closer to little over 37%, something in that range, 37% to 38%.
Operator: And well go next to Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: Couple of questions on the free cash flow numbers that you gave, I got a little confused whether the Part D proceeds were inclusive additives. And specifically for next year, is the 50 million on top of the 325% in the 325% to 335%, or is it part of the whole that youre going to get back to your 325% RBC? Or could some of that be used for buyback potentially?
Gary Coleman: The 50 million, Bob, is really more of a function dropping RBC levels. And so when offline using that time frame, so its really being able to getting for the most part being able to get back to the 325% level. The free cash flow in 2017 being in the 325% to 335% range, thats really is based upon the distribution of our statutory earnings from 2016. And embedded in a portion of that statutory earnings from 2016 are the after-tax proceeds of the sale of the Part D.
Bob Glasspiegel: So the 325% to 335% has the 50 million -- has the proceeds?
Gary Coleman: Has the proceeds....
Bob Glasspiegel: But not the RBC freed up?
Gary Coleman: That is correct.
Bob Glasspiegel: Now, I got you. And then the RBC thats freed up, thats worth 50 million next year. Is that going to be used for the whole? There is two 325s, were talking about the RBC, all of 325? Or can some of that be used for buyback on top of the free cash flow?
Gary Coleman: Right now, Bob, our projections are looking. It looks like it will be more used to fill the RBC hole, more so than being available to be able to distribute that in excess of normal statutory earnings.
Bob Glasspiegel: So some of its for buyback, but not the majorities, what youre saying?
Gary Coleman: I would say that were not really anticipating being able to distribute out any of the $50 million of capital that were freeing up from the sale.
Bob Glasspiegel: Administrative expense this year has been a little bit heavy for IT expenses. Does it continue with the same rate next year, incrementally? Or could it grow a little bit slower than the revenues?
Frank Svoboda: It's going to be about the same. That type of growth will be about the same as we have for revenues. So this year or for the quarter it was, administrative expense were 6.3% of premium, but they should end the year at 6.2%. And were projecting for next year that it's going to be 6.2% to 6.3% of premiums. So, there is simply growth in the administrative expense, but it's going to match the growth in the premium.
Bob Glasspiegel: The tax rate was a little low this quarter as it was last quarter. Was that the option element floating through? Or is there something else going on in the tax rate?
Gary Coleman: The tax rate was down, really start of last quarter, where there was some of the non-deductable expenses. But weve had, ACA as an example of that. Were really lower than weve had in some of the prior quarters. And so if those become reduced, that reduce the tax rate. It really doesnt have anything to do with the excess tax benefit on the stock options as thats being on our operating summary netted against the stock option expense.
Bob Glasspiegel: Is this the new good run rate, or was it unusually low?
Gary Coleman: No. I think for the most part, were really looking at that 32% from an operating tax perspective, it was 32% to 32.8%, somewhere in there 32.7%, somewhere in there, continuing on into 2017.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go next to Seth Weiss of Bank of America.
Seth Weiss: My question is on the cash flow numbers and your projection of cash flow, and if we look a couple of years ago, you had generally guided to cash flow numbers in the $360 million to $370 million range. And that number has obviously come down over the last couple of years, more like $320 million, if we take out the proceeds from Part D sales this year. I know that there's several things going on with Direct Response and timing of the CMS reimbursements. I was just hoping you could walk us through why we've had to step-down in free cash flow? And if it's something that we should think of as more temporary, or if this is a new run rate that we may grow slightly off of in the future.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think the decline from 2015 to 2016 statutory earnings, which are really because of our -- the decline of the free cash flow from that $360 million that youre mentioning to where were at $320 million for this year. Its really been driven by a couple of factors; one of it was the higher direct response claims as well as some of the lowering of the Part D margin that we had over the course of time. Clearly, some of the higher direct response claims had an impact on our statutory earnings. Probably about a third of that decline is just from really good sales that weve had in the past couple of years. And so as we grow sales, and were growing sales at 8%, 9%, 10%, that generate a significant amount of first year statutory strengths. If you have that over a several years, then the process that are being generated from those sales start to catch up to it and help to then grow the statutory earnings going forward. And then there is some other factors, just the higher -- our higher IT expenses, general administrative expenses. Weve had some ups and downs on the tax rate perhaps. For the most part, and what we kind of see here for going forward as well I think that for 2017, the direct response is continuing to have a little bit more of an impact. I think what youll see as far as not having to grow from 15 to 16, or 16 to 17. But I think in the near term, and for 2017 statutory earnings, I would not expect that would be significantly different than what youre seeing really at todays levels.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Majors, I would like to turn the conference back over to for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments. And we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And this does conclude todays presentation. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Ryan Krueger - KBW Bob Glasspiegel - Janney
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2015 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these terms and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $138 million or $1.13 per share, a 13% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $137 million or $1.11 per share, a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, our return on equity as of June 30 was 11.8% and book value per share was $39.87, an increase of 17% from a year ago. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, our return on equity was 14.6%, and our book value per share was $31.11, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $549 million, while life underwriting margin was $144 million, up 3% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin lagged premium growth due primarily to higher-than-expected direct response claims. For the full year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase 1% to 2% over 2015. Net life sales were $110 million, up 2% from the year ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 2% to $237 million, and health underwriting margin was also up 2% to $53 million. For the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow 1% to 2%. Health sales increased 6% to $33 million. Individual health sales grew 8% to $30 million. Administrative expenses were $48 million for the quarter, up 6% from a year ago, and in line with our expectations. The primary reason for the increase in administrative expenses is increased investments in information technology. As a percentage of premiums from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.2% compared to 6.0% a year ago. For the full year, we anticipate the administrative expenses will also be around 6.2% in premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $226 million, and life underwriting margin was up 13% to $72 million. Net life sales were $55 million, up 10% due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average agent count for the second quarter was 6,599, approximately the same as a year ago, and up 6% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 6,773. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 6,650 to 6,850 at the end of 2016. We expect 7% to 9% life sales growth for the full year of 2016 [ph]. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 5% to $199 million. Life underwriting margin declined 10% to $33 million. Net life sales were down 9% to $40 million due primarily to decreases in circulation. We expect life sales to be down 5% to 7% for the full year 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million, down 1% from the year ago quarter, while life underwriting margin was $19 million, up 6%. Net life sales increased 12% to $10 million, while net health sales increased 13% to $5 million. The sales increases were driven primarily by improvements in agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,739, up 12% from a year ago, and up 13% compared to the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,812. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 1,700 to 1,800 at the end of 2016. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 9% to 12% for the full year of 2016. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 6% to 10% for the full year 2016. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $59 million. Our Health underwriting margin increased 16% to $12 million. Health net sales grew 1% to $14 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 933, down 3% from a year ago, but up 13% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 955. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 975 to 1000 at the end of 2016. We expect Health sales growth to be in the range from 2% to 4% for the full-year 2016. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 2% to $90 million. Net health sales were $10 million, up 6% compared to the year ago quarter. Individual Medicare supplement sales grew 14% to $8 million. Our group sales declined 13% to $2 million. For the full year 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 7% to 9%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income; excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less the required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $55 million, a 4% decrease compared to the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income declined 2%. On April 5th, we issued $300 million of junior subordinated debt, primarily to refinance the $250 million debt issue that matured on June 15th. Issuing a new debt 70 days before the debt maturity resulted in a negative carry of $30 million [ph]. Excluding the negative carry, excess investment income in dollars and per share would have been up 1% and 4% respectively. As discussed on previous calls, the Part D segment has a negative impact on excess investment income due to negative cash flows that occurred during the year, including the long delay in receiving reimbursements from CMS for excess claims paid by the company. The impact of the lost investment income from the delayed receipt of reimbursements is reflected in income from continuing operations rather than in discontinued operations in accordance with applicable accounting rules. In the second quarter, Part D had a negative impact on excess investment income of approximately $2.5 million compared to negative impact of $2.3 million in the year ago quarter. For the full year 2016, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 1% to 2%. However on a per share basis, we should see an increase of about 5% to 6%. At the midpoint of our 2016 guidance, we're expecting a drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $9 million compared to a drag of $8 million in 2015. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $14.4 billion including $13.8 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $13 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-, and below investment grade bonds are $763 million compared to $580 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 5.5% compared to 4.4% a year ago. The increase in below investment grade bonds is due primarily to downgrades in securities in the energy and metals and mining sectors in previous quarters. However, due to the increases in the underlying commodity prices, the current market value of these securities were significantly higher than at the time of their downgrade. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains of fixed maturities is 20%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.7 billion, approximately $700 million higher than at the end of the first quarter. Now to complete the discussion of investment portfolio, I'd like to give an update on our $1.6 billion of fixed maturities in the energy sector. At June 30, we had a net unrealized gain of $32 million compared to an unrealized loss of $165 million at the end of 2015; an improvement of $197 million. The average rating of the energy fixed maturities is BBB with 90% of the holdings being investment grade. Regarding investment yield; in the second quarter, we invested $364 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.75%, an average rating of BBB+, and an average life of 24 years. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.80%, down five basis points from the 5.85% yield in the second quarter of 2015. At June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.79%. For the remainder of 2016, we have assumed a new money rate of 4.4% at the midpoint of our guidance. This rate is lower than previously expected. The low and declining interest rate environment continues to be an issue. However, our concern regarding the extended period of lower interest rates is the impact of the income statement and not the balance sheet. As long as we're in this interest rate environment, the portfolio yield will continue to decline and place downward pressure on excess investment income. However, this decline will be lessened by the fact that on average only about 2% of our fixed maturity portfolio will run-off each year over the next five years. Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. As I mentioned earlier, lower interest rates negatively impact the income statement and not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet as our cash flow test results indicate that our reserves are more than adequate to compensate for lower interest rates. As we have said before, Torchmark can thrive in either a low or high interest rate environment. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Garry. First, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the second quarter, we spent $83 million to buy 1.4 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $57.77. So far in July, we have used $10.6 million to purchase 174,000 shares. For the full year through today, we have spent $174 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 3.1 million shares at an average price of $55.77. These are being made from the parents free cash flows. The parents free cash flows, as we define it, results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark's shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2016 to be around $320 million. With $174 million spent on share repurchases thus far, we can expect to have around $146 million available for the remainder of the year from our free cash flow, plus other assets available at the parent. As noted on previous calls, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be of primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of parent assets at the end of 2016, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries; we currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the past several years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities, and our ratings. As we discussed on the last call, we do not calculate RBC on a quarterly basis. However, we estimated that because of lower than expected capital levels as of year ended 2015 plus downgrades in our investment portfolio during the first quarter of this year, we would need around $60 million of additional capital to return to a 325% RBC level. As we also discussed on the last call, and for the following reasons, we believe the shortfall may be temporary and thus may choose to maintain an RBC ratio slightly below 325% for 2016. First, we anticipate that the sale of our Medicare Part D business will generate approximately $20 million to $25 million of additional capital to be available for 2016, plus an additional $55 million to $60 million of additional capital that will be available in 2017. Thus, the additional capital available from this sale alone would be sufficient to offset the shortfall noted above. Additionally, we anticipate that certain investments that were downgraded by the NAIC in the first half of this year will be upgraded by the end of 2017. Thus, we are comfortable with our ability to meet responsible RBC levels for 2016 and to return to our targeted 325% RBC ratio no later than 2017. Next a few comments to provide an update on our direct response operations. In the quarter, growth in total life underwriting income, like the growth in premium primarily due to higher than expected policy obligations in our direct response operations. In previous quarters, we had seen a higher trend in policy obligations primarily due to higher than originally expected claims related to policies issued in calendar years 2000 through 2007 and 2011 through 2015. While claims this year are emerging on the 2000 to 2007 policies as anticipated, we are seeing higher policy obligations and anticipated for policies issued in 2011 through 2014. The higher obligations for these policy years are the primary cause for the increase in the policy obligation percentage for the second quarter from the 53.5% we anticipated to 56%. Last quarter we indicated that policy obligations for the full year 2016 would be in the range of 52% to 53% of premium or 52.5% at the midpoint. With the additional claims experienced through June 30, we now anticipate that the direct response policy obligations for the full-year 2016 will be in the range of 54% to 55% of premiums or around 54.5% at the midpoint of this range. This 2% increase in the midpoint is primarily due to the higher expected obligations on the 2011 through 2014 policy years. As a result of the higher policy obligations, we now estimate that the underwriting margin percentage for our direct response operations will be in the range of 17% to 19% for the year. Now a few comments about the sale of our Medicare Part D operations. Effective July 1, 2016, Torchmark entered into an agreement to sell its Medicare Part D prescription drug business to Silverscript Insurance Company, a subsidiary of CVS Health. Under the terms of the agreement, Torchmark will retain all rights to the assets and liabilities as well as corresponding profits or losses for the 2016 plan year and Silverscript will assume all rights and obligations related to the business after 2016. We will continue to administer the plans for the remainder of this year and will transition all administration to Silverscript early in 2017. The net proceeds from the sale are expected to be offset by the write off of approximately $16 million of differed acquisition cost related to Torchmark's Part D business. As such, the net impact of the sale is expected to be immaterial to Torchmark's financial statements. The remaining net assets reflected on the balance sheet related to discontinued operations are receivables and payables that are expected to be settled in the ordinary course of business during 2016 and 2017. We expect that the balance of any remaining receivables to be less than $100 million by the end of 2016. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2016, we expect our net operating income from continuing operations be within a range of $4.40 per share to $4.50 per share, an 80% increase over 2015 at the midpoint. Those are our comments. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. My first question is just on direct response life margins. Frank, you mentioned benefit to ratio guidance of I think 54.5% that's better than the 55.7% you had in the second quarter. So just wondering what gives you the confidence that trends in the business will get better from where they were in the second quarter?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, we do see some higher claims in the first half of the year just due to some regular seasonality. That typically adds probably about 1% to the policy obligation percentage in the first couple of quarters of the year, so we don't see that continuing on to the second half of the year. And then just with the additional claims experience that we are seeing here now in the first half of the year, we are getting that little bit more experience with the 2011, 2012 and more on the 2013, we just had that little bit better experience to feel more comfortable with where we are going here for the remainder of the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, and then on sales in direct response I think you mentioned that you are expecting sales to be down 5% to 7%, they are down 9% in the first half so I am assuming your - does your guidance imply that you are going to be seeing a pickup in circulation volumes in the second half of the year or is there something else that's going on there?
Gary Coleman: I think you will see a slowing of sale decreases, Jimmy, in the third quarter, well have a stronger sales decrease in the fourth quarter would be slightly down and flat from the fourth quarter.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, it's more because of the comparison in the third and fourth quarter are easier during the first couple of quarters.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, and then lastly on the increase in EPS guidance you raised a midpoint by about $0.02, what was the driver there?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, on the $0.02 is in the basic increase being from the increased expectations with regard to the new accounting guidance. But the decreases that we are expecting in direct response are really being offset by really some improved outlook in several other areas of the company with respect to some of our other life operations at American Income and Liberty National as well as just a little bit better expectations with our investment income and as well as a little bit of an impact from a lower federal income tax rate as well. All those tend to offset each other, the net impact ends up being a little bit from this accounting guidance change.
Jimmy Bhullar: And lastly if I could ask one more, on Family Heritage your results have been strong and the margins have improved in each of the last two quarters. I think this quarter was the highest margin that you've had since you have been reporting that business. So what's, is it just an aberration or have you made any changes in the product mix or anything else that are driving the improvement in margins?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, there hasn't been a change in the product mix, but what were seeing is, we are seeing improvement in the claims and we expect that it continue for the rest of the year. Also the amortization is slightly higher than in past, that should continue. In other words we were at 21% for the quarter and year-to-date and we expect that to follow through for the year.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning everybody. Just so I want to follow-up on Jimmy's question on direct response. What is it about the 2011 to 2015 vintages that's tracking maybe below your original estimates?
Frank Svoboda: Well, as we've talked about on some of the prior calls, we had used - we started introducing the use of prescription drug database in our underwriting, starting with that 2011 year. As we understand, we were really the first to use that with respect to simplified underwriting as well as in the direct response, and to where we had expected to see some mortality improvements. Now that the claims are coming in the claims are just not coming in as favorable. Our actual experience just is not as favorable as what we had originally anticipated from the use of that prescription drug database.
Yaron Kinar: Right, and I do remember you discussing this in previous calls, but in previous discussions I think you were so low, I'm curious where precisely this higher claims experience was coming from if you saw any specific or you couldn't identify specific trends would then be the vintages. Are you getting maybe better clarity now as to whether it's a certain type of disease or issue that that seems to be recurring?
Frank Svoboda: No. We are definitely seeing certain segments where we're still getting some benefits and we're definitely seeing some segments where we are not seeing the benefits that we had anticipated. And we're able to take that knowledge and put that into play as we think about our marketing efforts going forward, in our mortality assumptions as well.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And so, I think you started to take some action last year already. Are the actions that you took last year self-sufficient in your view or given the fact that claims experiences deteriorated a little more than you initially expected does that means that there's maybe additional corrective action that you need to take?
Frank Svoboda: Well, we will continue to tweak as always when we see more, get more experience and get more information we'll continue to tweak how we utilize that information, and how we think about that, what's in our pricing and our reserve assumptions on it going forward basis. At this point in time we're comfortable with the assumptions that we've put into place with respect to the 2015 and then our 2016 business.
Yaron Kinar: And then with regards to headcount, I think both American Income and Liberty National showed some nice trends in the last few quarters and as I look at your guidance for it of year end, seems like maybe a little bit of flattening there. Okay, maybe talk about why you don't see the continued growth that we saw earlier.
Gary Coleman: Yes, we look at our historical data, we believe that recurring was slow in the third quarter for both American Income and Liberty National. In the fourth quarter, really that's just seasonality, we have the holidays to deal with, so if you look at the fourth quarter over the last several years, they're showing a decline in the number of agents at the end of the fourth quarter. We're very happy with the results about the American Income, Family Heritage, and Liberty National. We've had good agent growth in the first and second quarters.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ryan Krueger with KBW.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks, good morning. Regarding the debt issuance, you issued $50 million of debt in excess of the maturity. What would you expect to be the use of that $50 million of additional capital at the holding company?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we are anticipating using that additional just to finance certain activities going on down at the insurance companies. We have some additional investments so we're making in our IT systems as well as continued growth supporting our agencies, and we anticipate to use it in that fashion.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. So you would contribute it to the subsidiaries likely?
Frank Svoboda: In some form or fashion.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then on the $9 million drag on excess investment income from Part D, is that something we should expect to get back in 2017 given the sale of the operation?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we really should, you know, I had indicated that we expect the receivables as of the end of this year to be a little less than $100 million. We anticipate receiving those fairly ratably over the first three quarters of 2017. So, we really estimate that the drag that we'll see in 2017 to be more in the $1 million to $2 million range rather than the $8 million to $9 million that we're seeing this year.
Gary Coleman: And then, Ryan in 2018, there'll be no drag.
Ryan Krueger: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Torchmark. As we think about statutory earnings, run rate, I think you said you're growing a little faster so that's a pressure - how is credit write-offs trending through the first seven months of the year and could stat earnings grow just a little bit slower than GAAP earnings? Is my guess?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we do, Bob. We do anticipate our statutory earnings will grow a little bit. I'm trying to think whether how to compare, how we look at that compared to the growth in the GAAP earnings but might be just a little bit slower than the GAAP earnings in 2016, we really haven't - we'll be in the process here over the next quarter to kind of look at that a little bit more closely and be able to give some guidance on that on the next call. But as far as the impairments are concerned, we do not have any impairments for the first six months of the year for statutory or GAAP purposes and right now we don't foresee any that would impact us here for the remainder of the year.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Go ahead.
Gary Coleman: Bob, I was just going to say we also, first quarter we had a fair amount of downgrades but we've seen improvement in the second quarter. So downgrades not maybe the issue that some people thought they would have been earlier.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. So you're feeling more relaxed about that issue on the margin?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel: Run rate for interest costs, I calculated about 18.8, when you get rid of the double debt costs in Q3, is that in the order of magnitude?
Frank Svoboda: I think on a going forward basis, we would anticipate that interest expense to be closer to probably $20 million.
Bob Glasspiegel: $20 million?
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Appreciate it.
Operator: And there are no further questions.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - Vice President of Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison - Co-Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda - Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Erik Bass - Citigroup Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2015 10-K. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net operating income from continuing operations was $133 million, or $1.08 per share, a per share increase of 6% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $124 million or $1.01 per share, also a 6% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities that amortized cost, our return on equity as of March 31, was 14.5% and our book value per share was $30.65, an 8% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $35.72, a decline of 6% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $544 million, while life underwriting margins was $144 million, up 2% from a year ago. Growth and underwriting margin lagged premium growth, due to higher claims, primarily in direct response. For the full-year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase 2% to 4% over 2015. Net life sales were $104 million flat compared to the year-ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $236 million and health underwriting margin was $52 million approximately the same as a year ago. For the full-year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow 1% to 2%. Health sales declined 1% to $32 million due to the decline in group sales. Individual health sales were up 1% to $28 million. Administrative expenses were $48 million for the quarter, up 5% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. The primary reasons for the increase in administrative expenses are higher information technology costs. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.2% same as a year ago. For the full-year, we anticipate administrative expenses will also be around 6.2% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'll now go over the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $213 million and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $69 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 7% due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average agent count for the first quarter was 6,206, down 2% over a year-ago and down 6% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 6,225. We expect 5% to 7% life sales growth for the full-year 2016. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $200 million. Life underwriting margin declined 13% to $37 million. Net life sales were down 8% to $41 million due primarily to decreases in circulation. We expect life sales to be flat to down 3% for the full-year 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million, approximately the same as the year ago quarter. On life underwriting margin was $18 million, up 6%. Net life sales increased 11% to $9 million. On net health sales increased 19% to $5 million. The sales increases were driven primarily by improvements in agent productivity, recruiting and retention. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,542, up 5% from a year ago and flat compared to the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,711. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 7% to 9% for the full-year 2016. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 5% to 7% for the full-year 2016. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $57 million. Our health underwriting margin increased 8% to $12 million. Health net sales were down 9% to $11 million due primarily to reduced agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 827, up 5% from a year ago but down 6% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 881. We expect health sales growth to be in a range from 2% to 6% for the full-year 2016. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 6% to $88 million. Net health sales were $12 million, down 2% compared to the year-ago quarter. Individual sales grew 2% to $9 million. Our group sales declined 10% to $3 million. For the full-year 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 9% to 11%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, regarding excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less acquired interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $55 million flat compared to the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 2%. As discussed on previous calls, the Part D segment has a negative impact on excess investment income due to the negative cash flows that occurred during the year, including the long delay in receiving reimbursements from CMS for excess claims paid by the company. The impact of the lost investment income from the delayed receipt of reimbursements is reflected in income from continuing operations rather than discontinued operations in accordance with applicable accounting rules. In the first quarter, Part D had a negative impact on excess investment income of approximately $2.8 million compared to negative impact $2.5 million in the year-ago quarter. For the full-year 2016, we expect excess investment income to grow about 1% to 2%. However on a per share basis, we should see an increase of about 5% to 6%. At the mid-point of our 2016 guidance, we're expecting a drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $8 million to $9 million compared to the drag of $8 million in 2015. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $14.2 billion including $13.5 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $12.7 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus, and below investment grades are $771 million compared to $604 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 5.7% compared to 4.8% at the end of the fourth quarter. The increase and below investment grade bonds is due primarily to first quarter downgrades of securities in the energy and minerals and mining sector. However, due to increases in underlying commodity prices, subsequent to these downgrades, the current market values of these securities are significantly higher than at the time of the downgrades. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains of fixed maturities is 20%. An overall the total portfolio is rated A-minus, same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $970 million, approximately $464 million higher than at the end of the fourth quarter. Now, to complete the discussion of the investment portfolio, I would like to address our $1.6 billion of fixed maturities in the energy sector. The net unrealized loss of our energy portfolio decline from $165 million at the end of 2015, $128 million at the end of the first quarter and improvement of $27 million. We believe the risk of realizing losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. First, even with the significant rating agency downgrades in the first quarter 89% of our energy holdings remain investment grade. Next only $143 million, or 9% of our energy holdings, are in the oil field service and drilling sector. While we had significant downgrades are in the first quarter energy sectors, we have seen improvement in market values recently. We believe the companies we owned have sufficient liquidity to endure the cycle. Third, based on the consensus of expert views, our investment department believes that oil is more likely to increase to $50 or $60 a barrel during the 12 to 24 months, than to remain at current levels. We believe the companies in our portfolio to continue to operate for a very long time with oil prices at $40 to $50 a barrel. Even if oil declined $30 a barrel they remain at that level for the next 12 to 24 months, we would expect to have any defaults during that period. And finally, the companies we have invested in have a variety of options they can utilize to avoid default, including but not limited to, reducing distributions to partners, drawing on lines of credit, and reducing exploration activities. We do not expect significant further downgrades in our energy portfolio. Also the recent downgrades should not impact our stock buyback program. Frank will addresses more detail when he discusses capital. As to investment yield in the fourth quarter, we invested $287 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sector. We invested at an average yield of 5%, an average rating of BBB plus, and an average life of 26 years. For the entire portfolio the first quarter yield was 5.83% down four basis points from the 5.87% yield in the first quarter of 2015. At March 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.81%. For the remainder of 2016, we have assumed new money rate at 5% at the midpoint of our guidance. This rate is lower than we previously expected. We are disappointed interest rate have not risen as expected. However, while the continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement it will not have negative impact on the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protected products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. As we have said before Torchmark can thrive in either low or high-interest rate environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First I wanted to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the first quarter, we spent $80 million to buy 1.5 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $53.26. So far in April we have used $21 million to purchase 392,000 shares. For the full-year through today, we have spent $101 million of parent company cash to acquire more than 1.9 million shares at an average price of $53.38. These purchases are being made from the parent companys free cash flow. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2016 to be around $320 million. Thus, including the $46 million available to the parent from assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have approximately $366 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As previously mentioned to date we have used $101 million of this cash to buy 1.9 million Torchmark shares, leaving around $265 million of cash and other liquid assets available for the remainder of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain at least $50 million to $60 million of assets at the parent company, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. In early April, Torchmark completed the issuance and sale of $300 million of 6.125% fixed rate, junior-subordinated debentures with a 40-year life, but callable after five years. The debt was sold pursuant to Torchmark's shelf registration statement from last August. The net proceeds from the debt issuance will be used to retire the $250 million outstanding principle amount, plus accrued interest on the 6.375% senior notes due June 15, 2016, and for general corporate purposes, including additional capital and other financing needs if necessary at our insurance subsidiaries. The issuance of the debt was consistent with guidance provided to S&P as to how we would refinance the upcoming maturity and security will be treated as equity for their capital purposes. Both S&P and Moody's have assigned the same rating to the new junior subordinated security as exists on our current subordinated debentures. The issuance will have an immaterial impact on our earnings per share. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last three years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liability, and our ratings. As of December 31, 2015, our consolidated RBC was 317%, eight basis points below our target of 325%, primarily due to Part D earnings being lower and fourth quarter downgrades being greater than expected. During the first quarter of this year we had approximately $245 million of net downgrades on an NAIC basis within our fixed income portfolio. This amount includes total downgrades from NAIC Class I to II, II to III and III to IV, net of any upgrades during that period. So we dont calculate RBC on a quarterly basis. We estimate that these net downgrades will result in a decrease in our RBC percentage of approximately five basis points. This effect on RBC is consistent with the general rules of thumb we outlined last quarter. Stating that for every $100 million in downgrades, a two basis point reduction in RBC percentage would result and around $9 million of additional capital would be needed. The combination of the shortfall, as of the end of 2015 plus the additional capital needed due to the downgrades in the first quarter, indicates that we may need around $60 million of additional capital to return to a 325% RBC level. At this time, we did not plan on changing our targeted RBC level of 325%. However, as indicated on the last call should we believe that our RBC level as being adversely impacted by downgrades that we believe are temporary and that will reverse in the relatively near future. We may choose to temporarily target in RBC ratio below 325%. We are comfortable that any additional needed to meet our target RBC levels for 2016 could be funded with excess proceeds from our recent debt issuance available assets on hand, and other sources of liquidity without having to suspend or reduce the amount available for share buybacks. Now a few comments about Part D. On April 7, Torchmark was notified by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services that its two subsidiaries, UA and FUA, were released from intermediate sanctions and returned to normal marketing and enrollment status, effective as of that date. The plans had operated under sanction since August 1 of last year. While our plans will be able to accept new enrollees, we anticipate that additional sales during the remainder of 2016 will be minimal. We continue to proceed with the possible sale of our Part D contract and the release of these sanctions will have no impact on the Company's previously announced commitment to exit Medicare Part D business. As noted on the last call the disposition of our Part D business will release around $70 million of capital that we held at the end of 2015 relating to this business. Since the risk-based capital is determined primarily on the level of premiums received and claims made during the year, we will still be required to hold the majority of this capital at the end of 2016. We estimate that approximately $10 million to $15 million of capital will become available in 2016 with the remainder to be released in 2017. We will consider an extraordinary dividend of the excess capital to the parent company depending on our capital needs for 2017. Now with respect to our guidance for 2016, we are projecting the net operating income from continuing operations per share will be in the range of $4.35 to $4.51 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The $4.43 midpoint of this guidance reflects a $0.05 increase over our previous guidance, $0.04 of this increase is due to the early adoption of a newly-issued accounting standard, ASU 2016-09 as of January 1, 2016. This new accounting standard simplifies certain aspects of accounting for equity based compensation and will primarily affect our net operating income through its impact on stock compensation expense, net of taxes, diluted shares outstanding and earnings per share. As required by the new standard, the adoption is prospective and thus will impact only 2016 and future periods. In the first quarter the Company recorded $2 million in additional tax benefits as a reduction to stock option expense in our first quarter operating earnings, as opposed to directly increasing equity, as would have occurred under prior guidance. The adoption also resulted in an increase to the weighted-average diluted shares. The net effect of the change in the first quarter was a $0.01 increase in earnings per share. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments; we will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can take our first question from Erik Bass with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I guess first question on direct response. I think on the last call you talked about targeting a margin for 2016 in the 19.5% to 20% range. And the actual margin was about 18.5% this quarter. So just wanted to get any updates on your expectations for the year for that one?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah Erik, our expectation for the full year hasn't changed at this point in time. The claims were a little bit higher in the first quarter just due to some seasonal fluctuations. But our outlook for the full year is still on that - around that 19.5% to 20% range.
Erik Bass: Okay. And then just to clarify on the debt proceeds, the extra $50 million, am I taking it right from your comments that you would expect to keep that as sort of liquidity at the holding company near term and for general corporate purposes so we may see the holding company liquidity a bit higher than $50 for a period.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's possible. If over the course of the year we determine that we would need some additional financing down at the insurance subsidiaries or additional capital before the end of the year, then we could use those proceeds to finance some of those operations.
Erik Bass: Got it. And then just one last quick one I mean you talked about the impact of the stock option expense accounting change for this year, should we think about - I dont know how should we think about the impact beyond 2016?
Frank Svoboda: It's really hard to determine what it may be beyond 2016, really depends on changes in share price as well as the exercise patterns within the stock option grants that we have. At this point in time, we would anticipate that they would be in the same range as what we would see for 2016.
Erik Bass: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steven Schwartz: Good morning, everybody. Just a real quickly on Part D and the recovery of delayed payments, did that come in this quarter, does it come in the second quarter?
Frank Svoboda: There are receivables that are coming in throughout the year that the big payment from CMS will come in, in the fourth quarter of 2016. And we anticipate that being around $100 dollars for this year.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. That's what I wanted to know. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney. Please go ahead.
Bob Glasspiegel: Just a quick follow-up on the interest. Well have - is it June 15 retirement you said on the old one?
Gary Coleman: Thats correct.
Bob Glasspiegel: So youll have two and a half months of extra interest in Q2 and then it will go down fractionally Q3, Q4, is that calculated?
Gary Coleman: Thats exactly right.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. And in your discussion on capital available for buyback, I mean you went through the $60 million possible needs for the downgrade, but then you said you might operate with a little less RBC for a bit. Was the long and the short of it dont change your buyback assumptions for now, but there a little bit of risk?
Gary Coleman: Yes, I would say we do not anticipate that we are changing our buyback assumptions. And I think what I really had attempted to indicate was that even with the level of downgrades that we've had, we don't see a significant downgrades coming in the future. We think that between the excess proceeds that we have from the debt offering and our other sources that we will be able to fund whatever capital needs we need without having the impact to share buybacks. So we would get into them at 320, we're fairly comfortable with that number.
Bob Glasspiegel: And you give a nice thoughtful analysis of your energy exposure and sort of like, we're not going to be facing the same number of downgrades this quarter's, we did last quarter. Was that the read? Weve got, the current environment is factored into all your commentary?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, Bob we don't see significant further downgrades for one thing that oil price is building up over $40 a year is helpful to the bonds in our portfolio. And weve seen - I think I mentioned it, market base improved, generalized gains improved, excuse me unrealized losses improved by $37 million in the quarter. It improved even further since then. It's improved by another $52 million since the end of the first quarter, so we - all along we felt comfortable with the bonds the bonds. We feel even more comfortable with it now.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go next to Seth Weiss with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Seth Weiss: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And Frank I just want to follow-up again on the commentary on buyback and been able to use debt or other sources of liquidity to fund it if that RBC stays low for a period of time. You comment that you see the move below in RBC and sort of temporary. And Im curious why thats temporary, is it just if oil prices recover that'll get the bonds upgraded and the RBC back to 325. Just trying to distinguish the difference between the fundamentals of the bonds being money good and what fundamentally what make that RBC revert back to a more normal level from what you consider to be temporarily lower?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, no that is largely what we're really indicating there is that, we have had obviously some downgrades in the first quarter and the latter part of last year to the extent that the oil prices do recover, that we see the possibility and the probability that eventually those bonds would be upgraded to a higher NAIC level and requiring less RBC. So depending upon what we kind of see is the short-term or the long-term nature of when we think that recovery might occur that may lead us to making the decision to temporarily target an RBC level less than that 325 in anticipation of some of those future upgrades.
Seth Weiss: Okay. And I appreciate that. If we think about your example, and the comments around energy were helpful in the sense that the fundamentals would still be okay even if we stayed in a $30 to $40 oil range, but if that happened for a prolonged period of time, you would still see RBC lower, even if the quality of the bonds is good. So at that point, would you have to see a sacrifice to that patient buyback? I understand that 2016, we could hit that 320 number but if we look out into 2017 and we do have prolonged low period of oil, are we looking at a scenario where at some point you have to sacrifice on the buyback?
Gary Coleman: I would add that - what Frank was describing, where we are now, we could maybe need $60 million of capital to get to the 325%. We can - the point is we could easily do that with money that we have on hand. We don't expect significant further downgrades, but to the extent that happens, we still think we can cover that without - drawback program. One thing that Frank mentioned is that we're going to free up $70 million of capital in the next few years from Part D. That will go a long way toward helping, if there is any kind of capital shortage. The main thing is we don't want to put the money down on the insurance companies, unless we - until we determine we need to because once it's down there, and let's say bonds get upgraded and all of a sudden we have excess capital, it's difficult to get that excess capital back out because we have to go through the extraordinary dividend process with the states. So we think the best use of capital right now is to monitor it. We've got the cash available to cover any shortfall at this point. And we've got additional capital being freed up in the next two years, so if we get down the road and there is a sizable hole there, we'll fill it, but we're not at that point now. We would rather keep the money in the holding company until, until that time comes.
Seth Weiss: That's very helpful. Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kovac: Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to walk through the guidance update on the quarter, recognizing $0.04 for the full year is due to some of the accounting changes that you discussed. Can you sort of talk us through what the other $0.01 increase that you have in there is from? It sounded like maybe there were some headwinds on the excess investment income relative to the fourth quarter and maybe a little bit in direct response, so it sounded like you were more comfortable with that. Can you give us a sense of the moving pieces?
Frank Svoboda: Sure. No youre right. We've seen a little bit of that drag on the excess investment income. So where we have a little bit better of an outlook is really in our Liberty National operations. I think so we have a little bit - we've increased, if you will, where we kind of see - I think in previous guidance we had pointed that we had thought that would be, you know, the margins for the full year, you know, would be closer to 26%. Based on some of the experience and the claims activity that we're seeing there and throughout the first quarter, we're feeling a little bit better about that and see our underwriting margin may be getting closer to 27% on that particular, on that particular line. And then just maybe a little bit better outlook for American income as well, even though that's a little bit smaller. So it's really a little bit better underwriting on those two lines of business, offset by a little bit of a drag on the excess investment income.
Michael Kovac: Okay. That makes sense. And then in terms of thinking about the future growth and agency recruiting, can you give us an update on sort of generally what you're seeing in terms of future pipeline for agency recruiting?
Larry Hutchison: Talk about globe first, direct response. We are going to see circulation volume continue to decline in 2016 as we adjust our marketing efforts to maximize sales and profits. Currently we're expecting about a 20% decrease in circulation volume for 2016. In terms of inquiries, we think well see 1% to 3% increase in inquiries in electronic media. And we should see a 15% to 20% decline in inquiries in that media. With respect to this agency operation, we are expecting agency growth in all three agencies, projected growth at the end of the year. We think we'll have an ending agent count of American income of about 6600 agents to 6750 agents. Liberty national will have an increase in agents from 1625 to 1725 agents and Family Heritage - ending agent count of 912,000 agents thats incorporated in our updated sales guidance, which is increased at Liberty National, we will see an increase in life sales of 7% to 9%, net health sales of Liberty National should increase 5% to 7%. Our sales guidance of the American income is unchanged from last quarter. We think well see a 5% to 7% increase. Family Heritage was slightly lower, to 2% to 6%, because we had slower sales and lower productivity than anticipated in the first quarter.
Michael Kovac: Thanks, thats helpful.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. On the direct response business can you discuss just the weakness in sales and how much of that is due to a reduction in circulation on your part versus just lower success of some of the programs that you've cut on and then have a follow-up as well?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy I wouldnt characterize the weakness of sales, this is intentional, we started to decrease circulation in the third and fourth quarter of last year. The decrease in sales expected in 2016 primarily a result of adjusted marketing activities to eliminate those unprofitable sales. As weve discussed previously, we encountered lower than expected profit margins at certain target populations where we use prescription drug data. As a result, we decreased our circulation and we decreased our mailings in profitable segments. Additionally, this year well re-price segments for our new business to reflect updated mortality. We do have initiatives to increase circulation. We've tested formats, creative content to improve our response rates and conversion rates. We're working to identify new media and finally we are trying to negotiate the best possible medium print production costs to maximize our circulation, all of which we hope will have a positive impact and we get back some of the circulations proceed through 2016.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just on your investment portfolio, how do you think about just managing your energy exposure especially the low investment grade energy? Spreads have obviously tightened recently and to the extent that tight more, what do you think about selling some of those bonds and instead reinvesting in high yield or higher grade securities or are you comfortable holding on to them?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I think we're comfortable holding on to them for - mentioned several reasons earlier, but oil prices are up significantly over where they were at the end of the year and expectations are that there will be higher going forward. So we are buying hold and we don't see a need to sell any of them.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And it does appear we have no further questions at this time. I'll return the floor to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thanks for joining us. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Erik Bass - Citi Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Randy Binner - FBR John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Torchmark Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2014 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net operating income from all operations was $131 million or $1.05 per share, a per share increase of 5% from a year ago. During the fourth quarter, management determined that the Part D business met the criteria to be held for sale and is classified as discontinued operations. Net operating income from continuing operations, which excludes Part D, was $131 million or $1.05 per share up 6% on a per share basis from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $133 million or $1.07 per share, a 5% decline on a per share basis. The decline was due primarily to the fact that we had $11 million of tax driven realized losses in the fourth quarter of this year compared to a gain of $5 million in the year-ago quarter. With fixed maturities that amortized cost, our return on equity as of December 31, was 14.5% and our book value per share was $30.09, an 8% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $32.71, a decline of 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5.5% to $521 million, while life underwriting margins was $145 million, up 6.3% from a year ago. Net life sales increased 2% to $99 million. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $225 million and health underwriting margin was up $51 million approximately the same as a year ago. Health sales declined 17% to $16 million due to the decline in group sales. Individual health sales were $38 million, up 20%. Administrative expenses were $48 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.3% compared to 6.1% a year ago. The primary reasons for the increase in administrative expenses are higher information technology and pension costs. For the full-year, administrative expenses were $186 million or 6.2% of premium. In 2016, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5% and to remain around 6.2% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'll now go over the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $213 million and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $69 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 9% due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average agent count for the fourth quarter was 6,590, up 4% over a year ago but approximately the same as the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,552. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 6,600 to 6,800 at the end of 2016. Life sales for the full-year 2015 grew 15%. We expect 5% to 7% life sales growth in 2016. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $185 million. Life underwriting margin declined 2% to $37 million. Net life sales were down 3% to $37 million. Life sales for the full-year of 2015 grew 4%. We expect life sales to be flat or down slightly in 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $67 million, approximately the same as the year ago quarter. Life underwriting margin was $19 million, up 24%. Net life sales decreased 5% to $9 million. Net health sales decreased 4% to $5 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,539, down 2% from a year ago, and down 3% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,478. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 1,550 to 1,625 at the end of 2016. Life net sales for the full-year of 2015 grew 4%. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 4% to 7% for the full-year 2016. Health net sales for the full-year 2015 grew 4%. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 2% to 4% in 2016. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $57 million. Health underwriting margin increased 2% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 2% to $12 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 877, up 12% from a year ago but down 3% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 911. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 975 to 1,000 at the end of 2016. Health sales for the full-year 2015 grew 7%. We expect health sales growth to be in a range of 5% to 9% for the full-year 2016. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 12% to $90 million. Net health sales declined from $51 million to $38 million. Individual sales grew 49% to $18 million. Our group sales declined 47% to $21 million. Individual Medicare supplement sales for the full-year 2015 grew 36%. For the full-year 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 8% to 10%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less acquired interest on policy liabilities and debt was $54 million compared to $55 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was flat. As discussed on previous calls, the Part D segment has had a negative impact on excess investment income due to negative cash flows that occurred during the year, including the long delay in receiving reimbursements from CMS for excess claims paid by the company. The impact of the lost investment income from the delayed receipt of reimbursements in reflected in income from continuing operations rather than discontinuing operations in accordance with applicable accounting rules. In 2015, Part D had a negative impact on excess investment income of approximately $8 million. In 2016, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 1% to 3%. However on per share basis, we should see the increase of about 6% to 8%. At the mid-point of our 2016 guidance, we're expecting a drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $8 million to $9 million. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $13.8 billion including $13.3 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $12.6 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus, and below investment grade bonds are $640 million compared to $561 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.8% compared to 4.4% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains of fixed maturities is 17%. Overall the total portfolio is rated A-minus, same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $506 million, approximately $408 million less than at the end of the third quarter. To complete the investment portfolio discussion, I'd like to address our $1.6 billion of fixed maturities in the energy sector. As a result of spreads widening in the fourth quarter, the net unrealized loss of our energy portfolio increased by $142 million to a total of $165 million at December 31. However, we believe the risk of realizing any losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. $1.5 billion or 94% of our energy holdings are investment grade. Only a $143 million or 9% of our energy holdings are in the oil field service and drilling sector. Approximately 70% of these bonds are investment grade. Also based on the consensus of expert views, our investment department believes that oil is more likely to increase to $45 a barrel or $50 a barrel during the next 12 to 24 months then to remain at current levels. We believe the companies in our portfolio can continue to operate for a very long time with oil prices at $45 a barrel to $50 a barrel. Even if oil remains around $30 a barrel for the next 12 to 24 months, we would not expect to have any defaults during that period. Finally, the companies we have invested in have a variety of options that they can utilize to avoid default, including but not limited to, reducing distributions to partners, drawing on lines of credit, and reducing exploration activities. Now we do believe that there could be further downgrades which could pressure our RBC ratio. However, that doesn't mean we would have to suspend or materially impact our stock buyback program. Frank, will address this in more detail when he discusses capital. Now as to investment yield in the fourth quarter, we invested $341 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sector. We invested at an average yield of 5%, an average rating of A minus, and an average life of 26 years. For the entire portfolio the fourth quarter yield was 5.81% down eight basis points from the 5.89% yield in the fourth quarter of 2014. At December 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.83%. The mid-point of our current guidance for 2016 assumes increasing money yields throughout the year averaging 5.25% for the full-year. We continue to hope for higher interest rates. As discussed on previous analyst calls, rising new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven reflected on the balance sheet since we do not expect to convert them to realized losses. We have the intent and more important the ability, to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protected products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess divestment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First I wanted to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the fourth quarter, we spent $83 million to buy 1.4 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $58.68. For the full year, we spent $359 million of parent company cash to acquire 6.3 million shares at an average price of $56.99. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $46 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow during the remainder of 2016. Free cash flow resulted primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2015 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect free cash flow in 2016, to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million. Thus including the $46 million available from assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have $366 million to $376 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. This level of free cash flow in 2016 is lower than recent years due to lower distributable statutory earnings at our subsidiaries in 2015. As we've discussed on prior calls, a key driver of the lower earnings is higher commission and acquisition expenses associated with the higher levels of sales growth we have experienced in 2014 and 2015, coupled with lower growth rates in investment income due to lower new money yields and adverse Part D cash flows. Another significant driver of the lower earnings is higher Federal income tax expense in 2015 as compared to 2014. At this time, we anticipate that statutory earnings in 2016 will be approximately the same as 201, as the profits from recent sales starts to emerge, the incremental impact of new sales lessens, and the growth in investment income improves. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of assets at the parent company, absent the need to utilize any of these funds to support our insurance company operations. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We currently plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last three years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liability, and our ratings. Although we had not finalized our 2015 statutory financial statements, we expect that the RBC percentage at December 31, 2015, will be around the 325% consolidated target. We do not anticipate any changes our targeted RBC levels in 2016. Our investment department has reviewed multiple scenarios of downgrades within our fixed maturity holdings including those in the energy sector. To put their findings into context, as a rule of thumb, downgrades of around $100 million in statutory book value would reduce our RBC ratio by approximately two percentage points and require around $9 million of additional capital to retain a 325% RBC level. Using this rule of thumb, and to the extent additional downgrades do occur in 2016, we are comfortable that we would be able to fund the additional capital requirements with available assets on hand and other sources of liquidity available to Torchmark without having to suspend or reduce the amount available for buyback. Now a few comments to provide an update on our Medicare Part D operations. Management has committed to a plan to sell the Part D business and expect it to be sold before the end of the year. We have met the criteria to account for the business as held for sale and the results of the Part D operations will be reflected within discontinued operations in our financial statements. As we have previously said, we originally decided to participate in the Medicare Part D program back in 2006 because most of the underwriting risk was covered by the government and we believe that would complement our Medicare supplement business. Over the years, the Part D business has been good for Torchmark as it is provided over $259 million of underwriting margin since 2006. However, this business has been changing rapidly over the past few years and the earnings had become much more volatile. Increased competition, industry consolidation, and preferred networks have reduced overall margins and made it more difficult for smaller players to compete in this market. While we are still generating profits from the Part D operations, those profits have been shrinking in recent years due to higher drug cost and increased administrative and compliance cost. We believe this trend will likely continue and perhaps could even turn into significant losses in the future as drug costs, especially those on specialty drugs continue to escalate. In addition, we have already seen regulatory changes that have shifted costs from the government to carriers and it appears likely that more cost shifting is to come. Overall, the risks and the administrative and compliance costs associated with the business are much greater than they once were and the business now demands an increasingly disproportionate amount of time and focus given its level of earnings. Looking forward, we prefer to focus our attention on our core life insurance businesses and our other lines of health business that produce more predictable stable margins. We previously indicated that we view this business opportunistically and then we would review it on a yearly basis. While the Part D business has been a good opportunity to this point, we no longer believe it is a business that makes sense for Torchmark going forward and therefore it is the right time to exit the business. We have included on our website a final operating summary for the discontinued operations. For the year we earn $10.8 million or $0.09 per share after tax. This amount was lower than we had anticipated on the last call due to higher than expected claims in the fourth quarter as a result of higher drug cost. To the extent, we were to hold the business for the full-year 2016; we estimate that our after-tax earnings would be in the range of $5 million to $9 million. As noted on our previous calls, the profits from the Part D business are further reduced by lost investment income that results from having to finance substantial cash outflows during the year including amounts paid upfront on behalf of the government that won't get repaid to us until the following year. These outflows are generally represented by the significant receivable balances that are included in the assets held for sale line of our consolidated balance sheet. The opportunity cost of not being able to timely invest the receivable balances is included in our continuing operations as required by the applicable accounting rules. However, to reflect what management considers to be a better reflection of earnings from the Part D operations, we have included on our website a schedule showing the pro forma income from discontinued operation, and includes an estimate of the after-tax cost of the foregone investment income. As we're in the midst of discussions with multiple parties regarding a purchase, we're unable to discuss the timing, potential value, or other details of the sale. However we do anticipate that the assets held for sale on our balance sheet will be fully recovered and do not believe the consummation of the sale will have a material impact on our income from continuing operations. Any such impact on earnings is included in the range of earnings guidance provided. Now with respect to our guidance for 2016, on our last call, we indicated a preliminary range of $4.25 to $4.55 for our 2016 net operating earnings per share with a mid-point of $4.40. Excluding the effect of the discontinued Part D operations, the mid-point would have been $4.35. We now estimate that our earnings from continued operations will be in the range of $4.28 to $4.48, a 6.1% growth at the mid-point over our 2015 earnings from continued operations. A schedule providing prior year earnings per share for continued operations only and our revised 2016 earnings per share guidance has been placed on our website. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments; we will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question today from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my call. I wanted to start with the last point on the revised guidance, the $0.03 increase in the midpoint. Looking at the different parts of the guidance that the granularity that you offer seems like you're expecting sales to actually come down a bit from your prior guidance, expenses may be going up a little bit, headcounts may be a little weaker. So where is the positive offset coming from? Where are you expecting to out-earn your previous guidance?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think in looking at the increase at the mid-point, we really have an improved outlook on life and underwriting margins, underwriting income overall and there is a slight margin improvement at Liberty National given the favorable claims experience that we had in Q4. And then really the high -- really favorable sales that we had at American Income is well just a better expectation with respect to some of our premium at direct response really impact the 2016 guidance. You need to remember that the some of the reduced sales guidance with respect to 2016 really don't impact the 2016 premiums as much as they will premiums looking out past that.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, that's helpful. And then you had talked about expecting new money yields going up a bit over the course of 2016, or at least that being one of your underlying assumptions. What's that based on there? Is it spread widening? Is it opportunities you see in the market?
Gary Coleman: It's a little bit of both it's we are expecting and this is from our investment department gave us all reports coming in with a consensus. We expect the treasury rate to, although it's declined so far in January, we expect it to gradually increase during the year. Spreads we're pretty much expecting to stay where they were towards the end of 2015.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then one quick final question. Is there any capital impact from the sale of the Part D business?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, there will be eventually some of the capital freed up. We do have to carry some RBC on that business. We would estimate, we would probably carry, we don't have the final RBC for 2015 done yet, but with respect to that business that we would expect it to be somewhere may be in that $60 million to $70 million of capital ultimately we hold on that business. We would see that capital being freed up over the course of 2016 and then partially and then more fully over the course of 2017.
Yaron Kinar: So the expectation would be then that it would be deployed like in 2017/2018?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, and though it's a possibility that we would be able to deploy that capital or would be able to distribute some of that excess capital, but we would really have to be able to see what's the capital situation looks like at that point in time, but probably it really wouldn't be fully available if you roll into that 2017/2018 timeframe.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So first question just on available resources for buybacks in 2016. I think Frank; you mentioned the cash available with the liquidity on hand will be $366 million to $376 million. And if I assume like roughly $70 million for dividends and also put in the cushion that you're going to hold a $50 million to $60 million, it implies buybacks of about $250 million in 2016. Is that a fair assumption?
Frank Svoboda: No, I think our, as I indicated I think the free cash flow that was available for buyback that we see for 2016 should be in that range of $320 million to $330 million.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, got it. Because I was taking out the dividend and the numbers you gave were post dividend?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's correct.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then as we think about from 2016 to 2017, given I think you mentioned in your remarks that sub-dividends will be somewhat stable or flat, that number shouldn't change that much in 2017, right?
Frank Svoboda: That's correct.
Jimmy Bhullar: And the proceeds from the sale whenever that happens are those going into the sub, or would those come directly to the whole? I realize the capital freed is going to be sitting in the sub and might not be dividend deductible, but what about the proceeds, where would those go?
Frank Svoboda: Those go into the subsidiary.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And when you talked about freed capital that did not obviously include any impact from proceeds, right? From the sales proceeds?
Frank Svoboda: That's correct.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just on the business, your direct response sales were weak, and I think you're expecting a flat or sort of flattish sales in 2016 off of just 4% growth in 2015. So may be talk about what's going on there, whether it's because of the market environment or is it more some of the changes that you're making, given what's happened with your margins in that business?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, as we have discussed previously, we've experienced lower than expected profit margins associated with prescription drug underwriting changes. So sales will be lower since we've now adjusted our marketing activities to eliminate the segments of profitable sales.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Erik Bass with Citi.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. First Frank, could you just elaborate a little bit on your comment about if you do see ratings downgrades you think that you could use some assets on hand or other measures to kind of plug the RBC impact? Can you just expand on that a little bit?
Frank Svoboda: Sure. As indicated in the -- in my comments that we kind of looked and have that rule of thumb that roughly $100 million of downgrades would extrapolate into probably needing about an additional $9 million of additional capital retained at current RBC levels. And so whether it be the cash that's available at the holding company or as we said from being able to access the capital markets that we would have sources available to make for additional capital contribution to the company if we needed to. Because just even using that rule of thumb if we were to have around $500 million of downgrades which is about half of the BBB energy bonds that we have out there that would really indicate that we would only need around $50 million of additional capital to retain our existing RBC levels.
Erik Bass: Got it. And obviously one option would be to just not dividend that out as well. So I think were you implying that you don't expect any change to the free cash flow guidance or could the free cash flow be lower in that scenario?
Frank Svoboda: Always a possibility, but we would always be looking at the opportunities and looking for the cheapest or most inexpensive way for our shareholders to fund that additional capital.
Erik Bass: Got it, thank you.
Gary Coleman: Erik, I was just going to say, Frank is right. We probably use the lower cost approach. And if you're talking about $50 million we could use the cash on hand or we could borrow short-term at a very low cost. To us, that's a much lower cost and reducing the dividend, the amount we're dividending to the parent company.
Erik Bass: Got it, that's helpful. And then just one question on direct response policy obligations. As a percentage of premiums they were slightly above the 52% range that you're targeting for next year. Any comments there and what gives you confidence that that ratio will come down over the next year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes that's right, and that 52% was what we had there in Q4. And for the year as a whole we had the obligation percentage of around 51% which was right at the top edge of what we had estimated for 2015. I think for 2016 we had previously indicated we thought the policy obligations would be around that 52%. If I move that up just slightly to somewhere in the 52.5% range is kind of what we would anticipate for the policy obligations and we're still really seeing our -- the overall margin percentage on the direct response in '16 being somewhere in that 19.5% to 20% range pretty much related I previously indicated, we haven't really seen a lot of change in that at this point.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz: Hi, good morning, everybody. First just a couple I guess on Part D. It sounds maybe it's the nature of the Part D business, but it sounds to me from the conversation that just occurred with regards to when capital will be released, that you kind of will remain on the books, on the hook until current liabilities runoff. And then, so in a sense you're selling really the renewal rights. Is that an accurate way to think about it?
Frank Svoboda: Well we really would be, have responsibilities for the business up until the time of sales unless there's some other arrangement with a buyer from that perspective. Of course really can't get into any details of how that might work. But I think the point was that from an RBC perspective, the way that the RBC rules work is if we sold it now or part way through the year, you dont get 100% reduction of that at the end of 2016. Some of that bleeds over into 2017. And then of course we are settling up even in '17 just with respect to -- or potentially we could be settling up in '17 on just receiving payments and again just depending on how the sales process and what arrangements or work that would require.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then, Frank, I think you said that you thought the drag in 2016 from reimbursement patterns on Part D would hurt by about $8 million, your excess investment income. Does that mean looking at a 2017, model just add that back?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
Steven Schwartz: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: I mean in '17 let me modify that. In 2017 there is still going to be a little -- here again all that's kind of assuming that we have a business for the better part of 2016 and then there are you have a little bit of drag in 2017 just pending the receipt, if you will, of the various receivables that we would anticipate as of the end of '16.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then Larry, I apologize; I came a little bit late. Did you run through kind of the sales expectations for the individual agencies already? If you did, I'll just check the transcript.
Larry Hutchison: I did, but I'll be glad to go through it again. For 2000 --
Steven Schwartz: That's okay. I'll check the transcript. Let somebody else ask a question. Thank you, Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Okay.
Operator: And we'll go next to Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner: Yes, thanks. I guess Steven Schwartz kind of asked my question, but I'm just trying to understand what it is exactly you're selling? And I guess is the right way to think of it as mostly a renewal rights deal? I mean there is -- are there really standalone systems or other kind of distribution assets that would transfer with the business like this Part D business?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it really is a sale of contracts to be able to offer the Part D prescription drug coverage. So to a certain degree it is the renewal rights. We want to think about in that way, there arent any hard assets; we dont have any systems, those types of things that are infrastructure, if you will, that's being sold.
Randy Binner: All right. And then just to follow-up on an earlier question too. I guess the lack of earnings impact has to do with the fact that this is just a short tail business, so it resolves -- it kind of resolves itself over the next 12 months, and then someone would have the right to kind of take the book from there if they wanted to?
Frank Svoboda: Thats correct.
Randy Binner: And then just touching on, and I apologize if I missed this. But did you all go through kind of where you're getting new money yields right now on investment grade and below investment grade? And I'd also be interested if you're seeing kind of stress or need for derisking in any part of your investment portfolio outside of energy?
Gary Coleman: Well Randy, as far as where we're placing our money. I mentioned that it's primarily the industrial sector and that's where it's been as what we mentioned in the last two or three quarters. Within that it's mostly been in the consumer sector, we the transportation some of the other industrial sectors, we haven't really added to our energy exposure. As far as derisking, we don't see at this point a need to sell any of our bonds. And again let's talk about energy because that's what most people concern is. We feel confident in the bonds that we have and we expect them to be money good. So we don't expect to sell any of those. In the last few years we have, I think done a good job of spreading the risk of we were a little overweight on financials a few years ago with. I think it's -- I think we're pleased with where we are with our distribution by sector.
Randy Binner: And then just on yields, did you touch on where you're getting new money yields in investment grade? And is it investment grade kind of A minus; is that the center point of the portfolio right now?
Gary Coleman: It's A minus BBB plus.
Randy Binner: And what yield did you get in the fourth quarter there?
Gary Coleman: On fourth quarter we were just a little under 5%. And I mentioned earlier that we've had some tax driven sales at the end of the year that actually pushes a little bit under 5%. Had we not done that but I can't remember but it seemed like we would have been 5%, 10% or in that range. So far this quarter we've invested a little over $100 million as 5.25%. But the rates have just the last few weeks have gone down, and so, if we were investing money today it would probably around 5%.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John Nadel: Hi, good morning. I have a couple of questions. One on the American Income agent count, if I look 3Q to 4Q kind of surprised by the decline, maybe it's nothing more than some culling of underperformers at year end. I suspect that's really the answer for Liberty, but can you give us some color on that?
Larry Hutchison: I think your question was American Income or was it Liberty?
John Nadel: Well, the question about American Income. I'm -- I just -- I suspect because we typically see that kind of culling at Liberty in the fourth quarter. It doesn't -- I don't think we tend to see as much in American Income, but maybe I'm wrong.
Larry Hutchison: Okay, thank you. There is two reasons for lower guidance. It's based in part on the lower recruiting numbers I've seen during the fourth quarter of 2015 in January this year plus remember 2016 calls two strong years of agency and sales growth at American Income. Over the two-year period our industry grew by 23%. So based on our historical data I just sort of expect solid growth here in 2016. I'll be in a better position to give that guidance into the second certainly by the third quarter call probably better feel for the agent growth for 2016.
John Nadel: Okay. But the dip from the third quarter to the fourth quarter in the actual agent count not producing but I'm sorry, not the average producing agent count but the actual quarter-end agent count? What was the driver of that?
Larry Hutchison: And if you look back at that, that's seasonal with the Thanksgiving and Christmas Holidays. Within American Income there is always a seasonal drop from third to fourth quarter.
John Nadel: Okay. Then the second question is that sensitivity that you provided on the $100 million roughly of downgrades is equating to roughly two points on risk based capital. Is that a -- and what is the downgrade is that a one notch downgrade or is it a entire letter downgrade? Meaning if that -- if we thought about $100 million of your BBB is going to BBs?
Frank Svoboda: Generally I mean that's again kind of rule of thumb and looking at different multiple scenarios and kind of looking at just kind of what -- I hate to use the word averages, but just what can you glean from taking a look at all the multiple scenarios, including taking a look at just some of the part at just some of the -- we did look at just the BBBs and may be really more NAIC class 2s and moving them down into class 3 and what if everybody wants to go down a notch and I mean those are included in those various scenarios we took a look at.
John Nadel: In that case it would still stay within the NAIC 2 category, correct?
Frank Svoboda: It would stay within the NAIC -- well there would be some that would go from NAIC to NAIC --
John Nadel: 2 to 3, yes.
Frank Svoboda: It definitely did include the drops from 2 to 3.
John Nadel: Okay, that's helpful. And then the -- what was my last question? I'm sorry to do this to you. Oh, I guess my question is this: so as you think about the level of buybacks here for 2016, and it seems for 2017 a similar level, so in that $320 million to $330 million range is there some different approach to timing then that we should consider? I mean there's been obviously moves in the market and moves in stock valuations. I'm curious; you kept the pace pretty consistent during 2015. And I don't like to tend to ask about these kinds of questions about pace, but I'm sure you are just as aware as most market participants are aware that there's a lot of speculation about Torchmark amongst may be a few other companies as an interesting potential takeout candidate following some of the transactions that took place over the last year or two with Protective and Symetra and StanCorp. And I'm curious how you think about the impact of that on your stock price and on your pace of buybacks.
Frank Svoboda: I would say generally with respect to the pace of the buyback is that we would continue for the most parts to have those buybacks radically throughout the course of the year. So we would still think about having 80 some million dollars some per quarter. And then where you do think that maybe there is some market opportunities, may be that stepped up just a little bit in kind of a near-term. Obviously, we have had that from time-to-time, where one quarter was a little bit more or less than the average, if you will. But I don't see us wearing for all strategy at any significant degree.
John Nadel: Okay. And then is there any change as a result of Part D moving now into discontinued operations and essentially lack of sales at this point? Is there any change in the amount of new cash that you expect to be investing, the pattern that that looks like 1Q to 2Q to 3Q and obviously 4Q is a pretty high level of cash invested and I assume that was in part driven by the receipts of cash from CMS?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's correct. Looking forward to -- within 2016, it doesn't have a -- it will continue to have a drag throughout 2016, tends to build a more of a drag in the first three quarters of the year, but then a little bit more of that pop in the fourth quarter again.
John Nadel: And your expectations for what that receivable will look like? Were the cash received in the fourth quarter of '15, how much is that?
Frank Svoboda: We have around, yes, around $75 million what we would anticipate -- excuse me, that's as of the end of 2015 that we would -- no, that's right. In the fourth quarter of 2016 somewhere in that $75 million range is what we anticipate being a receivable from CMS.
John Nadel: Okay. So not nearly as big as the one from '14 received, just a quarter early?
Frank Svoboda: That's correct. We have -- we do anticipate it going down.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss: Hi. Thank you. Just wanted to follow-up on the I guess decline in cash flow for 2016 relative to really the last three years. Can you help just walkthrough the drivers of that? I know a lot of it is sales driven, but if you could give us little bit more granularity? I was little surprised at the step down in cash flow.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I mean -- again as indicated -- I think there is couple of key drivers that all kind of work together to push that down. But you do have the higher sales. Since we talked about you have higher sales and in the first year of those sales, acquisition expenses exceed the amount of premiums coming in, so there is a drag on your statutory earnings from those. And then in your -- you start having positive statutory incomes in that second year of this after the sale. But as you continue to -- as we have the last couple years, well we've had two really good years of continued sales and sales growth that's just pulling down on the amount of statutory income. And now we anticipate those future profits from the sales to start really emerging coming in the future here. But that's probably generating somewhere in that $15 million to $20 million of statutory drag in 2015 just by itself. And then in a lot of normal years you'd have good increase in investment income that would help to offset that. But unfortunately, the last couple of years with the continuing drag that we have had largely from the Part D, and then of course lower interest rates, and to some degree the higher direct response claims, we have been having growth in that investment income of only around at 2% or slightly above 2% level and rather than at that 4% or so percent where our invested assets are growing at. So that's winging on it. We have talked a little bit about we had some higher acquisition or administrative cost in this, just in growth in 2015 from some of our IT and pension cost and that type of thing. And then, the way that the accounting rules work for Federal income taxes, we just -- basically are -- you don't get quite the smoothing effect you have on for GAAP purposes. And we just end up having some higher taxes in 2015 here than we did on a comparable basis for 2014.
Seth Weiss: Okay. So there is I mean obviously a lot of factors there. If we look back over the last three years, was there anything unusual and perhaps unsustainable that was contributing to cash flow or would you think of the next two years as may be that the drag from higher sales in some of these other items that you've outlined as may be keeping it unusually low for a couple of years?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think your later comment. I think it's -- I don't see anything that was terribly unusual other than may be the drags of some of the higher direct response cost and then the drag from Part D.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Krueger with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Ryan Krueger: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Couple other follow-ups. In terms of the $60 million to $70 million of capital back in Part D to the extent that runs off, I can say wouldn't come through, I don't think as earnings that would. But would you still -- would you view that given that it would cause an increase in the RBC ratio as being able to be divided and up to the parent company in the following year?
Frank Svoboda: Right. It does not come through as earnings as you said. So that well it may be available as extraordinary dividend to the extent that our capital levels would permit it. But it truly would have to be something that would have to be approved by the regulators.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. Got it. And what entities are -- is this business in legally?
Frank Svoboda: United American predominantly.
Ryan Krueger: Got it. Okay. And then on the downgrade scenario. Some of the other companies that the scenario that they provided have been lower than the impact would like it would be if you simply apply the RBC and factors for C1 risk? And they've mentioned co-variants and diversification offset to that. It didn't seem like you -- I guess in your impact it didn't seem like there was any sort of co-variant offset, so how should we think about that?
Frank Svoboda: I think you should -- the impacts of the co-variant from the other offsets were taken into account, estimated to some degree within that overall rule of thumb that I provided.
Ryan Krueger: All right. And then last one. Can you just discuss the -- how the impairment policy work so from a pricing standpoint. So if you fully intent to hold a security to maturity, but the bond let's say is trading at $0.50 on the $1 for an extended period of time. Is there any -- anything that requires you to potentially impair that security if you still think it will pay off at par?
Frank Svoboda: No. And the answer to your question, the fact that it's just trading below book value in and of itself even for an extend period of time wouldn't require us to impair that security. We would have to take a look and evaluate that particular bond offering and determine do we think its money good. And as long as we believe that we're going to collect that, the principal amount from that. And in our particular case, we have the ability and the intent to hold those two maturities. So as long as we believe and can demonstrate that we will be able to collect that at maturity, then we do not have to have an impairment on the accounting rule.
Ryan Krueger: That includes both GAAP and statutory?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning. What's behind the margin improvement in Liberty National in Q4? And I think you said it was a factor behind your revised guidance for 2016?
Gary Coleman: Bob, it really is more of a timing issue there, because the -- if you compare the two quarters the reason for the higher margin is that we had lower policy obligations in fourth quarter '15. As it turns out, fourth quarter '14 was our highest policy obligation quarter and fourth quarter '15 was the lowest for the year 2015. If you look at on a year-to-date basis 2015 was 38% of premium versus 39% of premium the year before, so it's yes pretty much same. Our outlook for the coming year is that we'll policy obligations will be at around 38% level. And our margins would be somewhere I think at the midpoint about 26.5% and that's a little bit lower than 2015, but little bit higher than 2014.
Bob Glasspiegel: So you didn't say that the preset increase was partially due to Liberty National margin assumptions for '16 change?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. What I had just indicated was that we just had little bit of an improved outlook internally with respect to where that margin was with the -- from what we had back in the third quarter. So I think we're anticipating our overall margin to be somewhere in that 25% to 27% range for the entire year of 2016 and just a slight improvement over where we just kind of thought it would have been back in October.
Bob Glasspiegel: But nothing has changed at Liberty National Q3 to Q4; I misheard that for your outlook?
Frank Svoboda: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: We had a -- we -- between Q3 and Q4 guidance we just had a slight increase in our expectation of the margin for 2016.
Bob Glasspiegel: I thought you motioned Liberty National in that, but you didn't. You didn't mean too.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. On the price it was Liberty National.
Bob Glasspiegel: Now, I'm confused. Let me step back. So has Liberty National changed at all from Q3 to Q4?
Frank Svoboda: For Liberty National, our outlook on the overall margin for 2016 increased slightly, partially.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. What's behind that?
Frank Svoboda: Just a slightly better outlook as far as our net policy obligations.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. And what's the timing of the sale? How far alone are you? Are there RFPs out?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We can't -- we really can't talk about it.
Bob Glasspiegel: Whether there are RFPs out, you can't say?
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think in my comments indicated that we're in the midst of discussions with multiple parties.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg: Thanks. Frank, I was hoping we could return to the question about the reduction in ratings in the energy portfolio. Is the $100 million a principal amount on the $9 million of incremental capital that would be required? Is that the result of -- again in response to John Nadel's question, is that an analysis that looks at the impact of an -- of multiple rating, multiple scenarios for notching changes or just one notch? I was not clear in the response.
Frank Svoboda: It's kind of amalgamation of looking at multiple scenarios our investment department took a look at. Some of those scenarios would have taken -- would have looked at one notch downgrade for the entire portfolio.
Eric Berg: Right.
Frank Svoboda: We would have also looked within that those range of scenarios just dropped from NAIC from 2 to 3 for a certain amount of our portfolio. And obviously, it is different if you -- if all of the downgrades go from one notch down to another notch. If it's all 2 to 3 we'll have some impact. But as a general rule, we believe that this rule of thumb will hold or be fairly close.
Eric Berg: Okay. Why don't I leave it there for now? Thanks very much.
Operator: And gentlemen, at this time I'll turn the call back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right. Thanks for being with us. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP of IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR & Co Erik Bass - Citigroup Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Krueger - KBW John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to Torchmark's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, VP Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officer; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2014 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike. And good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the third quarter was $136 million or $1.08 per share, a per share increase of 9% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $145 million or $1.15 per share, a 15% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities that amortized cost, our return on equity as of September 30 was 14.7% and our book value per share was $29.53, a 7% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $34.21, a decline of 1% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations premium revenue grew 5.5% to $519 million, while life underwriting margin was $144 million, up 3.5% from year ago. Growth in underwriting margin lagged premium growth due to direct response clients which were higher than the prior year but in line with expectations. Net life sales increased 11% to $101 million. On the health side premium revenue grew 9% to $229 million and health underwriting margin grew 2% to $50 million. Health sales decreased 31% to $33 million due to a large direct response group that was added in the third quarter of last year. Individual health sales were $28 million, up 11%. Administrative expenses were $49 million for the quarter, up 8% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. The primary reasons for the increase in administrative expenses are higher information technology costs and pension costs. As a percentage of premium administrative expenses were 5.9% compared to 5.7% a year ago. For the full year we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 7% to 8% and around 5.9% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations work
Larry Hutchison: Thank you Gary. I will now go over the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $209 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $66 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 16% due primarily to increased agent counts and productivity. The average agent count for the third quarter was 6,604, up 8% over a year ago but approximately the same as the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 6,658. We expect 14% to 15% life sales growth for the full year 2015 and 6% to 12% for 2016. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $186 million. Life underwriting margin declined 2% to $40 million. Net life sales were up 8% to $38 million. We expect 4% to 5% life sales growth for the full year 2015 and relatively flat sales for 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million and life underwriting margin was $18 million, both approximately the same as the year-ago quarter. Net life sales grew 1% to $9 million and net health sales increased 10% to $5 million. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,586, up 2% from a year ago and up 2% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,602. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 5% to 6% for the full year 2015 and 5% to 10% for 2016. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 4% to 6% for the full year 2015 and 3% to 8% for 2016. At Family Heritage health premiums increased 8% to $56 million, while health underwriting margin increased 1% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 4% to $13 million. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 905, up 19% from a year ago but down 6% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 854. We expect health sales growth to be in a range from 6% to 7% for the full year 2015 and 5% to 10% for 2016. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 19% to $84 million. Net health sales increased from $10 million to $11 million. Individual sales grew 24% to $7 million and group sales increased 6% to $4 million. For the full-year 2015 we expect growth in individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 30% to 35%. As we discussed last quarter, we expect lower group sales in 2015 due to the unusual number of large group cases we acquired in 2014. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D declined 14% to $77 million, while the underwriting margin increased from $5 million to $9 million. The increase in underwriting margin was primarily due to an increase in excess rebates from drug manufacturers. We expect Part D premiums of $300 million to $310 million for the full year 2015 and $190 million to $230 million for 2016. We expect margin as a percentage of premium to be approximately 5% to 10% for 2016. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First excess investment income. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt, was $54 million compared to $55 million in the third quarter of 2014. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 2%. We have discussed on previous calls the effect of Part D on excess investment income. Excess investment income was negatively impacted by Part D to the extent of $2 million in the third quarter of 2015. For the full year 2015 we expect excess investment income to decline by about 1% to 2%. However, on a per share basis we should see an increase of about 2% to 3%. At the mid-point of our 2015 guidance we're expecting a drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $8 million. Now, regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $13.7 billion, including $13.2 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. At the fixed maturities, $12.6 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus and below investment grade bonds are $568 million, similar to the $570 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds in fixed maturities is 4.3% compared to 4.5% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6 times the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains of fixed maturities, is 15%. Overall the total portfolio is rated A-minus, the same as a year ago. In addition, we have not unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $914 million, approximately $81 million less than at the end of the second quarter. To complete the investment portfolio discussion I'd like to address our $1.5 billion of fixed maturities in the energy sector. We believe the risk of realizing any losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. 96% of our energy holdings are investment grade. At the end of the third quarter our energy portfolio had a net unrealized loss of only $23 million. Also, less than 8% of our energy holdings are in the oil field service and drilling sector. And we have reviewed our energy holdings and concluded that, while we expect to see some downgrades, we believe that the companies we've invested in can withstand low oil prices for an extended duration. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $188 million of investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial sector. We invested at an average yield of 5.1%, an average rating of BBB-plus and an average life of 26 years. For the entire portfolio the third quarter yield was 5.81%, down 8 basis points from the 5.89% yield in the third quarter of 2014. At September 30 the portfolio yield was approximately 5.82%. The midpoint of our current guidance for 2015 assumes a new money yield of 5% for the last quarter of the year. We're encouraged by the potential for higher interest rates. As discussed previously on analyst calls, rising new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven reflected on the balance sheet since we would not expect to convert them to realized losses. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell noninterest protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write off the AC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended lower interest rate environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First I would like to make a few comments regarding our share repurchases and capital position. In the third quarter we spent $99.3 million to buy 1.7 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $59.40. So far in September we have used $20.6 million to purchase 362,000 shares. For the full year through today we have spent $296 million of Parent company cash to acquire 5.2 million shares at an average price of $56.52. The Parent started the year with liquid assets of $57 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the Parent will generate additional free cash flow during the remainder of 2015. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the Parent from the subsidiary less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2015 to be in the range of $355 million to $360 million. Thus, including the $57 million available from assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $417 million of cash and liquid assets available to the Parent during the year. As previously noted to date we have used $296 million of this cash to buy 5.2 million Torchmark shares, leaving around $121 million of cash and other liquid assets available for the remainder of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of $60 million of liquid assets at the Parent company. For 2016 we preliminarily estimate that the free cash flow available to the Parent will be in the range of $350 million to $360 million. Regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries, we plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current rating. For the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but it's sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. As of December 31, 2014 our consolidated RBC was 327%. We do not anticipate any significant changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2015. On our last call we discussed the status of Standard & Poor's review of our current ratings, as they had previously placed us on negative watch. Since our last call we met with S&P to review our operations and financial outlook. Earlier this month they formally revised their outlook from negative to stable and confirmed our AA-minus financial strength rating at our insurance subsidiaries and Torchmark Corporation's senior debt A credit rating. In order to maintain adequate capital levels for S&P we will likely issue hybrid securities that are treated as equity for S&P capital purposes but debt for financial reporting purposes to refinance the $250 million of senior debt maturing in June 2016 and possibly to redeem a portion of affiliated investments held at the insurance company. The total financing needed will not impact our share buyback program and is expected to have an immaterial impact on Torchmark's earnings p r-share. Now, a few comments to provide an update on our direct response and Medicare Part D operations. As we discussed on our last call, growth in life underwriting income is lagging behind the growth in premium in the quarter primarily due to higher policy obligations in our direct response operations. As previously indicated, the higher policy obligations are largely due to higher than originally expected claims related to policies issued in calendar years 2000 through 2007 and in 2011 through 2015. We also indicated that policy obligations for the full year should be in the range of 50% to 51% of premium, up from around 48% in 2014. We currently anticipate that the direct response policy obligations will be at the high end of that range, resulting in an expected underwriting margin for 2015 of around 21%. Looking forward anticipate that the policy obligations will increase to around 52% in 2016 and that the underwriting margin will be around 20%. With respect to our Part D operations, income in the third quarter of 2015 was $9 million or around 12% of premium. And Larry noted in his comments, this increase in the quarter was primarily attributable to an improved outlook regarding rebates from drug manufacturers that are paid to us under our PBM contract with CVS. We've previously estimated that the margin on our Part D operations would be in the range of 6% to 8%. We're increasing that estimate for the full-year 2015 to a range of 8% to 11% based on a higher expected level of rebates relating to the 2015 plan year. During the third quarter CMS placed United American and First United American on enrollment sanction. During this time we're not permitted to enroll new individuals or groups into our Part D program. We're permitted to reenroll existing individual members into our 2016 plan, as well as enroll new members of groups that were policyholders at the time the sanction was initiated. We have submitted a remediation plan that has been accepted by CMS and we're proceeding with this plan in an effort to have the sanction lifted as soon as possible. The impact of the sanction on our 2015 membership and premium has been immaterial. However, we do anticipate a reduction in our 2016 Part D membership in premium income as a result of not being able to enroll new members. As Larry previously indicated, we anticipate that our total premium income for 2016 will be in the range of $190 million to $230 million and that our underwriting margin will be in the range of 5% to 10% of premium. As for guidance, for 2015 we expect our net operating income to be in the range of $4.20 to $4.26 per share, a 5% increase over 2014 at the mid-point. For 2016 we preliminarily estimate that our net operating income per share will be in the range of $4.25 to $4.55 per share, a 4% increase at the mid-point of the guidance. This increase is lower than anticipated due to the headwinds created by our Part D operations and the higher policy obligations in our direct response operations previously discussed. Absent these headwinds our year-over-year growth in 2016 would be between 7% and 8%. The negative impacts of both of these issues are expected to be less after 2016. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will now start with our first question from Randy Binner of FBR & Co. Please go ahead.
Randy Binner: Just a couple, one is on the recruiting efforts and specifically the overall exclusive agent count, but even looking at it by segment. It's maybe flat to down just a bit on a linked quarter basis, so, looking at it relative to the second quarter 2015. Yet, at the same time I think I would characterize the sales guide for 2016 as good. Just wondering if there was anything lumpy or unusual in the producing agent counts in the quarter and if we should read much into that sequential slowdown in the producing agent count in the third quarter.
Larry Hutchison: Our sales guidance incorporates a growth in the agent count in each of the exclusive agencies for 2016. So, I don't see a slowdown in recruiting. What I see is cautionary recruiting. It does change a little bit from quarter to quarter, Randy. As an example, at Family Heritage they had very strong first and second quarter recruiting. It slowed in the third quarter and as a result we had to drop the agent count. But we expect in 2016 to see growth in the agent count at Family Heritage as well as the other agencies.
Randy Binner: Is that like a one-for-one relationship percentage-wise, meaning, if you see sales up a certain amount, would we expect roughly a similar growth in producing agent counts?
Larry Hutchison: Sales usually lag agent growth because new agents are not as productive as existing agents. But eventually you see a correlation that's fairly close between agent growth and sales growth.
Randy Binner: And then just one on the investments, Gary mentioned that you got 510 basis points, roughly, on new money investment grade yields. I think that's like 40 basis points higher than what you quoted for investment grade last quarter on similar duration. So, a little color there. You said you focused on industrials, risk spreads were wider despite the move in the tenure. Is that what you saw? And any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Gary Coleman: Randy, we did invest heavily in the industrials but it wasn't so much a focusing on industrials. It's more in relation to the bonds that were available that met our other criteria. So, we were pleased with the yield we got. The 5.1% -- it was really 5.05%. From where we stand today we think fourth quarter will be around 5% from what people are saying about rates, we're looking for a modest increase in 2016. We're expecting to invest about 5% in the fourth quarter, we would expect in 2016 for that to be about 5.25%, slightly higher.
Randy Binner: Would that presume a move higher in the tenure or what's underlying that, the 5.25%?
Gary Coleman: It's more of a move in the 30-year because, again, as long as we're investing, that's the more appropriate to look at. What we see is, looking at the consensus out there, we're looking at about a 10 basis point increase per quarter in 2016. And that would get us to 5.40% by the end of the year but on average for the year it would be 5.25%.
Randy Binner: Okay. So, you're baking in basically the forward curve, if you will, into the guide on that.
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Randy Binner: We'll see what happens because their year's been pretty flat. But that's helpful to understand as part of the guide.
Gary Coleman: That's why I mentioned earlier, if we don't have higher interest rates we'll still be able to generate substantial investment income. But, again from what we see and people we've talked to, the consensus is that we will see a slight increase in rates.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Erik Bass of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Just on direct response, can you talk about what's pushing the margin outlook to the lower end of your target? And do you expect 2016 to be the trough margin level?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Erik, I think 2016 will be, as we indicated, lower than overall on a margin than what we anticipate here for 2015, around 20%. We think the trough is probably in 2017 or 2018. I think we indicated on the last call that we thought it should bottom out around somewhere in that 18% to 20% margin range. We still think that's the case and we probably see that maybe in 2018.
Erik Bass: And then maybe squaring with your comments around guidance was that you would expect a return to a more normal growth rate in 2017. But we're still going to see some of the headwind on the direct response margins continue post 2016. So, should we think about getting back to an 8% type growth rate or will it take longer to get there if some of these issues continue?
Frank Svoboda: We do anticipate just a slight decline in that overall margin on the direct response. We do think it will be slowing down from what we're seeing in 2016 so it will have less of an impact in 2017 and 2018. Very preliminarily we do anticipate that we can get out there to a normal growth range after 2016.
Erik Bass: And just final question, I think you're guiding to direct response life sales being flat for next year. I'm just curious as to the drivers there given relatively strong recent sales.
Larry Hutchison: The driver there is that the increase in claims is shifting our focus away from those segments in the markets in order to meet our profit objectives. So, our marketing models reside to maximize our production of new business. At the same time we want to meet our profit objectives, that's why we're predicting flat sales for 2016.
Erik Bass: So just more targeted sales, restricting the breadth is slowing the growth rate. Is that correct?
Larry Hutchison: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Seth Weiss of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Seth Weiss: On 2015 guidance, I'm a little surprised that the mid-point wasn't raised given the better Part D performance this quarter and the raised guidance that's implied for the fourth quarter. Is there any other negative, other than the direct response, coming into the low end of what you described? Is there any other negative to the rest of the business or is this just maybe some conservatism on the lower end of guidance?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Seth, it's largely driven by just a slightly higher outlook as far as the direct response coming at the higher end of that range. And then just a real little bit, the foreign exchange on AILs continuing to be at little bit more of a drag that what we had anticipated earlier on. So, that's impacting it just a little bit. Just a lower outlook on investment income just slightly. Some of the calls that we've had occurred a little earlier in the year than what we had anticipated. So, just a few little things like that on the margins that are just tending to offset the improvement on the Part D.
Seth Weiss: And then on Part D just a couple quick ones. The $192 million to $230 million of expected premiums, how much visibility do you have into this? And I assume this assumes no new enrollment given the CMS sanctions.
Frank Svoboda: That's correct. It would assume only that we would be exiting sanctions at some point in time during 2016, so then we would pick up some marginal increases there. But it's really, working with our consultants, just a best estimate on looking at the existing members that we would be able to retain and be able to get re-enrolled.
Seth Weiss: Okay. But there's not tremendous visibility, that could really fluctuate that number. I just want to understand it to now because we have into next year.
Frank Svoboda: There is really no real visibility that we have into it at this point in time.
Seth Weiss: And if I could just sneak one quick one on excess investment income. Can you give a sense of what your expectations are, what's built into guidance for growth of excess investment income for 2016?
Gary Coleman: We're looking for, at the midpoint of our guidance for 2016, we're expecting excess investment income to grow in the 1% to 2% range. On a per share basis it would be more around the 6% range.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ryan Krueger of KBW. Please go ahead.
Ryan Krueger: I have a couple follow-up questions, first on Part B. I think you mentioned that your remediation was accepted. Would you expect to start growing again in 2017 as you can reenroll?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. I think the expectation would be that going forward we would just have to see what the membership ultimately ends up being in 2016, the outlook that we have It's really difficult to see what would actually happen going forward. However, we really don't see it getting less in 2017.
Ryan Krueger: And then just a couple specifics on the 2016 guidance. Can you just talk about what you're expecting for administrative expense growth as well as growth in health underwriting margins?
Gary Coleman: As far as the administrative expenses, we're looking at growth there in the 4% to 5% range. As I mentioned earlier, the ratio expenses to premiums for this year for third quarter was 5.9% and for the year it'll probably end up at that 5.9% range. And for next year we're looking at it being in the 5.9% to 6% of premium and that translates into a 4% to 5% increase in premium and then on the health side, at the mid-point of our guidance we're looking for the health underwriting margins to be up around 1%.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Nadel of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
John Nadel: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just a quick one on Medicare Part D. Should we be thinking about, given the way the rebate has come through here, the nine months of 2015 as the way to annualize the earnings level for 2015 from Medicare Part D? Is that the right way to think about it, that the loss ratio in the third quarter is lower because it's making up for bringing through that rebate from the first two quarters of the year?
Frank Svoboda: That is correct. You have a partial inclusion of some of the excess rebate in the third quarter, as well. If the expectations come in, as consistent with what our current thinking is, then you'd see a little bit of a pickup of that in the fourth quarter, as well. Again, overall, we would anticipate our full-year margins to be somewhere in that 8% to 11% range.
John Nadel: And then as we look out to 2016 and even a little bit further beyond that, just thinking about the margin pressure until you find that trough a couple years out for direct response, any reason why that downward pressure at direct response should have anything more than a nominal impact on your free cash flow generation?
Frank Svoboda: No. I don't think so. You're having just a little bit of a higher claims, of course, that we're having there with the direct response. But as time moves on that will have less and less of an impact overall in the free cash flow. So, I really don't think it will have significant impact going forward.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a few questions, first on the Part D margins, the benefit of rebates. Can you discuss the rebates that you're getting? What period are they related to? Are they on business that you sold earlier this year or is it some of it related to business for 2014? And it seems like you're assuming that the benefit of rebates will continue partially into 2016, as well. And given the opaque nature of the whole process, what gives you confidence that that will be the case? And I have a couple other questions, as well.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, the rebates do relate to our 2015 plan year, so they really relate to claims that were paid earlier this year. And there's about a nine-month lag that we have in getting the rebates back from our PBM that they're able to pass along to us from the drug manufacturers. So, while we had an estimate of what those might be, given our new contract with CVS this year, as we got closer and we're starting to get our cash payments in, it really turned out to be higher than what we had originally anticipated. We anticipate those higher rebates to continue on. And the overall estimate, if you will, of those rebates that we expect to receive on the 2015 claims, that will all be built into the 2015. It won't impact 2016 margins, except to the extent that there's any kind of a true up between our estimates and the actual cash payments received.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the guidance for 2016, if I think about just the free cash flow and buybacks, buybacks alone should drive about 5% growth in your EPS. It seems like the lower half of the guidance, especially the low end of guidance, even if you build in the headwinds from low interest rates and weaker direct response margin, the low end of guidance seems ultraconservative. But what are some of the assumptions that get you to the $4.25 number in terms of margin, investment income and other things? Because that just seems like too low of a number.
Frank Svoboda: At this point in time, given that it's very preliminary and I think we talked about this on this call this time last year -- the way we tend to look at it when we look at that spread is if interest rates work against us and we have high claims again within various of our lines of business in direct response and American Income, you tend to look at if we end up with very low growth on the underwriting side and investment income tends to work against us. And you get all those type of things working altogether and that frames the boundary of that lower end.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then last thing just on your expectations for sales growth in the American income business, I think you mentioned low double digits but is that mostly driven by growth in the agent count or are you assuming productivity improvements there, as well.
Larry Hutchison: We're assuming both. We're going to have a lower agent growth in 2016, we believe, at American Income than 2015. We think for 2016 agent count should be between 7200 to 7500 agents. That would be an increase of 8% at the mid-point. We also think we'll see some improvements in productivity with respect to the percentage of agents submitting the average premium. It's awfully early, Jimmy. I think that's our best guidance at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Schwartz of Raymond James & Associates. Please go ahead.
Steven Schwartz: Just a few, as well. Larry, I don't know if this was intentional or maybe I missed it but did you have a UA sales target for 2006?
Larry Hutchison: Did not give a target for 2016. For individual Medicare supplement sales for 2016 we do expect 10% to 15% growth. The group sales are very hard to predict because it tends to be so lumpy. So I would take that there would not be an increase in group Medicare supplement sales in 2016.
Steven Schwartz: And then am I right, in my notes at least I have that you should be receiving a big cash payment from the federal government for losses incurred I believe it was last year?
Frank Svoboda: That's right. Yes, we expect to receive that payment here in November.
Steven Schwartz: And, Frank, how big might that be?
Frank Svoboda: The total payment will be around $150 million to $200 million, somewhere in that range.
Steven Schwartz: $150 million to $200 million. Okay, thank you. And then my last one, again for Frank, on the share repurchase or your guidance for free cash flow, does that incorporate some estimate for downgrades in the energy portfolio, because that will require more capital, I think?
Frank Svoboda: In taking a look at that obviously we built in some different scenarios with respect to what we think might happen in our statutory income and statutory capital needs. Whether or not we end up having some downgrade, if we end up having downgrades in 2016 it really won't impact our statutory earnings until 2016 which could impact free cash flow in 2017. But we don't really see that type of activity hitting in 2015 yet that would impact us there.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, you lost me, because downgrades don't necessarily -- well, I guess they could.
Frank Svoboda: They could.
Steven Schwartz: If they're bad enough. I'm thinking more along the lines of RBC for each grade. Got you. Does that have an effect?
Frank Svoboda: It could potentially. If it's significant enough it's possible that we would have to retain a little bit of additional capital in 2016 that is correct, to cover that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney. Please go ahead.
Bob Glasspiegel: I'm going to follow-up on Ryan and Steven's questions. On Ryan's Medicare Part D question, this is a question I've asked several times over the last several years and you've been right to give the answers you've given to date -- which is, why are you staying in that business given the volatility of earnings and the headaches of dealing with Washington administrators, et cetera? Is this an attractive business for you long term? I think you said the premiums won't decline in 2017.
Larry Hutchison: This remains a minor part of our business. When we think about Part D, the Part D changes on a yearly basis. So, we monitor that business every year to determine how to best move forward. That will be the case in 2017 and we will see what changes are coming through in Medicare Part D and determine how we move forward with that business. I don't know for certainty if we retain that business it will be a small part of our overall business.
Bob Glasspiegel: But the returns are still worth the aggravation?
Larry Hutchison: The current returns are but, again, I can't say what the returns are going to be in 2017, 2018. That's too far out to predict what the returns will be on Part D.
Gary Coleman: Bob, it's a decision we have to make each year as we go forward. As returns are still favorable lower than what they've been in the past, still favorable, but we will address it each year.
Bob Glasspiegel: On the statutory earnings, your 2015 GAAP earnings are flat versus 2014 on an operating basis. The per share grows because of the share count reduction. But your free cash flow looks like it's down about $5 million to $10 million versus last year. Is there anything driving the stat results of this year in your outlook versus last year that swings it to a negative?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, there's a couple of headwinds that you see on statutory and one of them is really primarily the high growth that we have in 2015. Remember, on a statutory basis all the acquisition costs are required to be written off whereas we get to capitalize them for GAAP. You do have somewhat of a drain and a challenge, if you will, on your statutory earnings in those year of high growth. I think that's largely driving a little bit of that difference between really seeing flat statutory earnings to maybe even a slight decline. We haven't completed our third quarter statutory financials yet so it's a little bit early to see exactly where that's going to come in.
Bob Glasspiegel: Makes sense. And credits been a non-event in both years year over year?
Gary Coleman: Yes. A non-event.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Eric Berg of RBC. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg: At Globe, could you describe what's going on underneath the numbers? And by that I mean can you describe the claims dynamic that will result in a lower margin next year than this year and a lower margin still in 2017? What's happening there in terms of customers for which there was an underwriting issue coming into the mix? I'm trying to understand the dynamic.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Eric, I think what you're really seeing is a continuation of what we experienced here in 2015 where the claims are just higher than expected. We had built in certain mortality assumptions with respect to our overall pricing. And where the mortality and the actual claims aren't necessarily higher than what we have historically experienced, they're just higher than we expected. For GAAP reporting purposes, as those claims are actually coming in and they're coming in greater than what we had thought, it hits the bottom line at that point in time. Through the use of the RX and largely it's here on the 2011 through 2015 block, but as the claims start to really materialize on those particular blocks that's where we had thought that we were going to obtain some greater benefits than we really were from using the RX in this underwriting process.
Eric Berg: More specifically, is the idea that you saw certain, I'm just trying to understand on the ground, so to speak, what's happening here and by this I mean, is the idea that you saw individuals taking certain prescribed medications, whether it was medications for cholesterol or hypertension or what have you and you thought that these medications would produce a reduced level of mortality and that reduced level of mortality wasn't as great as you had anticipated?
Gary Coleman: That's correct.
Larry Hutchison: Eric, we started this process in 2011. In 2011 we used outside consultants because it really hadn't been used in our segment of the business. Since 2011 we've attained a lot more data and we're seeing the claims mature from 2011 and we've made adjustments. Since then we will continue to make adjustments on a go forward basis. I think the impact of the RX from 2011 to 2014 will be contained and we won't see that impact going forward in new issue years.
Eric Berg: And just one question regarding Medicare Part D, as I understand what you said earlier in the conversation the receipt of cash from the government in particular from rebates on a lag basis nine-month basis was the major factor behind the surprise here, if I understand what you said. If I have that right, if the receipt of cash on a lag basis produces a surprise, then how can you be confident that your rebate estimates for next year will be close to the mark?
Frank Svoboda: You mean trying to estimate the overall underwriting margins for 2016?
Eric Berg: Yes, precisely. That's my question.
Frank Svoboda: Again, the rebates that we're seeing here in 2015, it's the first year that we had our contract with CVS, brand-new PBM contract. The mechanisms that are being used to generate those rebates were new. So, for 2016 we will just have that little bit more of experience. We will have the full year of 2015 as we're putting together those estimates for the amount of rebates in 2016.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mark Hughes of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: You had talked about the choppiness in the large group sales, it's less predictable. Is that market still as attractive as it was? Has that gotten more competitive? Less competitive?
Larry Hutchison: It's not more or less competitive. The issue is that you have large groups that you quote on every year and you're just uncertain as to how many of those large groups you're going to be successful in obtaining as new business. So, as we've said, we use the term lumpy, it is lumpy because in some years we have more large groups than others. You can also lose a large group and your premiums would go down for the year.
Mark Hughes: But you haven't noticed any change in trend and competition or your yield or your expected margins on that business?
Larry Hutchison: No.
Mark Hughes: And then the Part D, the remediation effort, does that have any impact on profitability or is there anything that you do that will have a sustained impact on your cost structure or profit expectations?
Frank Svoboda: It impacts the enrollment, so obviously you have the impact on the overall profitability there. And other than just having a little higher costs that we're incurring in order to get to work through all the remediation, other than that it doesn't really have an impact on, if you will, the nature of the profitability of the individual enrollees.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Just a question on Part D. When do you expect to get an answer or have visibility on whether the sanctions are going to be removed?
Brian Mitchell: Yes. This is Brian Mitchell. We got our corrective action plan filed and approved almost immediately, in fact, a little bit of head of time. With regard to the time limits that CMS had set for us, we're working through the corrective action plan. And I feel like we're in good stead with where we're in that process currently. Based on the complaints that were levied and the basis for the sanctions, I would anticipate and am hopeful that we will be out of sanctions sometime in 2016. Looking at the length of time that most companies who have been under sanction stay, it's been a wide range. It's been as small, I think, as five months and as long as 21 or 22 months. And I think we're on track for 2016.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. So, let's roll forward to 2016 and if the sanction is lifted, when would you be able from a time line standpoint to start again with new enrollees? Would it be end of 2016?
Brian Mitchell: The people who are turning age 65 would be able to enroll throughout the year. There is an open enrollment period that is at the end of the year. I think it runs from mid-October to mid to early December. So, that would be the bulk of the enrollees, of course. And we would be able to -- part of the sanctions involved cessation of marketing and we would be able to, I would assume that would be lifted and we would be able to begin marketing again in 2016.
Tom Gallagher: And have you looked at others who have been sanctioned and whether or not that would prevent you or limit your revenue growth opportunities? Is there any stigma associated with that when we think about recovering revenue into 2017 and 2018? Or do you believe that you'd be able to significantly grow revenue from, we'll call it, $200 million-ish type level that you're predicting for 2016?
Frank Svoboda: Tom, I would say that that would all depend upon the nature of whatever bid that we would put in in June of 2016. So, whether or not revenue would grow or any of that effect would just totally depend upon what type of a strategy we would employ with respect to how we're structuring our overall premium levels and big structure. I think from the word that we've received as far as coming out of sanctions, the fact that you were in sanction and coming out of sanction really would have little or no impact on your ability to market to and attract new enrollees going forward.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And my last question is just on direct response. You had indicated that you're limiting the targeted group of clients but not actually repricing it. Or are you also repricing, whether that's features or the actual premium that's being charged?
Larry Hutchison: There is a repricing that takes place in terms of as you model the business. I think the impact we're going to see is in inquiries. There's three segments of our business. We will continue to see growth in our electronic inquiries. And I think we will see inquiries [indiscernible] decline as to continue to eliminate circulation of programs that do not meet our profit objectives. So, it would be in that set of the business I think we will see the biggest impact.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Just want to follow-up on a few of the questions that were asked. First, the $150 million to $200 million that you expect to receive from the government in 2016 that check comes in November, right?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
Yaron Kinar: So, there shouldn't be any real impact on excess investment income from that in 2016. It would be more of a 2017 driver?
Frank Svoboda: That would be received here in November of this year. So, that's built into our expectation of excess investment income in 2016.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I'm a little surprised then to see that, even excluding the direct response and Part D businesses or the headwinds you see there, that earnings would grow only by 8%-ish year over year given that you are getting this nice boost in excess investment income. Are there other headwinds that you're anticipating?
Frank Svoboda: Keep in mind and maybe to finish that story on the Part D, there is the payment that we're getting here that relates to the 2014 business. As of the end of the year in 2015 we do anticipate that we will still have about $150 million of receivable from the government. That won't get collected until November of 2016, that's really where your point was. So, we're going to be receiving a payment here in this next month. That's why currently we have over $300 million of receivables from the government. We anticipate that by the end of 2015 again that that level be down to around $150 million. And then in 2016 we have attempted to restructure the flow-throughs. So we do expect less of a drain on 2016 but there'll still be some negative outflows even occurring throughout 2016. That's why, when you look at some of that growth in 2016 on the excess investment income, there does continue to be a drag from Part D on that, that we really don't see getting lifted in probably 2017.
Yaron Kinar: In direct response I think last quarter you'd said that you were still studying the results of the 2011 through 2015 policies that were underwritten using the prescription drug database and at the time you couldn't really point to any distinct pockets or demographics that were driving the higher than expected claims. Have you since learned of any discernible trends or patterns?
Frank Svoboda: We have seen some different trends and patterns. It really gets into how we're using our rules engines. It's really at a level of detail that we don't want to discuss on the call. But it is information that we're then taking, looking and using to see how do we modify how we're using that and getting into what Larry's indicated how we think about the marketing and the different segments that we'll continue to market in.
Yaron Kinar: But you do have now a game plan set out?
Frank Svoboda: A much better idea of how to go about using that.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And final question, on the deficiencies leading to the CMS actions, I think in the prepared comments you said that the CMS accepted the remediation plan and it addresses its concerns. But my understanding is that the CMS sanctions came after several years of deficiencies that they had pointed to. And I was just curious, were there corrective action plans that were submitted over those past three years that were trying to address these weaknesses?
Brian Mitchell: Yes. Not in a formal approval stance but we've worked with CMS over the years to address the issues that came up in the 2012 audit. They really related to grievance issues which essentially is customer service and coverage determination which pertains to claims. We have made significant improvement over the years in those areas and felt like the audit on itself that happened at the end of the spring was a good quality audit. It was just that, due to the fact that we had some repeat violations from that earlier audit, CMS felt like enrollment sanction which is an intermediate sanction, was appropriate at the time.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So, you feel like the current plan that's in place will address some of those outstanding issues?
Brian Mitchell: I believe it will address all of the outstanding issues that were raised in the sanction letter. Yes. We're required to address each one and then have approval by CMS as to how our plan would progress.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like to hand it back over to Mr. Majors for closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line. And have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Erik Bass - Citi Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Mark Hughes - SunTrust Eric Berg - RBC Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Ryan Krueger - KBW Colin Devine - Jefferies Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse John Nadel - Piper Jaffrey Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2014 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Then, I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the second quarter was $133 million or $1.05 per share, a per share increase of 30% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $127 million or $1 per share, a 2% decrease on a per share basis. With fixed maturities and amortized cost, our return on the equity as of June 30 was 14.7% and our book value per share was $28.91, a 7% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $33.94 approximately the same as a year ago. In our Life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5.7% to $520 million while life underwriting margin was $139 million, down 1% from a year ago. Despite the growth in premium, underwriting margin declined primarily due to higher claims in Direct Response. For the full year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase 1% to 3% over 2014. Life sales increased 6% to $108 million. On the Health side, premium revenue grew 8% to $232 million and health underwriting margin grew 4% to $52 million. The growth in underwriting margin lagged the growth in premium due to the large amount of group business added in 2014 which has lower margins than our other health business. For the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to increase 2% to 4%. Health sales increased 8% to $31 million. Administrative expenses were $47 million for the quarter, up 3% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 5.7% the same as a year ago. For the full year, we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 6% to 7% and around 5.8% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I will now go over the results for each company. At American Income life premiums were up 9% to $207 million and life underwriting margin was up 6% to $64 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 13% due primarily to increased agent counts. The average agent count for the second quarter was 6,603, up 15% over a year ago and up 5% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 6,516. We expect life sales growth for the full year 2015 to be within the range of 11% to 13%.  Our Direct Response operations at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $188 million, but life underwriting margin declined 16% to $37 million. Net life sales were flat at $45 million. We expect 4% to 6% life sales growth for the full year 2015. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million, approximately the same as a year ago. Our life underwriting margin was $18 million, down 3% from the year ago quarter. Net life sales grew 6% to $9 million. Our net health sales increased 4% to $4 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,550, up 4% from a year ago and up 6% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,550. Life net sales growth is expected to within a range of 5% to 7% for the full year 2015. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 2% to 4% for the full year 2015. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased to 8% to $55 million while health underwriting margin increased 5% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 4% to $13 million. The average producing agent account to the second quarter was 960, up 27% from a year ago and up 22% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 969. We expect health sales growth to be within a range from 8% to 10% for the full year 2015. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 16% to $88 million. Net health sales increased from $9 million to $10 million. Individual sales grew 21% to $7 million while group sales declined 6% to $2.8 million. For the full year 2015, we expect growth in individual sales to be around 15% to 20%. As we discussed last quarter, we expect lower group sales in 2015 due to the unusual number of large group cases we acquired in 2014. Premium revenue from Medicare part D declined 11% to $75 million, while the underwriting margin declined from $9 million to $5 million. The decline in underwriting margin was in line with our expectations, was due to the increase in Part D drug cost discussed our previous call. We expect Part D premiums of $305 million to $315 million for the full year 2015. Expect margin as a percentage of premium to be approximately 6% to 8%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I will spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income, less required interest on policy liabilities and debt, was $57 million, approximately the same as the second quarter of 2014. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 5%. We have discussed on previous calls the effect of Part D on excess investment income. Excess investment income was negatively impacted by Part D to the extent of $2 million in the second quarter of 2015. Excluding the negative impact of Part D, excess investment income would have been at 2% compared to the year ago quarter and up about 7% on a per share basis. For the full year 2015, we expect excess investment income to decline by about 1% to 2%; however, on a per share basis we should see an increase of about 3% to 4%. At the midpoint of our 2015 guidance, we're expecting a drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $8 million. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $13.6 billion, including $13.1 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. As of the fixed maturities, $12.5 billion our investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $580 million compared to $563 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4%, the same as a year ago. With the portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 16%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-, same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in a fixed maturity portfolio of $1 billion, approximately $935 million lower than at the end of the first quarter. The decline in unrealized gains were generated by higher interest rates, not by concerns over credit quality. Due to the recent events in Greece, I'd like to everyone of our limited exposure there. We have no direct exposure to Greek sovereign debt and we have no exposure to companies that do business primarily in Greece. We dont expect to realize any losses should Greece exit the Euro zone. To complete the investment portfolio discussion, I'd like to address our investments in the energy sector. I believe the risk of realizing any losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. Over 96% of our energy holdings are investment grade. At the end of second quarter, our energy portfolio had net unrealized gain of $69 million. Less than 8% of our energy holdings are in the oilfield service and drilling sector. We have reviewed our energy holdings and concluded that while we may see some downgrades we believe that the companies we invest in can withstand low prices for an extended duration. Now to investment yield, in the second quarter we invested $250 in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.7%, an average rating of A- and an average life of 30 years. For the entire portfolio second quarter yield was 5.85%, down 7 basis points from the 5.92% yield in the second quarter of 2014. At June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.83%. The midpoint of our guidance for 2015 is same as the new money yield of 5.0% for the two quarters of the year. And one last thing. We are encouraged by the potential for higher interest rates. As discussed previously on analyst calls, rising new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven reflects it on the balance sheet as we would not expect to convert them to realized losses. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments through maturity. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. First, I'd like to briefly discuss a few items impacting our 2015 earnings guidance. As Gary mentioned, growth in life underwriting income lagged behind the growth in premium in the second quarter due to higher policy obligations in our Direct Response operations. In the second quarter this year, policy obligations at Direct Response were 52% of premiums versus 49.1% in the first quarter and 48.1% for all of 2014. As discussed on our last call, we thought the percentage would trend higher during 2015 and be around 49% for the year primarily due to anticipated higher claims related to policies issued in calendar years 2000 through 2007. With claims data through June 30, we are now seeing higher claims than anticipated on policies issued in 2011 through 2013 as these policies exit a two-year contestability period. Beginning in 2011, we introduced the use of prescription drug database information into our underwriting procedures for certain adult policies with an expectation that our mortality experience would be better on such policies than historical experience. While actual mortality related to policies issued in 2011 through 2013 has not been greater than historical levels, they are higher than we assumed when the policies were issued. Approximately, 9% of the premium collected in 2015 relate to policies issued in 2011 through 2013 were used as a prescription drug database. We believe the higher than anticipated claims will continue throughout the year and, thus, we are now revising our estimate of policy obligations for the full-year 2015 to a range of 50% to 51% of premiums. At the midpoint of this range, the Direct Response obligations will be approximately $12 million higher than previously estimated. This increase is in the expected policy obligations at Direct Response is the primary driver of the $0.05 reduction in the midpoint of our guidance from $4.28 to $4.23. Now regarding our share repurchases and capital position. In the second quarter, we spent $86.3 million to buy1.5 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $56.93. So far in July, we have used $15.8 million to purchase 269,000 shares. For the full year through today, we have spent approximately $192 million of parent company cash to acquire 3.5 million shares at an average price of $55.25. The parent started the year with liquid assets of $57 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow during the remainder of 2015. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2015 to be in the range of $355 million to $360 million. Thus, including the $57 million available from assets on hand at the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $417 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As previously noted, to-date, we have used $192 million of this cash to buy 3.5 million Torchmark shares, leaving around $225 million of cash and other liquids assets available for the remainder of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets as a parent company. Regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but it is sufficient for our company in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. As of December 31, 2014, our consolidated RBC was 327%. We do not anticipate any significant changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2015. As we have discussed on prior calls, S&P changed their view last year after the treatment of certain intercompany preferred stock and requested additional capital be contributed to our insurance subsidiaries to retain our credit ratings. We have reviewed various alternatives available to us and are scheduled to meet with S&P in August or September where we will discuss potential solutions and courses of actions with them. Based on our analysis to-date, should we decide add additional capital, we believe we will be able to address the additional capital needs without significantly impacting our free cash flow available for buyback. One option available is for Torchmark to issue additional hybrid securities treated as debt for financial reporting purposes, but equity for S&P capital purposes. If we were to issue such securities in an amount sufficient to meet the entire shortfall we estimate that the overall impact on EPS would be less than $0.01 per share. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2015, we expect our net operating income to be within a range of $4.18 per share to $4.28 per share, a 5% increase over 2014 at the midpoint. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. First, I just a question on the response claims and you get the amount and the impact on the benefits ratio. Seems like the amount on an annual basis should be about $0.06 a year, so if you could confirm whether that is right. And then, should we expect that will continue into next year and at least for the next few years? And then, secondly, on the agent count at American Income has dropped from beginning to ending obviously on an average basis it was up, maybe you can discuss what drove the decline and what your expectations are for agent count growth at American Income?
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, on the direct response the $0.06 impact for 2015 is right, I mean, until we see as far as the additional impact overall. For 2015 as we had indicated, we see the policy obligations being in that 50% to 51% range and as far as kind of trying to see out -- at our best estimate at this point of time for where that might go in 2016, we see that overall the policy obligation for Direct Response maybe being in that 51% to 52% range and bringing the Direct Response margin maybe down in that 20% to 21%. So, that is really just based on the data that we have available to us today and where we see that going.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And on the agent count American income?
Operator: And our moderator's line has disconnected, I'll have to dial back out to them. If you could please standby I'll dial out to our moderator at this time. [Operator Instructions]. And we still have Mr. Bhullar on from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: And just to be clear on the Direct Response business, it's not that you have seen a sudden spike in claims but it's more you would assume that claims get better and the margins would be better because of the user prescription drug information, and in reality they just have not been, right?
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, that is exactly correct.
Jimmy Bhullar: And this is -- it is mostly related to the decline this quarter was related to one discreet block as opposed to a spread across the block? Are those policies as opposed to spread across various subsidiaries or other parts of business?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, largely that is correct, I mean there is a little fluctuation, we had some seasonal fluctuation but largely the case.
Jimmy Bhullar: And those are like the fluctuations are just normal volatility in claims from quarter-to-quarter, right?
Frank Svoboda: That is correct.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay, thanks. And then lastly just on the agent count drop at American Income it did grew on an average basis but it was down from the end of the previous quarter. So maybe just if you could discuss what drove that and your expectations growth at American Income?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, this is Larry. Meeting agent count is less important to the average agent count, there's some fluctuations every quarter just on the last day it depends on the terminations that comes through. If you look at the overall results for the last year we see we have some agent growth. Now we still expect to meet our producing agent count projection of 6,800 to 7,000 agents for 2015.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Erik Bass with Citi.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I just had one follow up first on Direct Response. Since you now identified two blocks of issue or the policies from 2000 through 2007 and then the 2011 through 2013, and so I guess was there any difference in kind of your underwriting or pricing assumptions from kind of that 2007 through 2011 period that gives you comfort that you wont see any higher incidence of claims there? And I guess the same question would be for 2014, 2015. Were there any changes that you made to your unit pricing or to your assumptions for the most recent years?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Erik. With respect to 2011 to 2013 really the change that had taken place again was a lowering of the overall mortality assumptions because we had started using that prescription database. And that assumption did will carry through, through the 2015 issue years, those are not -- 2014 and 2015 are not out of the contestability phase yet. So, we really havent seen any claims emerging on those. And of course we are tweaking a little bit over time how we use the Rx but clearly we will be taking a look at how we are using the Rx, why we are not getting any benefits that we had anticipated and be making the appropriate decisions with respect to 2016. So, we do see that being contained within the 2011 through 2015 block. But it really is different than the 2000 through 2007 and some of the higher mortality that we were seeing in the 2000 that earlier block has been built in to -- that portion has been built in the overall assumptions in those later years.
Erik Bass: Got it. So there was a change in your assumptions kind of in the 2008 period?
Frank Svoboda: Really, yes, overall with regard to some of those earlier years.
Erik Bass: Got it. Okay. So you dont expect kind of the issues you are seeing in the 2007 -- or the 2000 through 2007 block to continue into later a few years?
Frank Svoboda: That is correct.
Erik Bass: Okay, thank you. And then just one question you gave the target you had for the year-end the agent count for American Income. Would you mind providing any update for Liberty National as well as Family Heritage given the strength that you have seen in recruiting them in past couple of quarters there?
Larry Hutchison: Sure. We expect the year-end agent count in Liberty National to be in a range of 1,630 to 1,660 agents. At Family Heritage, we expect the year-end agents count to be in a range of 975 to 1,000 agents.
Erik Bass: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Yaron Kinar of Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning. I want to go back to direct response business if I could, and couple of questions there. One is on the previous call I think you talked about the early 2000 vintages being the ones that showed claims activity, now you are talking about 2007. So does that suggest that you have seen elevated claims activity now really moves a little further to the newer vintages as well beyond the 2011 through 2013 issue that we discussed?
Frank Svoboda:
 -- :
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I got -- just to clarify. On the last call you talked about the early 2000 vintages, I think you'd also said that those are vintages they were over a decade old. Now, you're talking about 2000 to 2007. So the 2005, '06, '07 years seem to now quite fall into that category?
Frank Svoboda: Now, it's like -- well, when I talked about the 2000 through 2007 issue years still that is the same vintage that we're referring to on the prior calls.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: That part hasn't changed. We really haven't changed our outlook right now with respect to additional claims on that particular block.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And had the 2011 to 2013 vintage data not developed the way it had, will you still have expected the benefits for this year to fall and within the 48.5% to 49% range, which you've previously offered?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, been really close to that 49%.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And maybe one last question on this direct response business. How quickly do you expect the 2000 to 2007 and the 2011 to 2013 vintages to run off? What's the rate of the decay here?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. I'm not sure. I mean, the obviously run off was over really long period of time.
Yaron Kinar: Yes.
Frank Svoboda: But the -- what we kind of see right now is that probably the peak of the adverse experience of all it expected probably going to -- would be and maybe in like 2017 and that as those years, the 2015 consolidates its contestability period. So we kind of see that has been the low point as far as direct response to margins is concerned and then being able to improve after that.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And I'm sorry. Maybe I sink in one last one. In direct response, we're also seeing a bit of a slowdown in sales. Is that just distributable to repricing of that business now that mortality data has come in a little higher than expected?
Larry Hutchison: I think if you recall, the second quarter of 2014 was the largest projection quarter in the history of direct response. So actually, we're pleased with the slight increase this quarter. We still expect an increase in sales in direct response this year in the range of 4% to 6%.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: Yeah. Hey. Good morning everybody. Just a little bit more on the direct response. First, the -- Frank, the earlier years 2000 to 2007, did that perform in-line with your current expectations for the quarter?
Frank Svoboda: For the quarter, we saw just little bit higher seasonal fluctuation that we really do anticipate coming back to the normal trend over the course of the year. Our expectation for the full-year is still in that kind of in that range we talked about last time, probably increasing the overall obligation percentage by 0.4%, 0.5%.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Great.
Frank Svoboda: And so we really haven't changed our overall outlook for that.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Great. And then on the newer stuff, could you explain the importance of the contestability period ending in this calculation or how you see things? And why is that so important?
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Well, for the first two years after issue we have the ability to context any claims that come in during that period of time.
Steven Schwartz: All right.
Frank Svoboda: But after the end of that two year contestability period the claims are now become non-contestable unless we can prove certain things with respect to that application. But -- so your -- so if you look at the history of this product that third year tends to be the one of the highest claim years and then it tends to trend down after that. So that's when you start seeing those really early claims.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Well -- okay. Is that just timing of is that -- okay. Anyway -- all right.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it is just the timing of that.
Steven Schwartz: So 2011 through -- pardon me?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it is just the time of that. It's just that that particular product seems to behave.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. So 2011, you would have seen the losses occur in 2014? Would you have seen losses beginning to occur in 2012 or 2013? I guess I'm a little bit confused about why you're confident that those are going to be bad as well and going forward.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. So for the 2011 issue year, we have seen a very little clean activity prior to really at the end of 2013 and then end of 2014. And so 2014 is when you really start seeing the claims activity for that third policy year, not really developing. And then of course you're starting to see some of that claim activity for the fourth policy year as well. For the 2015 -- so during 2014, you see some higher claims, but again you're kind of limited to just very small piece of information on one particular policy year. Late in 2014, now in 2015, you're starting to see some of those claims for that third policy year for the policies that were issued in 2012 and we're starting to see some of those same patterns. And then, of course, 2013, they're just starting to enter that third issue year -- third year after the issue year. And so you're barely starting to see some of those, but it's getting some of that additional data with respect to 2012, some very early returns on 2013 where you're starting to see some consistency that we can rely upon.
Gary Coleman: Steven, I would add that Frank has mentioned 2011. We didnt start to use the Rx information until late in 2011. So really 2012 is the first year we really had enough issues where can start see and experience in late 2014.
Operator: We go next to Randy Binner of FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner: I'm going to stick with that topic, because after Schwartz asked those questions, I guess I'm not clear. This type of direct coverage, would you describe this as final needs-type coverage? And the reason I ask is that it seems like you're having mortality events relatively quickly. Is that the right way to characterize this type of coverage?
Frank Svoboda: In general, yes. And those tend to be very quick.
Randy Binner: And so when you all said that you were exiting the contestability period, what is it that you have been successful on disputing in that period, and does that have anything to do with the Rx data?
Frank Svoboda: I'm sorry, Randy, on that, you kind of cut out on that little bit. I didn't quite catch that whole question.
Randy Binner: In the contestability period, what is it that you were contesting, and does that have anything to do with the Rx data or is it more typical contestability type stuff?
Frank Svoboda: It's more normal contestability type stuff. So, obviously, you're looking at how the answers and what information they've provided to you, and whether or not there is any misrepresentations with respect to the application. The Rx data, we just simply use to extend that we have authorization from them, we can verify whether or not some of that information on the application is in fact --
Larry Hutchison: Some of the blame that Rx is not in the contestability period, but it's a time issue. You have a better underwriting picture and so you either decline some of the business you otherwise would have issued, where some of that is rated as substandard business. So it's not really just a contestability period, it's evaluating the risk if you're underwriting for the life insurance.
Randy Binner: Really not --
Frank Svoboda: We didn't see that much difference during the contestable periods for these claims. And remember, the issue here is not that the mortality is worse and what we experience in the past, what has happened as we've experienced about the same mortality as we did before we started using the prescription drug as an agent. But the problem was we assumed that we were going to have better mortality in our reserves and thats why you're seeing the increase in the policy obligations. Thats an overall. What we need to look at is the Rx in certain segment that we think probably is benefiting and others is not, and we will have to evaluate what it does and determine how we use that going forward. But I do want to emphasize, we're not seeing worse mortality than we saw before. We're seeing about the same. The problem is, we thought the Rx would lead us to better mortality.
Randy Binner: Understood. I just wanted to clarify some of those concepts. And then if I can sneak in another one, just going over to the investment yield. So Gary, I think you said that the midpoint of your EPS guidance assumption is for a new money rate of 500 basis points in the back half. Did I get that number right, the 500 basis points?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Thats --
Larry Hutchison: That is correct.
Randy Binner: And so when we discussed the same topic last quarter, I think that's similar assumption was 475 basis points. So I guess you're 25 basis points higher, and is that because the 10-year, even though it's only up like 15 basis points year-to-date, it's about 25 basis points higher than where we were three months ago? Is that the right way to think of it? And the follow-up there is -- are you actually seeing 500 now, when you're investing today?
Gary Coleman: First, to answer your question, it is because of the uptick in Treasury rates. We look at more 30 years instead of 10 year, because of how long we invest. And also to answer your questions, what we've invested so far in this quarter were about 5%.
Randy Binner: And is that still A or is that in the BBB area?
Frank Svoboda: I believe thats in the A-, BBB+ area.
Gary Coleman: Right. BBB+.
Randy Binner: Okay. BBB+. I'm going to ask one more. Then on this notching proposal within NAIC level 1 and 2 securities potentially. Do you have any thoughts for us on that, how that could affect your RBC ratio or how the industry might potentially deal with more categories within NAIC level 1 and 2 from an RBC ratio perspective?
Frank Svoboda: The industry as a whole and the industry associations are working pretty closely with the NAIC trying to limit the number of categories from where additional factors might come in play. So that's clearly a work in progress. I think, I said before we kind of see that as a 2017 or '18 event. And thats the latest information that we have, that's still the best estimates. From an impact our preliminary are using some of the information they have out there, that is of course subject to change, it could mean maybe a 20 basis points to 25 basis points change, reduction in the overall RBC percentage. What we don't know is for sure is then how do the rating agencies and how the users of the RBC data, how do they react to that and so that what we'll have to do from that perspective.
Randy Binner: But it is not affecting your thought. I mean you're buying BBB+, because thats where you see good economic value and also liability matching this change has no impact on that, right?
Frank Svoboda: Thats exactly right.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Seen any changes in pricing or your underwriting criteria that are going to impact sales in Direct Response business?
Larry Hutchison: Mark, we've done that in past. We always adjust our segmentation, modeling, the nationalized sales and profits, so thats a constant process as to market for Direct Response.
Mark Hughes: Right. Is that to say given what you've seen in terms of the claims activity, that you will be raising prices or tightening up your underwriting?
Larry Hutchison: It depends on the segment that you are talking about. We wouldn't necessarily raise all prices, but certain segments as we see differences, not just claims, but response rates, inquires. We adjust our pricing, and we adjust our modeling and our marketing to fit that data that comes back to us.
Mark Hughes: Right. And this would normally be circumstances that would lead to adjustments that might constrain sales going forward?
Larry Hutchison: It might constrain sales on certain segment, but I don't think it would be fair to say it would constrain sales overall. You just reemphasize your marketing.
Mark Hughes: Got you. And then in the third quarter of last year, the med supp sales within Direct Response, you had a very big quarter. Is there any reason to think that might recur again this year? I know you've said you've got tough comparisons or you wouldn't necessarily trend line that, but 3Q was very big last year. Is any of that renewing? How should we think about that?
Larry Hutchison: Probably renewing. In terms of new cases we think we will see a decline in new cases since we had an unusual number of new cases last year in the group. In the individual we're predicting 15% to 20% growth for the entire year in our med supp sales.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then a final question. The impact of the Medicare Part D, I think you said it was a $8 million drag, how will that play out in 2016? Will it be an equivalent drag, or will the drag lessen up?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Mark, at this time the best estimates are that we will end up with a receivable as of the end of the 2015 approximately the same as where we were at the end of 2014. So I would think the drag would be somewhere in the same area.
Mark Hughes: So as we think about 2016, you think it would be similar?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
Operator: We go next to Eric Berg of RBC.
Eric Berg: Thanks very much. Two questions related to Direct Response. Do I have it right when I say that with respect to the 2000 to 2007 block, that in contrast to the 2011 to 2013 block, in which you are not experiencing higher than expected mortality, you're just not getting the improvement that you had anticipated, in the earlier block you are experiencing higher than expected mortality?
Frank Svoboda: That is correct.
Eric Berg: Is that right?
Frank Svoboda: That's right.
Eric Berg: And then what your -- it seems to me, when an insurance company has higher than expected number of death claims or larger claims, it could be for any of a number of reasons. As you have studied these claims from these seven issuance years, what's your initial or best sense of what is at the root of the problem?
Frank Svoboda: As we've really taken a look at those claims yes, interestingly enough there really isn't one particular area that seems to be sticking out, if you will, as far as where those additional claims might be coming from. The only thing that that tends to may be a little bit higher than what would be normal average would be some deficit as relating to respiratory illnesses. Other than that that there really is not, when we looked at how we segmented in different areas really it's very little that sticks out.
Eric Berg: My second question relates to this pharmacy, the Rx thing. I'm just really scratching my head here on the following sense. I would think that if you took two individuals of identical health, non smokers, same height, same weight, same body mass, let's just assume they have identical health, and you tell me that person A is taking seven different medications for heart and may be cancer and blood pressure and what have you, and the other person is prescription-free, drug-free, that there's no information content in that at all? There's no value in knowing that person A is taking many medications? I just find that -- I'm just scratching my head like you guys are. What do you think is going on here? What's your initial sense of what's going on here?
Frank Svoboda: It is a good question, because that is -- when we have and when we've been using the Rx we would exactly why we assume that we would be having the better mortality that is why we're taking a look at that now to really understand why we're not seeing the benefits that we really saw. Is it just in the type of data that we're getting? Is it just simply how we're using that data? Obviously, on some, we do have some more rejects applications that are rejected using the Rx that we would have otherwise. So it's helped in that standpoint. But that's really the question we're trying to get an answer to so we can make the appropriate decisions.
Eric Berg: And you don't even have an initial hunch as to what's going on here, why this didn't help you?
Frank Svoboda: Not yet at this point in time.
Operator:
.:
Bob Glasspiegel: Just a quick question on follow-up to Mark Hughes. If the receivable stays constant on the recovery from the government, wouldn't it be a neutral next year on investment income? At some point, this reverses. But if you reverse it, once you got up and put new stuff up, it seems like it would be a neutral to investment income.
Gary Coleman: Bob, you're right it would be neutral. It would be about the same drag next years as this year.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. And at some point, it would reverse, right? Do you have a sense on what year that would be?
Frank Svoboda: It should reverse by the end of 2016. And then of course depending upon what happens with 2016 claims activity and the receivables and whatever is generating new in 2016.
Bob Glasspiegel: Right. So if the drag stays the same, but it's not an incremental drag, so investment income should move up with cash flow and yields and not be impacted in 2016, and then it becomes an equivalent positive in 2017 to the negative it's been in this year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's correct. And when I had answered it, I was look at just a drag not an incremental drag, but it's correct, it would be the similar drag in '16 as it is in '15 but then presuming that the receivables actually get to go down or by the end of 2016 you would see the real incremental benefit in '17.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Buyback. Last year's annual report, I think you said you were getting near, but hadn't reached intrinsic value where buyback was the first best use. But you sort of sent a warning that if the stock kept running, last year it was up 4%, it's up, even with the correction today, 10%. Are we anywhere near the point where the warning has to be sent out that dividends might be a use, or is buyback still below intrinsic value?
Gary Coleman: Bob, we still believe the buyback is below the intrinsic value and we are trading at the higher even when we wrote the annual report, we are trading at higher multiple, but we still believe it's -- we haven't reached intrinsic value. And so we continue to buy, because still, the return we're getting is in excess of our cost of capital by a good margin and also the return we're getting exceeds return that we're -- we could get on alternative uses. So we will continue on. As we've said before, if we think the price get to at or above the intrinsic value then we'll have to reassess at that point.
Bob Glasspiegel: Frank's speech was the same as it's been the last 36 quarters, so it seemed like that was the case. But appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Krueger of KBW.
Ryan Krueger: I guess, first one, I wanted to follow-up on the prescription drug data. I guess just to be clear, do you only use that when you price Direct Response business, or did you also use that in that some of your other businesses when you were underwriting those?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, it has been used in just very limited situations with respect to some older age issuances in the other agencies. And again I will stress its very limited circumstances and we had not reduced any of our mortality assumptions for the use of Rx in those other agencies. So it's just simply been just an added tool in the underwriting process there.
Ryan Krueger: So it's really isolated to Direct Response at this point, for the most part, is that correct?
Larry Hutchison: That's correct.
Ryan Krueger: Okay. And then just follow-up to Randy's question on the RBC changes. I know at this -- do you -- I know it's early on still, but it seems like the rating agencies tend to use higher capital charges than the RBC formula already. So I mean is it your best guess that even though RBC ratios will change and go down for the industry, that it won't necessarily change the way that you and others are managing capital?
Larry Hutchison: I think that is a very real possibility and you're right S&P has their own capital, factors that they use, and which are higher, and would really be more similar to what the NAIC is looking to move towards, and then Moody's and A.M. Best how they would look at it. But we would anticipate that, or at least, it would be a possibility that no changes at all would be necessary.
Operator: We'll go next to Colin Devine of Jefferies.
Colin Devine: Thank you. Just to come back, one more thing on this Rx issue. It seems to me, if I'm understanding what you're saying, when you went to that, you assumed mortality would improve. And so I would presume that had some impact on your pricing decisions. Now that it hasn't, it would suggest, I guess, that you're under priced. How much are you thinking right now you may need to raise prices, excuse me, if the Rx data just isn't giving you what you need?
Gary Coleman: Well, Colin, it's too early to answer that. Just one thing we will be looking at it. But it's not necessarily we would have to raise prices, it may mean there are certain segments, certain age group, certain --
Larry Hutchison: Circulations.
Gary Coleman: Circulations that we would have to raise price or we determine that we don't want to sell in those again. So it's more -- we have to a do a little bit more work on that before we can decide whether we raise prices or whether we discontinue in certain segments.
Colin Devine: Okay. And then a second question. In looking at the premium growth this quarter, not only was it, I think, the strongest we've seen in over 10 years on the life side, but also on the supplemental side. And has some of your strategy changed there because of growing this up beyond Family Heritage, and really how much longer do you think you can keep this growth rate going? Because I think you've probably got about the strongest organic growth rate in the industry today.
Gary Coleman: Well as far as on the life side, we have in places seen the higher premium growth and we think we can continue that and our confidence there is that where American Income where we had the largest amount of business, were going pretty in there around at 9% range and we expect to continue growth there. Also, direct response the second largest seller -- premium block that we have but we're going excess of 5% there. So we feel confident that we reached this level and we can at least stay at this 9% level. On the health side, we feel the same here because growth prospects I think we want to keep the premium growth on the health side and that's important because you can't needle back just a couple of years ago we had declining health premiums as we had exited some health blocks in the past. So, we feel positive about the future as far as growing the premiums.
Colin Devine: What about the general agency this quarter on the supplemental side? It seems to be surprisingly strong.
Gary Coleman: Well, as Larry mentioned, we've good growth from our individual mezz up sales and then really we had good growth last year, we're having stronger growth this year. So thats contributing to the -- that other helpline.
Colin Devine: Okay, and then the final one. Again this quarter further improvement in persistency, particularly thinking on the renewal year. How much stronger is that now than what you're pricing for? And what does this say really about your underlying core earnings growth rate since I would that is a significant benefit?
Gary Coleman: Colin, I'm not sure I can answer how that's different from what we're repricing. I know we've seen improvements over lot of products. I just quantify here on the call.
Colin Devine: Okay. Perhaps we can follow-up afterwards. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher: Hi. First question is to do, let's want to make sure I've this right, did you say 9% of total in-force direct response block was the Rx related underwriting was that the right quantification?
Frank Svoboda: That's correct.
Larry Hutchison: It was the premium received on the '11 to '13 years actually. Just to clarify. 
Tom Gallagher: Okay. That's premium received on the '11 to '13 years, as a percent of that total of the entire Direct Response in force block, or just of those years?
Frank Svoboda: Of the total direct response block.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. Okay. So how do we think about, of your new sales this year so far, how much are Rx, using that Rx data? Can you quantify that? Is it 50%? Is it 100% of Direct Response sales that are relying upon this data?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it's around 50%.
Tom Gallagher: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: 50% of 2015 sales would be going out using the Rx.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And at this point -- so it's possible you are going to be repricing 50% of your sales for Direct Response, or is that not the right way to think about it? Is it somehow isolated that the problematic parts are not the entirety of the 50%? How do we think about that?
Frank Svoboda: Well, that's right. It's like what Gary and Larry had mentioned earlier is that we still have to finish the work to determine exactly which segments that we're really not getting the benefit from and where that all kind of lies within that 50%. And there are -- some portion of that may be -- we are getting some at least some incremental benefit from, but that's what -- that's where the work really have to -- so it won't be that big.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. So it's going to be some fraction of that 50% of total sales? And if I --
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry. You've to be careful, too, that the Rx in 2011 was less sophisticated than the Rx in later years. As you develop models to get information you have better combinations of drugs you look at as an indicator of health history. So I don't think you're going to assume that 2011 and 2012 be the same experience as '13 and '14. We have to let some of these facts develop. And we're really in the process. And so -- in fact, the '13 and '14 years may be difference experience over the '11 and '12 years were.
Tom Gallagher: Understood. And just to put this in context, when you look at the block, if you will, that you have identified thus far that you deem to be under priced, are we talking about a block that's actually losing money? Is it just subpar returns? Can you provide some context around that?
Gary Coleman: Yes, Tom, we're definitely not losing money. We're pressuring the margins. Overall margins are being pressured. We're -- we've been in the 23%, 25% underwriting margin for Direct Response over the last few years. This year is going to be closer to 21%. And it's early, and our preliminary estimates of how this plays out, we don't see that profit margin going below 18%, 19% at [indiscernible]. So even if that all develops on that basis, we still are going to have 18% to 19% profit margin. We're not in a position of losing money at all. It's just that margin is not as high as it has been in the past.
Larry Hutchison: So the lowering of that range it could be higher than the 18% or 19%.
Gary Coleman: Yes, that's the low ends 18% and 19%. Well, they could be -- that's a worst, so say be somewhere between that and the 21%. And then over time as we price, so we'll get better.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then my last question on that is, when you look back to when you began to use the Rx data and pricing on that basis, was it done in response to the market becoming a lot more competitive for you? Had it become more price elastic than it was historically? Like what was the driver of starting to use this, and has that overall part of your business become more price sensitive?
Larry Hutchison: If you look at 2011 we saw this as a tool that we could use to better quantify and better look at the risk we're going to underwrite. And the difference is we've assumed that it had a more positive impact than it actually did, so that was a mistake. So it's just the actual experience is not as profitable as we anticipated. That affects your marketing as you go out in those lower performing deciles. So I don't think this is a huge surprise, it's just we -- the business is profitable. We just anticipated a higher profit level for the 2011 year than what's actually developed.
Gary Coleman: And Tom we've always looked at the response because we haven't -- in Direct Response, we just can't, from the call standpoint and the time standpoint, do a great deal of underwriting. That's just been the history of Direct Response. What we thought when this came out use of prescription drug, as Larry mentioned, we thought this is a low cost way of getting better information and then to better underwrite, and if we could better underwrite then we could venture into may be segments that we hadn't before. So the whole process there was just -- it wasn't from a competitive standpoint to meet competitors. It was more a standpoint to give us a better underwriting that we had before.
Operator: We'll go next to John Nadel of Piper Jaffrey.
John Nadel: Hey, thanks for extending the call for a moment for a quick question or two. Just following up a little bit on Tom's question, if we think about Direct Response overall, maybe it was a low to mid-20s margin, and maybe it's got downside for one or two particular years, down to the very high teens. So if we call it about a five-point swing in that margin, can you translate that to ROE of the business?
Gary Coleman: We don't really calculate an ROE on the business. Yes, our return on investment might be lower but we really -- that only really has -- haven't really calculated that, I don't have an answer for that.
Frank Svoboda: Now, and John do you mean for that business as a whole or just the overall ROE for the impact that would have on Torchmark's overall ROE.
John Nadel: Well, I guess either way, you would be able to -- if you could give us some color on that, whether it's for the Direct Response life business, or whether it's the overall impact to Torchmark. Obviously, for the overall impact to Torchmark, it would be considerably less.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I mean that's what you probably, looking at a half a percent or something that effect there I would guess. But I agree with Gary as far as looking at the business. We don't really look at it in that in fact or don't have that any way right now.
John Nadel: Okay. And then if I think -- following up on the question about the percentage of sales that have been prescription-backed, if you will, in the underwriting process, so I think you mentioned about 50% of sales, but maybe it's some smaller portion of that that's actually become a little bit problematic here. If your decision were we just don't want to play -- we don't want to underwrite in this particular segment, looking out to 2016, let's say, in terms of your pricing decisions, you don't feel like you can get enough price or you won't be able to write any business at the price you need anyway, and so you just decide, this particular piece of the business you're just not going to go after any more, how -- if I think about the dollar amount of sales that that's contributed in 2015 or in 2014, how do we think about the headwind that that causes for Direct Response sales?
Frank Svoboda: I would say that that's information that we will be able to provide better guidance on in the next call as we kind of really get to get our arms around may be which segments that might have. The total premium using Rx in 2015 probably around $30 million but again as weve said, there is not that $30 million is going to go away and you're going to just change your strategy and rethink about how which segments you market into and what your circulations going to be, so it will be a change. But I really couldnt say that we're expecting that to go away.
John Nadel: All right. Understood well we can state here and as you guys sort of hone the data. I guess the last question for you and I realized this is maybe a little nitpicky but turning to health and American income I know its mid-teens, maybe mid to upper teens percentage of premium in health segment but or maybe percentage of underwriting income but it looks like the margin there was pressured by a couple of points this quarter. Is it anything more than just maybe some seasonality or normal volatility there?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think seasonality for because on the year-to-date basis, the margin there is about the same as it was last year, and year think thats more of just quarterly fluctuations in the claims.
Larry Hutchison: In second quarter of 2014 around 30% tax rate we tend to be a little bit low than 32% this year on little bit on the high side just what the quarterly fluctuation, I think were estimating around 31% for the year-to-date.
Unidentified Company Representative: Loss ratio.
Larry Hutchison: Yes, on the loss.
Operator: Well go next to Seth Weiss of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss: Yes, hi, good afternoon. Thanks for allowing me to sneak one in. I just want to understand the duration of the business that gone in direct response just get a sense of what the pressure could be in the long-term here and I think it comes back to the contestability period. Is it really the third year that you will or wont see the spike in claims, so were talking about a three year delay in the business that was written. So, if we look out three years from today, 2018 or so or 2019 this will all be corrected or is it a longer duration that direct response business could be pressured in terms of suboptimal returns?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. We really see the higher incidence in claims really third and then little bit less in the fourth and it tends to trail from there. Now ultimately, it will carry on for quite some time. I do think when 2014 and 2015 blocks come in overall that probably gets up to where that is maybe 19% of our total direct response premium and then of course the premium from there will start to go down and as you put new business on the books it will become less and less, have less much of an impact overall.  So we really see the impact of this having for the next couple of years and then kind of bubbling if there should bubble in 2017 and then really become less of an issue after that.
Seth Weiss: Okay. And then also just a level set I think earlier in the call you talked about 51% to 52% benefit ratio in direct response as maybe a run rate for next year, as '14 and '15 business comes in there could be some rest to that number, am I understanding that, right?
Frank Svoboda: It could be, you do have the you have a base that is in there already with respect to the higher claims for 2012 and 2013 that were anticipating in there. So it does include though an estimate for the impact of 2014 and 2015 is included in that.
Gary Coleman: Still do not have that much impact on 2015 because were revising our first 2015 issues though we are not reflecting the expected improved mortality from the Rx. So its really more of an issue for 2014 but not necessarily 2015 because remember we were this is pass up is the fact that the claims the mortality is higher than what we had anticipated in the reserves. And so
Operator: We will go next to Colin Devine of Jefferies.
Colin Devine: Thank you. One quick follow-up. Is it fair to say what direct response that you got the most flexibility compared to your other channels if you just tie into exit the segment because you just cant get the returns you want or to take more aggressive pricing actions?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We have much more flexibility there that we would on the agency side. We dont have infrastructure of our agents that would be shocked about changes in products, premiums, you just dont have that direct response. Thats maybe one of the things that weve benefited over the years the flexibility we have.
Colin Devine: Great, thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Majors, Id like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Those are our comments and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes todays presentation. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Erik Bass - Citigroup Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank John Nadel - Piper Jaffrey Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Eric Brook - RBC Capital Markets Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2014 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the first quarter was $134 million or $1.04 per share, a per share increase of 30% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $122 million or $0.95 per share, a 3% decrease on a per share basis. With fixed maturities and amortized cost, our return on the equity as of March 31, was 14.7% and our book value per share was $28.44, a 7% increase over year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities and market value, book value per share increased 22% to $38.17. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $513 million, while life underwriting margins were $141 million, up 1% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin lagged premium growth due to higher claims primarily in direct response. For the full year we expect life underwriting margin to increase 3% to 5% over 2014. Also in the quarter net life sales increase 17% to $104 million. On the health side premium revenue grew 4% to $229 million and health underwriting margin grew 4% to $52. For the full year we expect health underwriting margin to increase 2% to 4%. Health sales increased 2% to $32 million excluding groups business, individual health sales increased 22%. Administrative expenses were $47 million for the quarter, up 7% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. The primary increase reason for the increase is administrative expenses are higher pension and IT cost. As a percentage of premiums, administrative expenses were 5.7% compared to 5.6% a year ago. For the full year we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 6% to 7% and around 5.8% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We are very pleased about sales activity at Torchmark. We have had year-over-year increases in net life sales in each of our major life distribution channels for five quarters in a row. Now I will go over the results for each company. At American income life premiums were up 9% to $202 million. Life underwriting margin was up 4% to $62 million. Net life sales were $47 million, up 24% due primarily to increase agent accounts. The average agent counts for the first quarter was 6,317 up 19% over a year ago, but a price for the same as the fourth quarter. Our producing agent count at the end of the first quarter were 6,541. We expect life sales growth for the full year 2015 to be within a range of 9% to 13%. Our Direct Response Operations at Globe Life, life premiums were up 5% to $187 million. But life underwriting margin declined to 5% to $43 million net life sales were up 11% to $45 million. We expect 4% to 7% life sales growth for the full year 2015.  At Liberty National life premiums were $68 million, down 1% from a year ago. Our life underwriting margin was $17 million same as the year ago quarter. Net life sales grew 16% to $9 million, while net health sales increased 8% to $4 million. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,464 up 5% from a year ago but down 7% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,544. Life net sales growth is expected to within a range of 6% to 9% for the full year 2015. Health net sales growth is expected within a range of 4% to 7% for the full year 2015. At Family Heritage our premiums increased to 8% to $54 million our health underwriting margin increased 6% to $11 million, health net sales were up 18% to $12 million.  The average producing agent account for the first quarter was 784 up 19% from a year ago but approximately same as the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 881. We expect health sales growth to be in a range from 7% to 10% for the full year 2015.  At United American General Agency count premiums increased 6% to $83 million. Net health sales declined from $14 million to $12 million. Excluding our group business net health sales grew at 30%. For the full year 2015 we expect growth on individual sales be around 15% to 20%. As we discussed last quarter we expect lower group sales in 2015, due to unusual number of large group cases we acquired in 2014. Premium revenue from Medicare part D declined 4% to $79 million, while the underwriting margin declined from $10 million to $5 million. Decline in underwriting margin was in line with our expectations, was due to the increase in part D drug cost discussed on our previous call. We expect Part D premium of 310 million to 320 million for the full year 2015. Expect margin as a percentage of premium to be approximately 6% to 8%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I will spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income, excess investment income, which we define as net investment income, less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $55 million, a decline of 3% from the first quarter 2014. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 2%. We have discussed on previous call the effect of Part D on excess investment income. Excess investment income is negatively impacted by Part D to the excess of $2 million in the first quarter of 2015. Excluding the negative impact of Part D excess investment income would have been flat with the year ago quarter, but up about 5% on per share basis. For the full year 2015 we expect excess investment income to decrease by about 1% to 3% however on a per share basis we should see an increase of about 2% to 3%. At the midpoint of our 2015 guidance we're expecting to drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $7 million.  Regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $13.5 billion, including $13 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.4 billion our investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $604 million compared to $552 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.7% compare to 4.4% a year ago. With the portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains from fixed maturities, is 17%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-, the same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in a fixed maturity portfolio of $1.9 billion, approximately $256 million higher than at the end of the fourth quarter.  To complete the investment portfolio discussion, I would like to address our investments in the energy sector. We believe the risk of realizing any losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. Over 96% of our energy holdings are investment grade. At the end of first quarter, our energy portfolio had a net unrealized gain of $173 million. Thats an 8% of our energy holdings are in the oilfield service and drilling sector. And we have reviewed our energy holdings and have concluded that while we may see some downgrades, we believe that the companies we have invested in can withstand lower oil prices for an extended duration. Regarding the investment yield in the first quarter we invested $292 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in industrial sectors. We invested an average of yield of 4.5% and average rating of triple BBB+ and an average life of 29 years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.87%, down 5 basis point from the 592 yield in the first quarter of 2014. At March 31, 2015, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.86%. The midpoint of our guidance for 2015 assumes new money yield of 4.5% for the second quarter and 4.75% for the last two quarters of the year. One last thing on past analyst call as we have discussed in detail the impact of the lower for longer interest rate environment. As a reminder an extended lower interest rate environment impacts our income statement the not the balance sheet. This we primarily sale non-interest system protecting power accounted for under [file] 16, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we did not foresee a negative impact on our balance sheet. While we were definitely benefitted from higher interest rates Torchmark will continue to earn unsubstantial excess investment net income and the expanded loan interest environment.  Now, I will turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda : Thanks, Gary. First I would like to briefly discuss a few items impacting our 2015 earnings guidance. As Gary mentioned growth in the life underwriting income lagged behind the growth and premium in the first quarter primarily due to higher policy obligations in our direct response operations. In the first quarter of this year policy obligations that had direct response were 49.1% of premiums versus 46.9% in the first quarter of 2014 looking back the first quarter of last year was low as the policy obligations for the full year 2014 ended up at 48.1%. As we discussed on our last call this percentage was trending higher than prior years primarily due to actual claims coming in higher than our expectations on policy just issued in the early 2000. We also noted that we expected the policy obligation percentage for 2015 to be around 48%. Based on the additional claims experience we found the first quarter and further review of the emerging claims trends we now believe the direct response policy obligations for the full year 2015 would be in the range of 48.5% to 49% of premiums. This increase in the expected policy obligation of direct response is the primary driver of the $0.2 reduction in the midpoint of our guidance. In addition, we revised our expectations for the Canadian foreign exchange rate which have cause the earnings from American income life to be somewhat lower than previously anticipated. On a positive note we do anticipate our premium income will be higher than previously estimated primarily at American Income due to the strong first quarter sales. The net effect of these three items results in the reduction in the midpoint of our guidance from $4.30 and to $4.28.  Now regarding our share repurchases and capital position. In the first quarter we spent 90 million to buy1.7 million towards Torchmark shares and an average price of $53.20. So far in April we have used $18 million to purchase 328,000 shares. For the full year through to date we have spent 108 million of parent company cash to acquire 2 million shares at an average price of $53.57. The parent start of the year with liquid assets to $57 million. In addition, to these liquid assets the parent will generate additional free cash flow during the remainder of 2015. Free cash flow results primarily from the difference receive by the parent from the subsidiaries unless the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2015 to be around 360 million that's included in the 57 million available from assets on hand we currently expect to have around $417 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As previously noted to date we have used $108 million of this cash to buy 2 million Torchmark shares. Leaving around $309 million of cash and other liquids assets available for the remainder of the year. As noted before we will use our cash as efficiently as possible if market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those of funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital to level necessary to retain our current ratings in the last two years that level has been around an IAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but it's efficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. As of December 31, 2014 our consolidated RBC was 327% we do not anticipate any significant changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2015. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2015, we expect our net operating income to be within the range of $4.20 per share to $4.36 per share, a 6% increase over 2014 at the midpoint. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take the first question today from [indiscernible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: The margins in the business you had addressed your Direct Response margins, but as I look at American Income the margins there were a lot weaker than they been in a while as well. So maybe talk about what caused that and what your expectations are? And then secondly on growth in the agent count, the average agents were down but the ending number was actually higher across all channels, so just wondering if you could describe a little bit what you're doing in each of the businesses -- each of the channels than what your expectations for growth in the agent count are?
Gary Coleman: Okay I'll go first on the America income margins. The margins at American income were little bit -- underwriting margins were a little lower than anticipated but it's because we had, as we've mentioned higher claims, but if you look at the -- it's more of a timing thing, if you go back and look at the fourth quarter of last year the claims were low and they were 31% of premium. This quarter they're 33%. We're expecting 32% for the year, so it would maybe think that it's just the timing. We think that the margin, we had 31.7% underwriting margin in 2014 and we're expecting to go about that same margin for 2015.
Larry Hutchison: The agents count, we saw the increase in agent recruiting and better agent retention in each of the distribution units as we moved through the first quarter. The trend after the first quarter has been positive. We continue to see a strong agent recruiting and better retention in the each of the distribution units
Unidentified Analyst: And then just one more on capital, your RBC obviously is lower than other companies but the business flex different as well, a while ago S&B had these issues about just preferred stock and how they're going to -- they potentially might changes the treatment of those, have you had any discussions with them and order your view on the potential for that and how that would affect your capital management strategy?
Gary Coleman: Sure, Jimmy, we have not had any recent discussions with them with regard to that. At the time we that we had last fall when we had our initial discussions, it was contemplation that there would sometime to address the situation and really looking at within couple of years and so we instead really talked about some of the prior calls, we're really taking a look at our various options and really don't have any update as far as what we're going to do or how we're going to address that going forward. I think the bottom line is we don't thing at this point in time that we need to or that any resolution to the issue would impact our stock buyback. We think we can address the issue through other forms of financing, another options that we would have available and so we probably and so we probably would look maybe towards latter part of this year or first part of the next year to really get some resolution to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. I just want to touch first on Direct Response margins and I think when you've talked about it in the past you said that I think pressure point in margins was sort of isolated towards older block, if you could just maybe size -- what the size of that older block is and at first anything that you're seeing there that you think might also be relevant to other pieces or other vintages of the Direct Response business?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, Erik, on last call we discussed, it's a block of business that was written over 10 years ago and the clients are coming little bit higher than expected. Now as far as the size of that block, it's currently about -- if you look at total Direct Response for you that block is about 18% of premium, but it's declining about 6% to 7% a year and so as it continues to decline and as we add new business, combination of those two things will make the impact of that block on the policy obligations going forward. It will be declined or less the impact as we go forward.
Erik Bass: Got it and is there anything unique about that block that you've identified that will cause the margin profile to be different?
Larry Hutchison: Not anything in particular, it's certain, it's in those products that we settle and so we've taken a look at that, we haven't seen anything that is troublesome there, but we'll say this our current pricing, our pricing the last few years we feel is adequate to point we won't have this problem going forward.
Erik Bass: Great, thank you, and just one last question on your sales guidance changes, are those mainly just to reflect sort of where you've seen stronger recruiting it American Income then youd expected. And I think that was probably the biggest change for, you've raised the sales guidance there?
Gary Coleman: That's the American Income making a stronger agent recruiting, agent intention earlier than anticipated and thats reflected in our guidance.
Operator: We'll now to go Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Seth Weiss: Just a question on margins again, did you see any weakness due to more severe flu season if you have any comments on that that would be helpful.
Gary Coleman: No we really havent seen any impact to that.
Seth Weiss: Follow up on Eric's question in terms of American income increase sales guidance. The agent recruiting obviously has a go forward benefit. First quarter sales seemed particularly strong, was that significantly higher than what you are expectations were? And how much that lead to the increased sales guidance?
Frank Svoboda: So we probably had strong recruiting and then increase in agent count in the third and fourth quarter, we think sales will improve in part because the agent recruiting the last half of 2014 have gained experience and become more productive.
Operator: And Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets is next.
Randy Binner : I guess just a couple on the agent count. So one would be, you mentioned agent retention improving in a couple of [tons]. I was wondering possible for you to quantify how that got better than wherever it was before. And then on the data thats been provided now on the average producing agent count. I was just curious was that it was flat on a linked quarter basis meaning in first quarter '15 relative to fourth quarter '14. Is that a normal first quarter versus fourth quarter dynamic if you look back at that data set historically?
Larry Hutchison: Its look thats really agent increase first of all I think the strength of the American income as we've increased our agent activity through better training, new technology. And as you have higher agent activity of a better retention rate because the agent are making more money and they stay with agent's longer.
Gary Coleman: As far as the average agent counts we've really going to started putting that information together in the first quarter last year. But I think what -- based on as trend I think what we were seeing is that average agent count for the first quarter not be lower than the fourth quarter in prior years because we generally -- the later of part of the fourth quarter and past years is a pretty low in terms of recruiting. As Larry we have a strong third and fourth quarter recruiting so we either stay at about the same level I think is the improvement. I dont have the exact numbers , but thats the way the agents [indiscernible].
Larry Hutchison: Experience, Gary because of holidays in each of the distribution units.
Randy Binner: Yes, that was my question because we dont have data either and so that helps explain it just normal seasonality recruiting and then but back to retention again, any quantification there on how much better it is now versus before? However you guys measure that internally. 
Larry Hutchison: We measured internally and we checked it on the monthly basis as we check for cash and its like thirteenth month retention. It's one of the factor, we've had higher agent activity which means we have more submitting agent, so its not just agent retention its greater activity related to our greater percentage of agents that submit every week and that results in higher retention for us. I dont want to misled is just retention is driving the increase sales. It's a combination of better training, better recruiting, our focus on retention, its changing our compensation models to drive those behaviors. 
Randy Binner: So just on the yield assumption for the second half 475 basis points. How long can you stick with that before having to revisit it.
Gary Coleman: We'll keep looking at it as we go forward thats not something we're just sticking to because we want to. We're looking at the, all the projections of somewhat treasure rates are going be. We're looking at the consensus and treasury rates and where we think spread will fall in. Right now we're comfortable with the four and three quarter but thats something we revisit constantly.
Operator: We'll now go to Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Have couple of questions, one on the revised sales guidance. Seems like in Directly Response Life and also in Liberty National you're actually lowering the top end of the guidance despite very strong first quarter sales. So I was wondering if you could maybe give a little more color say what was behind that. 
Gary Coleman: We did have a strong first quarter in Direct Response, but were starting to get again stronger quarter in the second, third and fourth quarter 2014. So I think that reflects the sales guidance for the whole year being in the range of 4% to 7%. 
Yaron Kinar: So would that mean that initially you'd expected recent even stronger quarter in the first quarter?
Gary Coleman: I'll say the first quarter from a litter stronger on side with growth of the first quarter. For each of these agencies and for Direct Response you go back to 2014 you saw that was significant increase in our net sales in the ,second third and fourth quarter. Well be measuring against those quarters as we go forward. 
Yaron Kinar: And then with regards to agent growth, family heritage clearly showed a very significant improvement in the first year agents or is there anything in particular that drove that?
Gary Coleman: We didn't have the recruiting push, just a focus on recruiting. Basically the benefit is to use our internet recruiting, it is now up 25% and the recruit over 400% which is personal recruits. So that's been a plus at family heritage and weve managed new agencies are coming here and regionally showing the positive impact of an increased number of agencies at the family heritage system.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And a quick numbers question I know its on the balance sheet, the cash number was actually quite low, about 3 million always there anything in particular going on there and should we expect that to increase?
Larry Hutchison: Yes I think that is just I think just a quarterly fluctuation and then just kind of the timing issue with respect to the end of particular quarter. I do think that it is on a normal basis would be a little bit higher than that, just happen to hit both [indiscernible] during the quarter.
Operator: And will go John Nadel with Piper Jaffrey.
John Nadel: Hi, good morning. Just a question about the level of life insurance sales production in particular and maybe health sales too. I guess it's sort of an issue that we haven't really had to grapple with for some time in this high quality issue. I mean how strong do life sales have to be before it actually does negatively impact your expectation for free cash flow generation IE you need more capital to support the fact that your growing faster than you might have otherwise expected to grow.
Larry Hutchison: John this is Larry, your questions are little hard for us to hear, but I think your question was as we see higher life sales what impact does it have on our capital requirements and then turn on our free cash flow, was that your question?
John Nadel: Yes I'm sorry if that was little bit difficult to hear, yes it's essentially right along those lines Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Okay. Gary?
Gary Coleman: Yes you are seeing a drag on the one of the reasons why statutory income is actually down from 14 and 13 and you are seeing a little bit of the decrease in the cash -- in our free cash flows in expectations for 2015 versus 2014 really is resolve of several of those strong sales that we had in 2014. Those new create statutory drag at the current levels and I mean were happy to have those strong sales and at current drag, but I think that with the level of sales that we're seeing you will see kind of the flattening of that free cash flow for the next -- for as long we continue to have the sales kind of see that whereas filtering in just kind of having free on of flat free cash flows.
Larry Hutchison: John, I would add to that is that I would probably still have a first year of drag, but since we get into the second we start turning into -- now we have set for a positive cash positive drag, so it's at a great price it can be a temporary drag but so we want to put as much business on the books as we can. That generates the -- we won't grow the in-force and of course -- because of the high underwriting that we had that also grow to free cash in future.
John Nadel: Yes I don't think it wrong I like what you said high quality problem right. Can you remind us how fast on the statutory basis you are license showing sales, let say sales in year one, at what point do you get back to sort of the cumulative break even on the statutory basis?
Larry Hutchison: Yes I think, John, I think it's in about somewhere in that 6 to 8 year time frame.
John Nadel: Okay and maybe another high quality issue that we've talked about in the past given the stock price, price to both multiple, price to earnings multiple I guess there has been one or two occasions over Torchmark public, publicly traded life were it felt like the share price was approaching your own internal view of embedded value or whatever they say exactly that you guys calculate but how do you, are there any sort of updated thoughts alone those lines? I know you've talked about shareholders really liking the buyback over a significant increase in your dividend yield, as an example.
Gary Coleman: Well John, what were said in the past is that we think that at some consolidated value we will stop the share, more marketing stop the share repurchase. But our objective is to get cash back to the shareholders so we will probably move that into something of a dividend -- special dividend or whatever. But yes were trying to get this towards the higher side of the price of book for Torchmark, but still if as weve talked about before we had to recalculate what we think that intrinsic value is of -- and what are we looking at and were liking in the market variety and look at it over trends over a period of time. We still don't think we at a point where buying the shares at too high price and thus we anticipate continuing to buy the shares, but that's something that we're committed to returning the gain access to shareholder, but we're not going to dilute the shares, so we don't think we're there yet, we'll continue to follow in a week, if we get that point, then we'll consider doing probably a special cash dividend.
Operator: We'll go to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: Frank, can you kind of give us I guess, did you know the effect of the Canadian dollar both on the change in premium in force for the life business between yearend and quarter end and maybe talk about how that might be playing into new sales guidance?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's sure, but I have to quite to breakdown exactly the quarter versus the yearend, but if you recall we -- it's the average rate that works in overtime that impacts the actual amount of reported premium and as well as the reported underwriting from those premiums. In 2014, we had an average exchange rate of about 90.7% and we're anticipating now that the average rate for all of 2015 would be around 80%. And so that's based upon -- we have Canadian premium of around in Canadian dollars a little over $90 million. Roughly for the full year 2015, roughly a $10 million impact on American Income's reported premium.
Steven Schwartz: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: Now for the first quarter of the year, the average exchange rate was around 88%. So that's one of the things that kind of a continuing impact, we didn't really see that much of a drag on first quarter earnings as results of the near the lower foreign exchange rate, but you'll see a continuing drag over the course of the year as long as -- assuming that the existing in the current rates stay there, the exchange rates stay in place for the remainder of the year.
Steven Schwartz: Okay thank you that will be useful. And then little bit of one-off maybe the Doc Fix for Medicare, this is a few years away but the Doc Fix includes a proposal to do away with first dollar med supp, I am wondering if that's an important product for you?
Frank Svoboda: That's really going to kick in with regard the med supp policies in 2020 and what they're looking right now is the reduction incenting our first dollar coverage, but primarily with the hospital elimination of the Part D deductible. I mean we still maintain that it's not affecting our current policyholders and it's hard to estimate, it's hard to know exactly what other changes there might be going down the road and future budget talks or further Medicare reform, but that is something that we are watching very closely.
Steven Schwartz: Is it a large part of your business currently, your sales currently?
Frank Svoboda: The Medicare supplement, I mean on that?
Steven Schwartz: First dollar med supp?
Larry Hutchison: Well, first dollar med supp, that's going to be med supp products are.
Steven Schwartz: All your med supp products are first dollar?
Frank Svoboda: Larry do you want to comment on that?
Larry Hutchison: Where you're trying to deductible reach, when you define high first dollar med sup, we have to be careful on how we define it because it is different level of coverage on med supp. We tend to sell the higher deductible med supp products, it's so far out, Brian, it's really difficult to give guidance at this in 2015 for something that might, maybe I could in 2016, certainly now in 2015 --.
Frank Svoboda: Between now 2020.
Steven Schwartz: When we were considering first dollar coverage plan, I mean generally what that means plans that cover almost all deductibles and co-pays, is that that what's your referring to?
Steven Schwartz: Yes, I also number the plans they were talking about, it was two special plans that they were referring, but I don't remember what the letters were. Ill leave it at that.
Frank Svoboda: I mean I have to look into specifics more closely, but I mean reading that act, the macro it references the first dollar coverage and specifically the Part D deductible, but again that's not going to take place for five years and so we're not anticipating any of that now, but that is something that we're monitoring and looking at very closely.
Operator: We will go [indiscernible] with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: I had a couple of questions, first with respect to the average policy size you're selling now, clearly been very successful as recruiting as and much stronger than I think most of your peers. Are you starting to move up the average policy size and thinking I guess on average is well about 30,000 and is around 17 is that starting to trend up is the first question. Second question is they can turn back on the capital issue, unless Im mistaken, I do believe SMP with the changes for the capital model has Torchmark on criteria watch. And if you can perhaps elaborate on what the issue is that they're looking at and how that may impact potentially on buyback. And the next one would be as you well aware the NAIC is changing the base factors on fixed income securities this year. I had heard that on average RBCs are going down about 50 point from the NAIC. I would think thats probably about fair estimate for Torchmark and I would assume that based on what you said that you dont want your RBC sort of really dropping much below 325. So again what are you going to be doing to start address that? Thank you. 
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry, Ill address the agency question first. In terms of size of the policy we're seeing some impact in the American Income. We talked last year about introducing our new senior life sales and the average premium for senior life products is $720 versus the average premium for non-senior life product is about $470. So there assuming the difference thats a percentage of our sales of senior life has increase from 15% to 20%. American business we've seen a positive impact for the size, but I think the real change in the industry is not in the size of the premium model or the base amount. I think what really whats impacting is the strong leadership we have our agencies. From a home office perspective we have very strong leadership in American Income, Liberty National, and Family Heritage have also strong leadership in the field and the owners of those agencies, the SGAs, the sales directors, provider with the ideas for better training, better technology and they work with their whole office staff and I think thats where the impact is, they worked together in 2014. We're seeing the benefit of those actions in 2015. 
Gary Coleman: You're asking about average stake amount, it varies by company, but American over $40,000 average base amount. What we're seeing a new increase really in the base amount is Direct Response. The Direct Response is been lower than the 40,000, in the past we're starting to sell some higher based amounts up to 100,000 and that we see it hasnt been a dramatic increase yet, but we are seeing an increase there. But still when you compare to other companies, our prices amounts are pretty low. American income around -- a little over 40,000 and in globe is still under that.
Unidentified Analyst: It's not build like much 17 [indiscernible], but I just trying to get, if the success you had in recruiting and I think we got the answer to that, is also sort of flowing through to success in higher phased amount, higher premium amount. So it's not just you're adding more agents. But you really are adding more productive and I assume more profitable agent, so thats a fair way to [indiscernible].
Gary Coleman: Rather effective at the start of 2014 was growth in middle management. We saw growth in middle management in each of our sales system and in each of our agencies. You should grow your middle management, you have better training. Those middle manager are then recruiter, sends another positive impact from 2014, as follow through the 2015.
Larry Hutchison: Frank you want to handle the RBC question?
Frank Svoboda: So I'll touch on the SMP issue first and you are right, the SMP is perfect places to find negative outlook last fall. It's really based upon their view of certain inner company preferred stock that is part of our insurance company's capital structure. This preferred stock has been in place since 1998 and then has not really changing in a substantial level since that period of time. But the SMP in there adoption of -- they dont look at RBC they have their own capital model and basically there was a just a change in view on their part on how much credit they wanted to get thats with respect to that preferred stock. And so with respect to and again they want to give us a little bit or some less credit than what we're getting into our RBC model. So we are taking a look at different options that we have with respect to address the additional capital that they would like to see within the insurance company. And we're taking a look at whether we want to if were interested in keeping our SMP rating. We also do recognize that the SMP is not that critical or isnt critical at all from our marketing efforts. And that we probably tend to one notch above many of our peers with respect to -- at least a one notch down grade should we have one, it really wouldnt be that costly from perspective and so we are looking at different methods to cure that and it might take different forms of financing and also maybe well end have having a little bit more external financing and replace some of that preferred stock -- intercompany preferred stock that is currently down in insurance company, really dont see that having any impact on the RBC within the company's, it may in fact improve it to some degree. With respect to the bonds and the initiative going on at TNIC it is something that weve been watching. The information that I have is that its truly not going to for the most part [befalling] it, not until 2017 or 2018. If once its fully implemented it definitely could have some meaningful impact on how we think about the capital and at some of our RBC levels, we don't see it having any impacts on us from 2015. But I don' t have any numbers in front of me here hear that would indicate that exactly what that would be, other than it's definitely something that well have to watch a year or two down the road.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, just come back on S&P for a second, what I had seen as you did going criteria watch and thats it, going to make it outlook -- but criteria watch when they announce the capital model changes towards the end of March and my understanding of that process is somewhat mechanical but it's going to get result in the next six months, or Ill say it could take some [Indiscernible] action. Now you mentioned on the preferred I guess it was might be helpful for all, is how much are they actually talking about in terms of dollars, because I do appreciate [indiscernible] It is something thats got a dollar cost to it, they are looking for XML, that if you add that to the capital structure I assume the writing will say this is what it is. So if could just maybe put a number on it because it does seem to me that this is something that's got to get result but at the end of the third quarter.
Frank Svoboda: Well I don't think I don't think that is some of that we have to have for the additional amount of capital resolved by the end of the third quarter we will have discussions with them, that are kind of a normally schedule discussions sometime in the later part of the second or likely the third quarter that will be talking about that. The total amount of preferred stock that is in the insurance companies is around 300 million but that is not an amount that we believe in the -- that has to be replace in its entirety and so the numbers that we think we would have to do to address the situation are is much less than that. But again as we're looking through the options not really at a point to say exactly what we think we would have to replace that with.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay and I guess the final clarifications is just to be certain. Does [indiscernible] use any sort of captive reinsurance, the fund held in reserves and/or [indiscernible]. 
Larry Hutchison: Not the later, we do have an off shore captive insurance company that does seed some redundant reserves. They are not Triple X or A triple X reserves, theyre just not economic results that we are require to hold that at -- of our company and we do reinsure a couple of 100 million dollars of that.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. Thank you, I suspect that a criteria watch issue. But thanks very much.
Operator: And will now go to Eric Brook with RBC capital markets.
Eric Brook: I wanted to start with Globe, are you in effect saying that the business was effectively and modestly more underpriced than you had thought it was when you first approached this topic last year.
Larry Hutchison: I'm sorry could you just repeat the question. 
Eric Brook: Sure, you've discussed the fact that underwriting profitability, I believe you are saying at globe, please correct me if I don't have that right; is not as great as you thought and in particular are you saying that's it's just modestly worst then you thought it would be when you first approach the topic of this older [indiscernible] business several quarters ago?
Gary Coleman: Yes as [price] mentioned looking at premiums we had -- instead of being our -- the total policy responsible for this entire grid response unit, instead of being 48%, were expecting it to be more 48.5% to 49% and again it is due primarily to this older block of business, is they the clients are coming in on that block.
Eric Brook: My second questions relates to Family Heritage. It's clear that you had a sharp increase in recruiting, as we think about all of the measures that look quite, strong growth in premiums, strong growth in sales, strong growth in force. It is you just about the fact that you have a lot more people selling your product these days or is it more going on at Family Heritage that would explain the very healthy increase in all of the major measures of corporate performance at this company?
Gary Coleman: Fairly Heritage is driven primarily by an increasing number of agents and want to caution that those additional agents, I would expect that they will wright in lower weekly premiums than experienced agents, but additional, this will result in overall premium growth for Family Heritage. 
Eric Brook: Is that connected to that -- sorry please continue.
Gary Coleman: I see that productivity as much as I see a greater number of agents, providing business at Family Heritage.
Eric Brook: If I could just sneak in one more quick one, as we continue to monitor the study of the data that you report out in of our your supplementary pages on agent count, I'd be curious to know how you look at those data, do you -- are you interested in the relationship between say renewal agent and the total the idea of being the first year agents tend to be not nearly just productive as renewal agents? Are you looking at the total number, what would you -- what numbers would you encourage readers of your financial statements to really hone in on or ratios on that page showing the agent count?
Gary Coleman: Two things that we focused on is the average agent count is indicative of what production was for the quarter, as we've provided ending agent count I guess some indicator of what's going to happen on this subsequent quarter in terms of new samples, for the mix of first year agents versus renewal agents is a concern, you -- on February youve seen some improvements and that ratio, but the two primary focus points are average count and ending count in terms of an indicator of where we are going with that recruiting.
Operator: At this time, there is one name remaining in the roaster, [Operator Instructions] and we'll now go to Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: I am sorry if you touched on this earlier but could you talk about trends in policy retention with the good strong growth in the life sales lately, has there been any impact on retention any new initiatives or sustained initiatives internally that will influenced that going forward?
Larry Hutchison: Mark this is Larry. I think the one concern we had as we look at Liberty National, we saw little decrease in agent retention as we just look further in that item. It really was some specific agencies that we're addressing the Liberty National. We have a conservation person in the agency and she's at the agencies we don't think there will be decline within. We'll see normal persistency or cancellation rates within that agency.
Gary Coleman: As far as if you could look at the policy lapse rates, were continuing to see improvement in our lapse rates, we've talked about conservation program and its continuing to improving there. We're expecting to conserve a little over 18% of policies that laps this year versus this just three years ago, it was or five years ago it was like 5%. We're continuing to find the new ways to conserve policies that had lapsed or about lapse, so we feel very good about where we're with our conservation programs, I know that they are doing a really good job and we think that we will continue to see improvement in the conservation. So that's a good sign as weve mentioned in our production grows as we put the conversation, I think we'll see further improvements in our lapse rates.
Larry Hutchison: Mark this is Larry again, if I meant strong, I may have said agent retention, I was talking about policy retention, with that. We talked about agent retentions, so I may be used that term but certainly that delivery is actually what policy retention and its been addressed.
Operator: And there are no other questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Mike Majors for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Okay, thank you for joining is this morning. Those were our comments and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And thank you very much, that concludes our conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - Vice President, Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison - Co-Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda - Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Erik Bass - Citigroup Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank John Nadel - Sterne Agee Kenneth Lee - RBC Capital Markets Mark Hughes - SunTrust Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2013 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $131 million or $1 dollar per share, a per share increase of 30% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $147 million or $1.13 per share, a 9% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities and amortized cost, our return on equity as of December 31, was 14.9% and our book value per share was $27.91, an 8% increase from year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities and market value, book value per share increased 31% to $36.19. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $494 million, while life underwriting margins were $136 million, down 1% from a year ago. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $225 million and health underwriting margin grew 3% to $51 million. Health sales increased from $40 million to $72 million, $25 million of the increase was due to group business and the remaining $7 million was related to individual business. Administrative expenses were $45 million for the quarter, down 2% from year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $180 million or 5.7% of premium. In 2015, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 6% to 7% and be approximately 5.8% of premium. The primary reasons for the increase in administrative expenses are higher pension costs resulting from the required implementation of a new mortality table and further investments in IT systems. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We are very pleased that we had strong sales growth in each of the distribution channels for both the quarter and the full year. Now, I would like to discuss results for each of those channels. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $196 million and life underwriting margin was up 6% to $62 million. Net life sales were $46 million, up 23% due primarily to increased agent counts. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,434, up 21% from a year ago. The average agent count the fourth quarter was 6,323, up 4% from the third quarter. We expect life sales growth in 2015 to be within a range of 6% to 10%. At our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $174 million. But life underwriting margin declined 9% to $37 million. Net life sales were up 10% to $38 million. We expect 4% to 8% life sales growth for 2015. At Liberty National life premiums were $67 million, approximately the same as the year ago quarter. Our life underwriting margin declined 16% to $16 million. Net life sales grew 15% to $9 million, while net health sales increased 19% to $5 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,498, up 5% from a year ago. The average agent count the fourth quarter was 1,572, up 1% from the third quarter. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 6% to 10% for 2015. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range 4% to 8% for 2015. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $53 million, while health underwriting margin increased 12% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 8% to $12 million. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 785, up 13% over a year ago. The average agent count for the fourth quarter was 782, up 2% from the third quarter. We expect health sales growth to be in a range from 4% to 10% for 2015. At United American General Agency count premiums increased 8% to $81 million. Net health sales grew from $22 million to $51 million. Of the $51 0230 million in 2014 sales individual sales were $12 million, up 15%, our group sales were $39 million compared to $14 million a year ago. In 2015, we expect growth in individual sales to be around 14% to 16%, while group health sales are hard to predict we expect them to decline in 2015 due to the unusual number of large group cases we acquired in 2014. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 22% to $90 million while the underwriting margin declined from $10 million to $5 million. The decline in underwriting margin was due to the higher than unanticipated Part D drug costs discussed in our previous calls. We expect Part D premiums of $315 million to $335 million in 2015 and expect margin as a percentage of premium to be approximately 6% to 8%. Frank will discuss this further in his comments. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I will spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income, excess investment income, which we define as net investment income, less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $56 million, an increase of 2% over the fourth quarter of 2013. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 8%. As we discussed previously excess investment income was negatively impacted by Part D to the extent of $2 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $5 million for the full year. Excluding the negative impact of Part D, excess investment income would have increased almost 5% for the year or about 10% on per share basis. For 2015, we expect excess investment income to decrease by about 1% to 3%. However, on a per share basis we should see an increase of about 3% to 4%. At the midpoint of our 2015 guidance we are expecting a further drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $6 million. Regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $13.3 billion, including $12.8 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.3 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $561 million compared to $566 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4% compared to 4.5% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.5 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.7 billion, approximately $250 million higher at the end of the third quarter. To complete the investment portfolio discussion, I would like to address our investments in the energy sector. We believe the risk of realizing losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. Over 99% of our energy holdings are investment grade. And at the end of 2014, our energy portfolio had net unrealized gains of $152 million. Also less than 10% of our energy holdings are in the oilfield service and drilling sector. And we have reviewed our energy holdings and concluded that while we may see some downgrades, we believe that the companies we have invested in can withstand low oil prices for an extended duration. As to investment yield, in the fourth quarter, we invested $205 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.8% and we are trading at BBB+ and an average life of 29 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.89%, down 1 basis point from the 5.9% yield in the fourth quarter of 2013. At December 31, 2014, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.89%. We are concerned about the decline in new money rates this year and as a result, we lowered the new money rates from our previous guidance. The midpoint of our current guidance for 2015 assumes new money yields of 4.5% for the first half of the year and 4.75% for the second half. On past analyst calls we have discussed in detail the impact of a lower, prolonger interest rate environment. As a reminder, an extended low interest rate environment impacts our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for in the past 60, we dont see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding our share repurchases and parent company assets, in the fourth quarter, we spent $87 million to buy 1.7 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $52.76. For the full year, we spent $375 million of parent company cash to acquire 7.2 million shares at an average price of $52.42. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $57 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional cash flow in 2015. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from the subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2014 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect free cash flow in 2015 to be in the range of $355 million to $365 million. Thus including the $57 million available from assets on hand, we currently expect to have around $417 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. To-date in 2015, we have used $34.3 million of this cash to buy 656,000 Torchmark shares. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries, we plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although we havent finalized our 2014 statutory financial statements, we expect that the RBC percentage at December 31, 2014 will be slightly above the 325% consolidated target. We do not anticipate any changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2015. Now, Id like to take a few minutes to discuss our Part D operations. Our final underwriting results were largely in line with our expectations, ending the year with $27 million underwriting margins or 7.8% of premiums. As discussed on our last call, this margin is less than originally anticipated primarily because of higher-than-expected hepatitis C claims during the year. Included on our website is a schedule entitled Medicare Part D margins, which provides information regarding Part D premiums and margins for 2013, 2014 and estimated for 2015. As the schedule shows, we anticipate higher premiums and indicated on our last call. This is due primarily to higher than anticipated enrollments in both our individual and group plan offerings during the enrollment period. Premiums from auto enrollees will be approximately $25 million to $28 million the same as indicated in our last call. Although we expect higher premiums, we expect that our underwriting margins will be relatively flat to slightly lower than 2014 and then our margin as a percentage of premium will be lower than last indicated. The revised outlook in the margin percentage is as a result of preliminary analysis of the risk scores and claims history of our actual 2015 enrollees. The mix of enrollees for 2015 preliminarily indicates higher utilization of higher cost drugs which have lower margins. As noted on our last call, the higher-than-expected Part D cost in 2014 didnt just impact underwriting income, but also resulted in lower net investment income. These higher costs resulted in higher amounts paid upfront on behalf of the government and wont get reimbursed to us until November 2015. For 2014, net investment income was negatively impacted by approximately $4.5 million. In 2015, the midpoint of our guidance anticipates about $6 million of reduced investment income as a result of the delayed 2014 cash flows plus additional cash outflows expected to occur in 2015. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2015, we expect our net operating income to be within the range of $4.20 per share to $4.40 per share, a 7% increase over 2014 at the midpoint. The $0.05 reduction at the midpoint from our previous guidance was due primarily to the increase in pension expense, reduction in expected Part D margins, and a reduction in expected earnings from our Canadian operations due to the recent change in the Canadian exchange rate. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Erik Bass with Citigroup.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. Just wanted to spend a little bit more time on Part D and I was hoping you could talk about what changed in Part D and why enrollments you think ended up being so much higher than your initial expectations? And then also as you touched on your margin guidance, its obviously lower than previously and it seems to imply that you are expecting some adverse selection. So, maybe if you could comment a little bit more, what is it about the enrollment base that suggests that would be the case?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Eric. With respect to the enrollments, at the time of the last call, we are using our best estimates taking a look at kind of normal trends in the premium, taking into account the premium rate increases that we had put into effect working with our consultant to look at a particular mix and trying to get an estimate of the total number of enrollees that we might have. Keep in mind it was before obviously the open enrollment period that occurred in the fourth quarter. So, we did end up having a substantially higher amount of enrollments within our individuals by about two-thirds of the added enrollments in our individual plans and then we did have higher group sales in the fourth quarter as well. And as I noted before, the auto enrollees ended up being about the same as where the same as where we ended up  what we had indicated on our last call with total premiums around $25 million, which is at 85% or so decrease from 2014 levels. With respect to the margins, the decrease is really just higher. It is higher expected claims and fewer drug rebates than we had originally anticipated. And its across all of our businesses both the individual and group, but the last guidance was again given prior to the actual enrollment results and now with those  with the final enrollment results and being able to see who exactly is in the plan, we are just better able to estimate the anticipated drug utilization and cost. And it just does appear that the group that we have is a group that has higher utilization and actually its having a little higher utilization of higher cost drugs, which then while they are included in our pricing really just have a lower margin and tend to have fewer rebates from the pharmaceutical companies.
Erik Bass: Got it. Thats helpful. So it ended up essentially then that your pricing was a little bit more competitive than you had initially expected?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think there is a lot of different factors that enter into why a particular individual chooses our plan versus another. And the websites, I think facilitate that comparison and really we are taking a look into what maybe some of those factors are, but at this time, we dont have all those answers.
Erik Bass: Got it. Maybe just a follow-up bigger picture question on Part D I guess is do you think that this is a good business and something that you want to be in over time or does the challenge with accurately projecting enrollments and margins change your thinking at all on that?
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think as we have talked about in previous calls, I mean, this has always been an opportunistic business for us. And we have in looking back at the program over since 2006, when we first got into it its been a good program for us. The margins clearly in 2014 and what we are looking for in 2015 are what we would prefer and we will continue to evaluate the program as we do every year and see what tweaks and changes we want to make with it.
Erik Bass: Okay, thank you for the comments.
Operator: We will take our next question from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner: Hey, good morning. Thanks. I was interested actually in picking up on some of the yield comments and Gary, if you covered this, I apologize if I missed it. But first of all, where is the portfolio yield coming off now and where is new money coming on just currently not talking about the 2015 guidance, because I have a question on that, but where are you now on those two metrics?
Gary Coleman: Okay. Randy, for the portfolio yield, at the end of the year its 5.89%. And during the year, we invested money at 4.77%, the higher at the full year and then we  I think we ended up at 4.8% for the quarter.
Randy Binner: Okay. So, 4.8% for the quarter and then I guess your kind of spot, you are saying its 4.5%, I guess, because if I got that right, in your 2015 guidance, you said you are assuming 4.5% growing to 4.75% basis points, is that right?
Gary Coleman: Right, but were assuming 4.5% for half the year and 4.75% for the second half of the year.
Randy Binner: So, that 4.5% is coming in where, is that is that still A- or you do have to go into the high BBBs to get that?
Gary Coleman: It would be in the high BBBs, which is we fluctuate between A- and BBB+. To get to those rates, it would BBBs and BBB+.
Randy Binner: Okay. And then on the energy disclosure, I appreciate that, but the one piece I didnt get and then again I may have missed it, the energy exposure you have currently in the below investment grade area, is what number or percentage?
Gary Coleman: Well, out of the $1.5 billion of energy bonds, only $16 million are below investment grade bond  below investment grade.
Randy Binner: Okay, so its de minimis?
Gary Coleman: Its de minimis and over  almost 9% of the bonds are pipelines and exploration production. There is very little in the oil field service or drillers.
Randy Binner: Okay, oil service. Okay. I am just going to ask one more, just in case no one hits on it, but I have asked this question I think almost every conference call, but I have been interested to see how well you all have done in improving your sales, while some other direct and kind of lets call it direct distributors of life, health products, I have struggled because of a better employment environment meaning the folks who take a direct sales job find something else to do in this kind of economy. I would just be interested in your perspective on that of how you have gotten the agent counts up really across the board whether you talk about [indiscernible] American Income or Liberty despite the fact that these targeted individuals assuming they would have other job opportunities, just kind of interested in your color on that dynamic?
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry, in all three agencies particular recurring system have enabled us to continue to grow the agent count. We are continually trying to improve those recruiting system and training systems. Additionally in all three agencies we have implemented systems is to really focus on improving agent retention. In answering your question I am less concerned about the general economy, we are really focusing on performance in terms of recruiting and retraining agents.
Gary Coleman: And also Randy I would add is in recruiting we are not just recruiting agents to come in and sell insurance. We are recruiting them with the opportunity that they can  as they grow they can some day head up an office, its own their own business to a certain extent. So I think that helps us.
Randy Binner: I guess the quick follow-up is beyond I guess becoming a middle I think you all call middle managers, is there a better  are using better technology, the processes on the recruiting or what it was  is it specifically thats improved there?
Larry Hutchison: Its better technology, but its also using different sources of recruiting. Now, internet recruiting has been a strong source for the last 10 years. We have recruited and personally recruiting is another specialized recruiting. I will say the other factor thats driving agent growth and the companies are focused on middle management Randy is not just recruiting our agents, its we promote middle-management and we see that middle-management number increase, more people are coming through and trained in the field.
Randy Binner: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. First, I had a question on margins in Liberty National and in the Direct Response businesses, both businesses underwriting margins declined sequentially and I think they are the lowest that they have been in the last several years, so maybe if you can discuss what happened there. And then secondly on the producing agent count at Liberty National, obviously its going over time, but it did drop on a sequential basis and what caused the drop and what your expectations are for that channel?
Gary Coleman: Okay. Jimmy lets talk about the margins first and lets talk about Liberty National. There are some at Liberty there are unfavorable comparisons not only a quarter, but on the year basis. For example, in the quarter  fourth quarter we had high quarter in terms of claims this year, last year it was a low quarter. When you look at it for the year, the policy obligation ratio which is the main impact on the margin here it was 39% in 2014 versus 38% in 2013. The 38% is a little bit of an outlier. Those prior two years we were at the 39% level. So we think the 39% level is the  is appropriate and thats we have included in our guidance. And then it has the impact on the margins this year 26% versus 27% last year, but if you go back and look at the prior two years we were at that 26% level. So what I am saying is, is I think that where we were in 2014 is more realistic and thats also where we think we will be going forward both on the policy obligation ratio and the margin. On that Direct Response, we really had two issues to hit us there. The margins were low in Direct Response for the same reason Liberty National higher policy obligation percentage. That policy obligation percentage is high. One, because there is a little bit of a quarterly fluctuation thats there that we didnt have in the fourth quarter of last year. But also from our trends, we have seen that the policy obligation percentage is higher in Direct Response versus the prior years. So if you look at year-to-date the policy obligation percentage is 48%, thats higher than the 46% to 47% we have had in prior years. But we from where our trends are showing we think the 48% is the level not only for this year, but it will be the level we will have next year as well and thats what we had included in the midpoint of our guidance. Not a big change, but we think it is  that instead of 46%, 47%, we will be at 48%.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay.
Larry Hutchison: So, in the fourth quarter Liberty National agencies were focused on their worksite policy renewals and new sales. The agencies have refocused on recruiting new agents during the first quarter. We dont expect much growth in agent count during the first quarter, but we do expect to see an increase in agent count quarter-to-quarter for the remainder of 2015. And we believe that producing an agent count at the end of 2015 for Liberty National should be between 1,650 to 1,700 agents.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning gentlemen, go back to the Part D business and maybe better understand what the underlying trends there were. So first you talked about high utilization rates of high cost drugs is this still mostly the Hep C drugs?
Frank Svoboda: It does not appear to be with respect to the Hep C drugs at all. In fact, for 2015 and the new drug Harvoni, we feel very comfortable in the pricing that we have in our PBM and as our preferred  also our preferred pharmacy has been able to negotiate similar rebates and some discounts on those particular drugs in 2015. So we see those as actually being very well taken into account. Just it seems to be across the board just other again there is a myriad of other more just the brand A drugs versus using generic drugs.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And is there something that just kind of creeped up unexpectedly or because ultimately there are generic and brand drugs out there any given year and things like this year in particular seems to be hitting a little more severely?
Frank Svoboda: We did see a little bit of that trend moving in that direction towards the end of 2014 with respect to some of our the new enrollees that we had in 2014, that did seem to be a new trend that we did see in 2014 versus in any of our prior years.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And maybe one final question on actually  specifically to the Hep C, are you assuming that same utilization rate for 15 as the one you saw in 14?
Frank Svoboda: We are assuming actually a pretty high utilization rate and a little bit of an increased rate or continuing an increased rate into 2015.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, I guess not to beat a dead horse on Part D, but I am just curious if you are earning 6% to 8% margin and I think the more typical historical margin would have been around 10% give or take, how does that  what does that do to the ROE on that business?
Frank Svoboda: It drives it down, obviously, its interesting ROE on that particular business is the hard one to take a look at because there is actually very little capital that is required to maintain and operate that business. So we dont tend to look at that on a strictly on ROE basis as much as we are overall looking at our overall margins and overall investment return.
John Nadel: Okay. And then I understand can you  I think last quarter you told us that in November of 15 you expected to get back from the government I think somewhere slightly north of $100 million in cash, I assume that number is higher now overall?
Frank Svoboda: That is correct. It is about $195 million that we are actually set to receive from the government in November 2015.
John Nadel: Okay. And
Gary Coleman: John we talked about that in the third quarter, I think we are talking about, it was going to be $165 million, its gone from $165 million to $195 million.
John Nadel: Okay. And then  and so if I think about a lot of your assumptions that are baked into 15 guide and if we just assume they held constant and I am thinking really more about the new money rate and excess investment income, the receipt of that cash towards the end of 15 all else equal should that lead us to believe that excess investment income in dollars not per share, but in dollars is likely actually going to be up in 16 versus 15 even if its only modestly?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, I would think so, part of it depends on our experience in Part D for 2015 in terms of how much receivable we have  that growth from the 2015 business, but as to what we are expecting is it will be less and so therefore I think your assumption is right. We should be able to see a pickup in 2016.
John Nadel: Okay. And just  and then just one quick following up on the Direct Response margin, so I understood your comments on the benefit ratio if I would  policy obligations divided by premiums maybe 48% is the new normal there, does that mean that the underwriting margin the new normal is more like a 24% give or take margin there too?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, John thats what  we are finishing this year right at 24% and in the midpoint of our guidance we are right at 24%.
John Nadel: Okay. And then just overall that I know its only a one point increase in the benefit ratio there, claims ratio, but I am curious as you dissect that whether you have seen any  whether you can find exactly whats driving that. And I am really more curious whether its a result of I know some time ago you increased policy limits on what you are willing to write face amount I think $100,000 give or take and I am wondering if you are seeing some times  some poor results there or not?
Larry Hutchison: No, John its not in the more recent issues. We are seeing this as policies are issued back in early 2000s.
John Nadel: Okay.
Larry Hutchison: Where the actual claims coming in a little higher than we anticipated at that time.
John Nadel: Okay. So its aging?
Larry Hutchison: Right.
John Nadel: Okay, very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss: Hi, thank you. Thanks for taking the question. I had just a few follow-ups, most of my questions have been asked at this point. American Income producing agent count could seem quite strong, is there some upside perhaps to the sales growth forecast for 15 which I believe you kept in that same range of 6% to 10%?
Larry Hutchison: Producing agent count at the end of 2015 for American Income should be between 6,800 and 7,000 agents thats what we used in giving our sales forecast.
Seth Weiss: Okay. So we dont want to think about the producing agent count as a leading indicator then of sales growth?
Gary Coleman: As far as the leading indicator, but there is always a lag in sales activity versus agent recruiting and thats really because sales growth follows agent growth because new agents are generally less productive than veteran agents.
Seth Weiss: Okay, understood. And just coming back to the Part D, I just want to clarify one thing because I guess I am a little surprised, the focus on it from the call considering that with change in your margins and the dollar amounts that I believe its less than $0.02 a share are you  if we look back a 6% to 8% margin on, call it, $300 million of premium versus a 10% margin on $180 million of premium. If its the same dollar amount, are you basically ambivalent to it? I think you addressed that question earlier on, but the higher premium in force, that doesnt create a greater capital need. Is that correct?
Frank Svoboda: No, that is correct. And what we are pretty focused is what that the net underwriting margin in dollars is thats adding to our bottom line. As you indicated, I think at the midpoint of our guidance, we have gone from  on the last call, we had pointed to about $25 million of midpoint as far as underwriting margin is concerned and now we are looking in that $21 million to $23 million range. So, you are right, thats really the net impact and thats really where we are focused on.
Seth Weiss: Okay. Appreciate the clarity. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kenneth Lee with RBC Capital Markets.
Kenneth Lee: Hi, how is it going? Just had a quick follow-up question on life margins, a while back there was expectation that life margins for Liberty National could get somewhere on the ballpark of 27%, 28% longer term after restructuring towards the variable cost model in American Incomes, just wanted to know whether that is still the case, because it sounds as if it could be close to 26% right now? Thanks.
Gary Coleman: Yes, Kenneth, I think we are expecting 26% and thats basically what we had in our midpoint of our guidance. So, I think the 27% that we had in 2013 as I mentioned now that is an outlier there. We think that the difference there was really in the policy obligations 38% in 2013 versus 39% in 2014. So, we expect to be in that 26% range. And that should  it should remain there, plus or minus a little.
Kenneth Lee: Got it. For the long-term, right?
Gary Coleman: Right.
Kenneth Lee: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much. Good morning. The impact on 2016 from the pension cost and the IT investments, can you give us some sense of that? Is there a kind of one-time hit or will that be flat and therefore less of a margin impact in 2016? How should we think about that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, with respect to the pension, there is a little bit of a larger hit here in 2015 diverse with what would expect to see in 2016, there will still be some carryover effect and some just general higher expenses relating to the new mortality table, a lot of 2016 will depend on what happens with interest rates. Again, the discount rate thats applicable to our 2015 expense is at 4.23% if we get some relief on the rates where that drifts back up toward 5%, then thats going to help relieve some of the pressure from the 2016 expense as well, but you shouldnt see the same magnitude of increase from 15 to 16 as we saw in 14 to 15. As far as the IT, go ahead.
Gary Coleman: Frank, as far as the  just the impact of mortality table, not interest rates, over 60% of that like a one-time as we convert everybody over to mortality table as opposed to going forward.
Frank Svoboda: Thats correct.
Mark Hughes: And then on the IT investments?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So, on the IT investments, you will continue to see strong increases on that from year-to-year. I would say, the increase has been fairly consistent with what you are seeing from 14 to 15 largely as we have been making some investments over the past couple of years and the depreciation of those investments are starting to really hit the books here in 15 and then we will get some of the added depreciation that we are seeing on our investments here in 15, we will start to hit it in 16. So, you will continue to see some increases there.
Mark Hughes: Then I had just one follow-up. Just kind of any broad thoughts on productivity with the economy perhaps getting a little bit better, a little faster job growth, household formation, et cetera, do think you are seeing a little more appetite for consumers to buy insurance? Should that be meaningful going forward?
Larry Hutchison: I think the increased percent of productivity was less related to the economy is more focused on some changes we are making to the American Income and the other distribution. We are implementing some new technology to make agents better at rate mapping. We have new payment systems in place. Its specifically each agency to improve productivity, so we are less focused on general economy, really focusing on each distribution unit and how do we pick up distribution within each unit.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital.
Bob Glasspiegel: Just want to follow-up on the IT question, having followed you guys for 34 years I dont think I have ever seen an admin expense budget of up 7% going into a year. And what are you trying to get from the IT expenses that you are building? Is this catching up to the rest of the world on maintenance or is this taking you to another level as far as on the sales perspective?
Larry Hutchison: I dont think its catch-up, Bob, I think its really making changes in our investment in each agency. And so as you look at really new technology has just become available in the last 24, 36 months. So, the IT changes in the agency system are staying ahead of the curve not to catch-up.
Frank Svoboda: And Bob, I would add though, we were  our administrative expenses were virtually flat for 2014, but we benefited by lower pension expense in 2014 that remember last year at this time, those were higher. That drove the pension expense down, excluding the impact of the benefit we got there, you would have seen growth in our administrative expenses last year.
Bob Glasspiegel: Got it. Just so I can understand better though, the IT spending, this is going to allow your agents to sell better or how does it work? Is this laptop?
Larry Hutchison: Its not laptop, Bob, its our  we want to talk about rate mapping, I am talking about the recent technology, so it makes agents more efficient. As we put leads into that system, they call on their prospects in order so they spend the least amount of time on the road, more time making presentations. Thats one example. Another is upgrading our compensation systems. As we need to treat our compensation, we can make those changes more quickly and we can respond to the data we are seeing come out of the agencies. Before we need to focus our compensation we focus on recruiting, retention, all of the different metrics we are going to focus on compensation on. So, the technology is really changing quickly in the agency world and we are just trying to be responsive of that and make our agents spend more time in presentations, less time in trying to setup appointments and the time it takes to drive those different appointments.
Bob Glasspiegel: Is this more of a top-line sales or a margin sort of benefit that you will get from these investments?
Larry Hutchison: I think its in investments, but over time we are able to grow our sales force.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Is that what you were going to say, Gary?
Gary Coleman: No, what I was going to say getting back to the impact on administrative expenses, even with these additional expenses, IT and also the pension expense, our ratio to premium is going to be 5.8%. This year, its 5.7%. For 2014, its 5.7% but we have been in the 5.8%, 5.9% range. So, these are just reasons expenses are going to be a little bit higher this year, but our overall expense ratio was going to stay where it has been.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. So, part of it is your premiums are growing faster so you can absorb higher admin expenses?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel: Got it. Thank you.
Gary Coleman: Go ahead.
Bob Glasspiegel: No, that was it. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz: Hey, good morning, everybody. Just Larry, could you restate what the AIZ target count is for the agents for the year, you broke up a little bit on the lower end?
Larry Hutchison: Well, sure. I hope there is distribution given the producing agent count at the end of 2015 for American Income should be 6,800 and 7,000 agents, at Liberty National, the producing agent count at the end of 2015 should be between 1,650 and 1,700 agents and at Family Heritage, at the end of 2015 we expect to have between 840 to 880 agents.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Thank you. And then just a quick one, most of my questions have been asked, given the 4.5% targeted new money rate for the first half of the year and then 4.75% for the second half, how should we see the effective portfolio yield come down, how much on a quarterly basis?
Gary Coleman: Well, for the year we are  if we invest at those ranges, we are thinking instead of 5.89% the portfolio will decline  portfolio yield will decline 10 basis points to 5.79% and 5.80% somewhere in that stakes up. I dont know that its even for a quarter but for the year it would be 10 basis points.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, alright. Thanks guys.
Operator: We will take our next questions from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, I have a quick couple of follow-ups. You touched upon the energy space at least with regards to investment I was curious if you expected any impact to sales next year given the turmoil in the energy sector?
Larry Hutchison: No, we are not expecting any impact on the sales at all from the turmoil in the energy sector.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the pension and then the new mortality tables, I was just curious why those werent factored in already at the time of the last  or when the initial guidance was given on the last call?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The timing Yaron from the information that had been provided out by the Society of Actuaries I mean there had been some proposals that had been floated around earlier in the year. The final mortality tables and the comments that had been floating around during the year really werent available until late in October, the final mortality tables were actually released in October of 2014. So for us to get a reasonable estimate we just did not have a reasonable estimate of what the overall impact of these mortality tables would be on our particular population within our pension plan at the time of the last call.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next questions from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel: Hi, just quick follow-up on the higher pension costs, there was some discussion earlier in the Q&A about some portion of it likely more one-time in nature, some portion of it potentially more of an ongoing issue and I know we have to be concerned about what happens with the discount rate, but if  similar to my last question if we assume no real change on the longer term discount rate on the pension block, looking out to 2016 how do we think about those overall costs?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. John, at this time we dont have a projection of our 2016 costs, its been provided to us that takes into account the full impact of those mortality tables.
John Nadel: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: So I dont really have a good number to give you, I dont anticipate there being a  that there would not be a similar type increase from what we saw here for 15, but we do think the majority of the increase from 14 to 15 really came from that change in the mortality table, so we wouldnt expect  I sure dont expect a similar increase.
John Nadel: Got it. So it should be it should be more of  in dollar terms there would be expense in 16 versus 15 should be reasonably similar?
Frank Svoboda: Reasonably similar I would think.
John Nadel: Yes, okay. But no big step back down unless discount moves?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
John Nadel: Thank you. Thats helpful.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Coleman: Alright. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments and we will talk to you again next quarter 
Operator: And this does conclude todays conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Eric Bass - Citigroup Randy Binner - FBR Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Colin Devine - Jefferies John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Ryan Krueger - KBW Eric Berg - RBC 
Operator: Please standby. Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2013 10-K and any subsequent Form 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the third quarter was $131 million or $0.99 per share, a per share increase of 4% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $132 million or $1 per share, a 5% increase on a per share basis. On our second quarter conference call, the midpoint of the guidance provided for the full year 2014 anticipated net operating income of $1.01 per share in the third quarter. The actual net operating income was $0.02 lower due to higher than expected Part D drug costs. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of September 30 was 15.1%, and our book value per share was $27.57, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share increased 27% to $34.55. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $492 million, and life underwriting margins were $139 million, approximately the same as a year ago. Net life sales increased 14% to $91 million. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D grew 1% to $210 million, and health underwriting margin grew 5% to $49 million. Health sales increased from $23 million to $48 million. Administrative expenses were $45 million for the quarter, 1% more than a year ago. For the full year 2014, we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 1% and be approximately 5.7% of premium. I have one more item to discuss before turning the call over to Larry. Recently, there were reports that Torchmark had suffered a data breach. There was an isolated internal breach in which we believe that someone at one of American Income's agency offices in the northwest used compromised login credentials to obtain personal information from approximately 400 insurance applications. We have notified the individuals affected and continue to follow the investigation. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First, let's discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 7% to $194 million, and life underwriting margin was up 3% to $60 million. Net life sales were $43 million, up 18% due primarily to increased agent counts. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter were 6,155, up 13% from a year ago. The average count in the third quarter was 6,106, up 6% from the second quarter.
, : At Liberty National, life premiums declined 2% to $68 million, while life underwriting margin declined 7% to $18 million. Net life sales grew 18% to $9 million, and net health sales increased 22% to $4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,604, up 22% from a year ago. The average agent count for the third quarter was 1,554, up 4% from the second quarter. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 9% to 11% for the full year 2014, and 5% to 9% for 2015. Health net sales growth is expected to be within our range of 17% to 19% for the full year 2014, and 5% to 9% for 2015. Now, Family Heritage; health premiums increased 7% to $52 million. Our health underwriting margin increased 40% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 18% to $12 million. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 761, up 6% over a year ago. The average agent count for the third quarter was 763, up 1% from the second quarter. We expect sales growth for the full year 2014 to be in the range from 7% to 9%, and 4% to 10% for 2015. The United American General Agency health premiums increased 2% to $71 million; net health sales grew from 6 million to $10 million. We expect General Agency net sales growth for the full year 2014 to be in a range of approximately 30% to 40%. Our group health sales are hard to predict. We'd expect relatively flat sales in 2015 due to those two large group cases required in 2014. Now, direct response heath; Medicare supplement sales were $19 million compared to $1 million in the year ago quarter. This is due to a new large group case. Most of our Medicare supplement business is distributed to our United American General industries agencys channel. This case is classified as direct response, because we mail coverage offers directly to the retailers as coverage is available on a voluntary basis. We expect sales in a range of $22 million to $23 million in 2014, and $5 million to $7 million in 2015. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D grew 17% to $90 million, while the underwriting margin declined from $9 million to $5 million. The decline in underwriting margin was due to the higher than anticipated Part D drug costs we mentioned earlier. We expect Part D premiums of $345 million to $350 million in 2014, and $190 million to $235 million in 2015. Despite a significant decline in premiums expected for 2015, dollar margins are specifically relatively flat due to reduced exposure to auto-enrollment claims. Frank will discuss this further in his comments. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: I'll spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income; excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $55 million, an increase of $1.7 million or 3% over the third quarter of 2013. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 8%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to increase by about 3%, and on a per share basis the increase should be about 8% % compared to 2013. These growth percentages are negatively impacted by Part D. We estimate that the delay in receiving reimbursement from CMS for the higher than expected Part D claims will result in $4 million of lost investment income for the full year. Excluding this reduction, the increase in 2004 excess investment income will be about 5% or 10% of our share basis. Now, regarding the investment portfolio; invested assets were $13.3 billion, including $12.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.2 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $570 million compared to $586 million in a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.5% compared to 4.8% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.5 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 16%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.4 billion, approximately the same as at the end of the second quarter. Now, regarding investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $174 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.24%, and average rating of A minus at an average life of 18 years. The average yield and the average life are lower than in previous quarters due to over half of third quarter investments being made in private placements. Excluding private, new investments in the third quarter had an average yield of 4.86% and an average life of 29 years. Through today, the fourth quarter new money rate has been about 4.75%, which is the rate we've assumed for fourth quarter at the midpoint of the 2014 guidance. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.89%, down two basis points from the 5.91% yield in the third quarter of 2013. At September 30th, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.90%. We're concerned about the decline in new money rates this year. In the past analysts calls we've discussed in details the impact of a lower (indiscernible) interest rate environment. As a reminder, an extended low interest rate environment impacts our income statement, but not the balance sheet. If we primarily say our non-interest protection products account fall under Cloud 60 (indiscernible) or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not perceive a negative impact on our [same store] (ph) balance sheet. While we'd benefit from high interest rates, Torchmark will continue to earn a substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I'd like to first take a few minutes to discuss the reduction in 2014 earnings guidance. The midpoint of our guidance fell $0.08 from $4.10 to $4.02; $0.05 of this reduction is due to additional adverse Part D experience. The remaining $0.03 includes the effect of both higher Part D claims and a lower new money rates on excess investment income, and slightly lower underwriting income from our non-Part D operations. With respect to Part D, we have added new schedule on our Web site entitled "Medicare Part D margins," which provides information regarding Part D premiums and margins. As can be seen on the schedule, the Part D margin as a percentage of premium is expected to decline from 11.8% in 2013 to 7% to 8% in 2014. This reduction results from higher claims driven primarily by two issues. One: Claims that are related to the new Hepatitis C drugs that are trending at the high end of the range, we discussed on our second quarter call, and through a CMS administrative rule change implemented in the third quarter retroactive to the beginning of the year that effectively shifts responsibility for a portion of Part D claims expenditures on group business, from CMS to insurance carriers. For 2015, we expect significantly less volatility in Part D. One: We have adjusted our 2015 pricing to reflect the impact of the Hepatitis C drugs and the administrative rule change. And two: We expect to have about 87% fewer auto-assigned insurance in 2015 than we have in 2014. Since auto-assigns have accounted for nearly 85% of our Hepatitis C claims this year, our exposure to Hepatitis C claims should be much lower next year. While the loss of auto-assigns will result in lower premium income in 2015, we expect underwriting margins to remain relatively flat in 2015, compared to 2014, because the percent of premium profit margin should return to pre-2014 level. As we've discussed before, the higher than expected Part D cost don't just impact our underwriting margins. They also impact our net investment income. The higher cost increase the amounts paid upfront on behalf of the government, and we won't give reimbursed by CMS for their share of the cost until November of 2015. The impact of the higher part declines in 2014 on our excess investment income has been included in our guidance for both 2014 and 2015. Next, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the third quarter, we spent $97.6 million to buy 1.8 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $53.72. For the full year through today, we have spent $317.3 million of parent company cash to acquire six million shares at an average price of $52.30; apparent start of the year with liquid assets of $60 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2014. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2014 to be around $375 million. Thus, including the $60 million available from assets on hand as of the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $435 million of cash in liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As previously noted, to-date in 2014, we have used $317 million to purchase Torchmark shares leaving around $118 million of cash available for the remainder of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible; add some better alternatives, and if market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets as a parent company. For 2015, we preliminarily estimate that our free cash flow available to the parent will be in the range of $360 million to $370 million. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries; as stated on previous calls, we have maintained our insurance company capital levels at or above an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis, which has historically been sufficient to maintain our ratings. This RBC ratio is lower than some peer companies, but has been sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risks of our assets and policy liability. We currently expect to exceed our targeted RBC levels for 2014. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2014, we expect our net operating income to be within the range of $4 per share to $4.04 per share. For 2015, we expect our net operating income per share to be in the range of $4.15 to $4.55, resulting in a midpoint of $4.35, an 8% increase over the midpoint of our current 2014 guidance. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we'll first go to Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. I have a couple of questions. You discussed the Part D claims issue, but I'm wondering if you could talk about the higher life claims as well. It seems like life insurance claims are higher than they had been in a while. And then secondly on buybacks, given what S&P published a couple of months ago, had there been any change in your long-term strategy on share buybacks and how you think about capital left thats not been to the holdco level?
Gary Coleman: Okay. Jimmy, first, we'll talk about the life claims. Life claims were up primarily in direct response, although they were up slightly in the Liberty National American Income. Direct response declines were trending slightly higher than we expected at this point during the year, and I think we're expecting to be -- the policy obligation percentage to be half a point or a point higher than what we had in all of 2013. We don't think there is a significant trend there, but that's something we will monitor. Our American, our Liberty National, part of the increase there was that we have a (inaudible)in the third quarter of '13, but we expect the full year policy obligations to be at or around maybe slightly higher than what we had for 2013, but again we see this is more of a fluctuation than a trend.
 :
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay. And then, on buybacks?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Then, Jimmy, on the buybacks and the S&P issue, we do not see at this point in time any change in the long-term strategy on the buyback. We're still evaluating our various options to address the shortfall that S&P has, and -- I just want to point out that's just a change in view with respect to capitalization that we've had in place at the holding company and our insurance companies required some time. So there's really been no significant changes there, but we do think that there are other alternatives out there for us to use other than changing any philosophy on the buyback.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And then just lastly, you mentioned, like, low rates being a headwind for earnings, not for the balance sheet. But if we are in this type of environment, can you discuss what you're -- are you doing anything on the pricing side to offset part of the impact or are you just like accepting low returns as long as rates are low?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, we're not anticipating increase in pricing at this point. But I think if you remember, I think it was a year or two ago, we increased rates of both American Income and direct response. And we at that time we increased the rates more than we probably needed to. And so, I think if we stay in this whole way down where we are I think (indiscernible) back then. I think we're okay at this point.
Frank Svoboda: Once thing I'd add to that, Gary. At that point, when we put enough pricing increase, we really anticipated at the time that the rates would stay low, at least in the 2015. So at this point in time, it's not a real surprise.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Eric Bass from Citigroup.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Hi, thank you. I just want to start on the Part D business; since you said your thoughts on long-term view on the Part D market, this has been the most volatile piece of your business in recent years. It seems like it's getting harder to predict from year-to-year. So, does this change at all how you're thinking about pricing and whether you want to attract auto enrollees going forward?
Gary Coleman: Yes, exactly. We don't like volatility and most of the higher claim costs and the volatility we've had has been in the auto-assigns. We're going to have a significant reduction in auto enrollees next year. I think we're going to be very careful in our products in the (indiscernible) law.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Got it. So, if we think about the premium growth kind of beyond 2015, we should not assume a significant increase because you attract more auto enrollees in the future. Is that a reasonable way to think about it?
Gary Coleman: Yes. You won't see the big increases that we had because that has come, as we said, the auto enrollees will still stay with our individual group business, and we expect just moderate growth there.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Okay. And then maybe we can just switch quickly to free cash flow, I think your guidance for next year is implying free cash flow that's a little bit down from what it was this year. Imagine some of that may be that drag from the higher Part D claims and low investment income, but if you could just talk about any other moving pieces there?
Frank Svoboda: Eric. That's exactly right. Our preliminary estimates and I will stress that it's pretty preliminary at this point, because we have not even completed our third quarter statutory filings and statutory income projections. But our initial look for statutory earnings in 2014 would indicate that they are -- actually will come in just a little bit lower than we had in 2013. Therefore the dividends up from the insurance companies in 2015 is expected to be just a little bit less, and that's what's really driving the slight decrease in the free cash flow. And it really is primarily the drag from the Part D operations that we're seeing in 2014 on both investment income as well as underwriting. Then you'll notice in general, we from -- funding several initiatives with respect to our sales growth, and keep in mind that all those funding, those initiatives are fully expensed on a statutory basis, so those do tend to have a little drag on the earnings as well.
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Got it. Thank you. And just last very quickly, can you [found out that] (ph) what could you assume for life underwriting margins in your '15 guidance?
Gary Coleman: The midpoint to our guidance, the underwriting margins are around 20%, 28% and 29%, which is -- we're going to end 2014 probably at 28.5, and so it's -- we're not expecting it to change from the fiscal  
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll now move to Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR: Hi, great, thanks. I have a couple. One is just a follow-up on what Eric was asking there and is that -- and this goes back to Frank, a commentary on the opening part of the call, but when you say that underwriting margins in Part D are going to recover to more normal levels, I think that would be low-teens underwriting margin. I just want to clarify that, and are you assuming that auto enrollee claims also improve next year or that there just simply won't be as many, when you talk about the overall underwriting margin for Part D improving next year?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it's really is a little bit of a combination. Both the underwriting margin that we're seeing overall, we do expect to be in that 10% to 13% range. So we do see that clearly, which is about where we've been pricing and where we've estimated on normal course in the past few years. And then, you truly just have less exposure to the autos. Several of the region the autos have very low underwriting margins as we've lost those regions, then we're starting to see that the overall margins on the auto -- what is left on the auto-assign business should come up as well.
Randy Binner - FBR: Okay. You don't think that there would be a region increase I guess, that the other regions would have the same problem, as the other the reason I think that would be different experience?
Frank Svoboda: We just have. I mean we're basically going from 22 regions in 2014 to where we're going to have four regions in 2015. So we just have fewer numbers. Basically, our enrollment and it's an 87% decline of what we're anticipating as a decrease in the overall enrollment in the auto-assigns.
Randy Binner - FBR: All right, so that's helpful. It's more dramatic on the drop and the autos; got it. And then I guess I'm going to ask about the brief just because it feels like the stock is maybe off a little bit more than what happened fundamentally. It sounds like your explanation here is that it sounds quite limited with 400 applications being affected and those folks being notified. I guess the idea the two questions I have is, is there a financial exposure here that's notable, and is this the same issue has being outlined in (indiscernible) article online? Is it the same thing as that?
Larry Hutchison: Hi, this is Larry. We don't think there's any financial exposure here. I think a breach is really the wrong term to use here. It is not a third-party -- it can be information taken from someone within the organization. Actually, this information is very small. And we contacted the 400 people involved, so we don't expect any further activity around those item.
Randy Binner - FBR: Okay. And could you -- is it the same issue that's being covered in the online media on that?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, it is.
Randy Binner - FBR: All right, very good. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody. Going back to the Part D segment or operations; is there -- would you be able to quantify the earnings, headwinds, end of 2015 from the cash flow issue there?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We basically have about a $115 million that we are going to be receiving, if you will, from CMS in late 2015. So we estimate the last investment earning should be close to $6 million, the headwinds for 2015.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I guess if I take that out of the midpoint of that, of the 2015 guidance range, and I compare that to the original guidance range for 2013, I get the EPS growth of roughly 6%, 7% year-over-year. And I guess it just seems a little below maybe (indiscernible) see from Torchmark. I was curious what else was going on there  
Frank Svoboda: Yes, which also need to take into account when you're looking at that is the drag on '14 from the Part D operation. So, our underwriting income, the midpoint of our guidance at the beginning of the year, we were anticipating around $36 million. We're looking at coming in around somewhere in the range of $26 million, $25 million to $27 million in 2014. And we expect that to be relatively flat going into 2015. So that's creating from your starting point, that's creating an additional drag plus. So as we looked at it, if you do include the $6 million at the midpoint of the 2015 guidance and compare it to the midpoint of our final guidance here for 2014, you'll end up somewhere real north of 9%.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, maybe switching gears a little bit to agent count, it seems like both in Liberty National and American Income, they're a little bit ahead of the schedule. Do you anticipate that the growth will slow down a little bit in the coming quarters or to continue seeing that this healthy clip?
Gary Coleman: Yaron Kinar, we're not expecting a significant drop in the agent count. However, historically, we've seen increase in agent terminations in fourth quarter, Liberty National, the same phenomena, I think for both distribution, we issued the guidance for 2015 in terms of the agent counts, or be in a better position (indiscernible) we will be able to see what terminations occurred in the fourth quarter on both distributions, also (indiscernible) in the month of January 2015.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Hey, good morning everybody. First, just on the excess investment income 2015, what are you assuming? Are you assuming, I guess first question, that's the new money rate will continue at a 475 level?
Gary Coleman: Steven, we're assuming that we'll be investing a little over 5% at the midpoint.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay.
Gary Coleman: And they started out a little bit lower than that at the beginning (indiscernible) as the year goes on.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, (indiscernible) from your mouth. So given that, how should we think about the rate on the portfolio coming down over the year?
Gary Coleman: I think that right in the portfolio, it will come down around three to four basis points.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: For the year or per quarter?
Gary Coleman: For the year.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: For the year, okay. And then, I want to go back to Part D, so my understanding is that you price for the non-auto enrollees depending upon your pricing, then you get assigned auto enrollees. Is that correct?
Frank Svoboda: We would actually -- within a particular region we'd end up putting in a bid. That would anticipate whether or not we'd get auto enrollees for that particular region.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James:
, :
Frank Svoboda: While you're ultimately pricing overall with respect to what are you getting auto enrollees and not, you're still not, the experience overall, between the non-auto enrollees we aren't -- I guess I'll just say that the experience that we're seeing is not necessarily resulting in excessively high margins on the non-auto enrollees.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, all right. And then, the S&P issue with regards to the financing is that correct that it has to do with preferred share financing, it has to do with the internal financing of reserves?
Frank Svoboda: Well, internal financing of the overall capital, and back in 1998 we had -- at the time that we spent our Waddell & Reed, we actually had put some preferred stock into the capital structure of the insurance companies. And in exchange, absolute debt at that point in time but it's really done in connection with that that's been on Waddell & Reed back at that point in time. And they've been in place ever since.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. So this doesn't have to do with capital finance or anything like that?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. Thank you. That's (indiscernible).
Operator: And we'll now go to Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you. If I could just ask a follow-up question on the timing of the CMS reimbursement question, If we look out into 2016, does that $6 million of lost income, does that just subside or does that actually reverse?
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think it should subside, one just having better than reversing. We're expecting to receive that around a $115 million in the fourth quarter typically it ends up being in November. That can change just a little bit. And for then it will be there in these final invested assets as of the end of 2015, which will impact the 2016 earnings.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And I suppose, with mix shift of auto enrollees and rough spend (indiscernible) I guess what I was trying to get out with this question, if there is any maybe excess cash flow that comes in, in '15 in terms of reimbursements that would cause maybe 16 to be a little bit not normal in terms of investment growth there?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. What we're anticipating with respect to the 2015 plan, so we always estimate, we do attempt to estimate what the settlement with CMS is going to be every year. Right now, our estimate for 2015 is that we'll actually be growing that receivable if you will buy about another $30 million. And so over the course of 2015, which is also build into our guidance that we'll be funding about $30 million worth of claims on behalf of CMS over the course of the year, and then, in 2016, we'll be -- at the end of '15, then, we would have a net receivable from them at about $30 million that will be impacting 2016 earnings.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. And then, if I could ask just one other question on sales growth guidance, and if I look across different life channels, mid single-digits, as opposed to upper single-digits, last year in 2014, maybe just some commentaries on setting those, what's causing the decline there, if maybe '15, that's the more normalized growth number in '14, coming out of an easy comp or what lead to that maybe conservative growth guidance?
Gary Coleman: That should be on the agency, its agent growth that drives the growth in sales. I was seeing a pattern historically in each of the companies that we have stair step growth in the agency. Something 20% agency growth in American Income and you have similar growth for Liberty National this year, you wouldn't expect to have 20% growth next year; must get the sales guidance at 6% to 10% of American Income in model within that different levels of agency growth, different levels of percentage (indiscernible) that range, because  as the year moves on and if we have short agency growth, this calls for the 10% growth. If the agency grows slowly, it's going to be close to the 6%.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine from Jefferies.
Colin Devine - Jefferies: Good morning. And looking at the life, I guess the underwriting ratio or the benefit ratio, the one that stuck out for me was direct response. And you really haven't talked about that. And yet, it seemed to be the highest in the last nine to 10 years, and probably two standard deviations above the average over that period. Was something particular that happened there?
Gary Coleman: Colin, I mentioned email that we've had higher climbs in the third quarter than expected. And as a result of that, we may be more -- 47% to 47.5% is a percentage of all sale negations, whereas last year, it was 46.4%. I think it's been around that for several quarters. It's going forward. There will be a net 46% and 47% range. We still like -- so, again I think it's more a fluctuation and then we've been turning to that 46, 47 number for several quarters now.
Colin Devine - Jefferies: That's why I wanted, with the number 48 that just seemed  
Gary Coleman: What I think is seeing there a little bit is the catch-up effect of the first couple of quarters where in that 46 range, but we're seeing over the course of the year, that we're now saying it should be on that 47 a year said, you know, 47 or 47.5 to seem a little bit of a catch-up there in the third quarter.
Colin Devine - Jefferies: Okay. And then, with respect to the agent recruiting this quarter which I thought was quite strong. Can you talk a little bit more about what was behind that and obviously what you're doing to quote and place to really hold on to our agent just to go forward. Have you changed anything there?
Gary Coleman: We mentioned in the prior calls that we changed our (indiscernible) recruiting. This year versus last year, we actually had a quarter-over-quarter increase on recruiting. But also this strong growth on our middle management count this year. The middle management didn't help support the agent growth. In addition, we're seeing a slight increase recent retention which is another (indiscernible).
Colin Devine - Jefferies: I was looking at that. That's what and why I was a little surprised when you took the sales guidance down, given what this, when you've done recruiting. So something there that's just are you just being cautious?
Gary Coleman: Being conscience based on the history of each of the agency forces. When I think about agency, it doesn't grow on a one-year fashion. It really, there's step growth. And you have certain agents, you would expect to see some increase in terminations in the following several quarters. (Indiscernible) see what's driving that agent force and life changes, continuing that level of growth. You would like to think we're going to have back to back 10% or 15% increases in agent channel. I think that's not realistic on a historical basis, it just stretch a little over agent growth in 2015 and in 2014.
Colin Devine - Jefferies: Thank you. Then the final one, you haven't talked in many quarters about what's been going on in sort of first command and such. Can you give us any update on that, it's just so a meaningful part of the overall premiums?
Gary Coleman: We're seeing some positive results. First command, we seen is increase in the sales at first command. I think the important part of our business is not core. We really focus our growth in direct response, American Income and Liberty National with respect to the life operations.
Colin Devine - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Good morning, everybody.
Gary Coleman: Good morning, Mr. Nadel.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Yes. It will happen. The question I really want to talk about was just -- I really want to understand some of the thoughts and maybe some of the risks that you might be seeing around the lower end of 2015 guidance. I mean if I -- first of all, I guess, it's a wider range of guidance and I think we've historically seeing from you guys but the lower end of the guidance implies I believe 3% year-over-year EPS growth from your midpoint of '14. And if I assume your buybacks at or around the current pace, that actually suggests to me that at the lower end of your EPS range, it might actually contemplate actual earnings being down on a year-over-year basis. I guess, I'm just trying to understand where is the cost in there?
Gary Coleman: (Indiscernible).
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Yes. Let's say, as we look at the ranges, I think it's taking in to account very early in the process and we haven't finalized the statutory income. So that clearly one piece is statutory earnings would have a come in a little bit differently. And we have less cash flow, free cash flow available for the buybacks. And then of course volatility in the marketplace and so we do tend to as we're looking at our ranges at this beginning. At this point in time, we're kind of trying to take a look at, where some of the -- it's all lot of really bad things happen or if a lot of really good things happen, those kind of set the outside boundary. We don't spend an awful lot of time now, we're more focused on clearly around that the midpoint of that, that we're recognizing that there is some extreme events that could impact on either side. And if we have that unfortunate confluence of example, we've really bad client experience on the life side, and we don't get that off set with some positive on the health side. We are really bad on the health as well. Part D ends up being -- it's a low end of their margin. And if rates stay really low and those type of things, so we're just kind of trying to -- that's I think, there is no specific changes if you will that we're anticipating that would kid of pop into there?
Frank Svoboda: Okay. So if I could -- and I don't want to necessarily put words in your mouth, but if I were going to paraphrase, I'd say the lower end of the guidance is essentially just to -- the opportunity that if a bunch of things just go against you, in 2015, weaker underwriting margins generally and maybe slightly lower buyback, there you go.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: That's right. Okay. It seems and I guess that makes sense, because if I look at the top line trends, particularly here, in the first nine months of 2014. Top line growth has accelerated a little bit, your sales growth has been certainly very strong, stronger I think than even you guys had expected it might be, and that is a backdrop, recognizing long-term investment rates are challenging, but with top line growth starting to pick up a bit, it seems difficult to assume that earnings, not EPS, but earnings could be down on year-over-year basis. Unless I guess you get some underwriting issues like claims, so that's the way you're thinking about it?
Frank Svoboda: Yes. It has to take some unusual events.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Gary Coleman: I'll jump -- first of all, it's really earlier to be projecting 2015, we'll tie to that when we get to the fourth quarter call, but I think we build -- the midpoint is really where we're thinking we're going to be. At that midpoint, the 4.35, if we weren't losing the $6 million investment income because of this Part D thing, that has another $0.03, that gives us $4.38. That will be over 9% increase. We feel like it's going to be more around that midpoint and neither the higher or lower.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Got it, okay. That's a very helpful color. That's really important, thank you.
Operator: And we'll now move to Mark Hughes from SunTrust. And we'll actually go to Ryan Krueger from KBW.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Hi, good morning. I just have a couple more questions on '15 guidance; can you just give us what your administrative expense great expectation is next year? And then also I don't think you've said this yet, what percentage growth you expect in excess investment income in '15?
Gary Coleman: Okay. The administrative expenses, we're thinking to grow 3% to 5% next year. And investment income, we think the growth rate there will be at the midpoint. I think we have assumed 2.5% -- that's lower than what we have in 2014. But like I mentioned to John a while ago, with the add back we're losing on Part D, the increase in investment income would be over 3%, and that's what we'd expect.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Got it. And then, your admin expense growth have been in I think growing in the 1% to 2% range probably for a little while, why are you expecting that to increase more going forward?
Frank Svoboda: Ryan, in 2014, it grew about 1%, and that's largely because of our pension expense. It was very high in 2013 and it dropped in 2014 with the change in the discount rate. Without a change in the discount rate, it would have grown more than that in that 3% range, without the decrease of a pension expense in 2014. So looking forward 2014, 2015, you don't have that offsetting impact on it and it will be growing just in a more normal 3%, 4%, 5% level.
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Got it, thanks. And then last one, just on the S&P issue, is there any real reason for you to react to this because I think S&P's rating is already one above the other rating agencies. So I guess the question is would you just tick to downgrade or do you actually feel you need to react?
Frank Svoboda: Well, it's clearly one of the factors that we're already evaluating as we look at our options. And we do recognize that the S&P rating does not have a particular substantial impact or really any impact on our marketing efforts, and we do recognize that many of our peer companies and most of our peer companies do have their S&P rating, the lower. So it's something that we're taking to consideration and thinking about as we look at those options.
Gary Coleman: Ryan, I'd say we'd like to maintain the ratings, but time maybe a good part. From a marketing standpoint, the S&P or Moody's ratings aren't that important. In our business, the rating is important (indiscernible) we have A plus, that's far more important (indiscernible).
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll now move to Eric Berg from RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg - RBC: Thanks very much. So I've had a chance to look at the exhibits that you filed on your Web site, entitled Medicare Part D margins, S&P contemplate a much smaller business, but a more profitable business next year than this year. Can you review with us -- you touched on it, but could you go directly to the question, how does the government sign into these auto enrollees and how can you be as confident as you're right now that the auto enrollees will be down so sharply next year from current levels?
Frank Svoboda: There is a -- when you submit a bid into a particular region, for particular plans, your filed plan, and we know already for 2015 whether or not the bid that we put in is -- how that compares to a benchmark premium, so essentially CMS takes all of the bids from all the different insurance companies that are covering low income subsidy individuals and comes up with what they call "a benchmark premiums." If your submitted premium is less than that benchmark premium, then you're automatically given auto-assigns. So when everybody -- all the insurance companies that have qualifying bids are then on a proportional basis assigned the auto-assigns and the enrolling individuals. If your bid is above that benchmark premium by more than $2, then you're out, and you're not going to be pulled back in. So, for the bids that we submitted for 2015, we've already been notified their bid was too high as compared to the benchmark premium. And again, you don't know what that benchmark premium is going to be at the time you submit your bids, but at this time in time we know that we're out in albeit four regions versus the 22 that we're in, in 2014.
Eric Berg - RBC: So, in short; just to go through this in a little bit more detail, you know you have far fewer auto enrollees next year than this year. You know the auto enrollees had been the preponderance of the higher than expected Hepatitis-related claims.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. That provides 85% of the Hepatitis C claims.
Eric Berg - RBC: And so, with fewer, in short with 4Q or higher claimants on the roll next year than this year, do you expect a smaller business, but a more profitable business in percentage terms, product margin percentage terms, is that a match up?
Frank Svoboda: Correct, and with less volatility, because of our fewer auto-assigns.
Eric Berg - RBC: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll now go to Mike (indiscernible).
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Mike (indiscernible). Liberty National life sales accelerated again this quarter to now very strong levels, shall we expect total premium growth to move into positive territory sooner? I guess I'd have expected it to be closer breakeven by now, so maybe I'm missing necessarily higher laps component or something.
Gary Coleman: I think if you think there is problem in sales growth going forward, we expect to be in a positive premium loan some time in 2017.
Larry Hutchison: Mike, the one reason that's taken a while to (indiscernible) block, and there is nothing unusual about the laps really, it's just a big block and we've had ups and downs and multi downs in sales in the past few years. Now, we've had sales growth, it's just going to take a couple of years that sales growth to get where we can at least breakeven on the premium.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, that's helpful. Lastly, we could take offline if I'm missing something, but I think Larry during the prepared comments out to big jump in direct response of health sales. Could you give us some more color on what took place and why you expect the sales that follow-up next year. Maybe that's the whole auto enrollment things that you're talking about. Thank you.
Larry Hutchison: The direct response in the health job is the Medicare Supplement that we offer to the direct mail authors. It's an existing channel of distribution. We include those Medicare settlement sales in the direct response category. And we had a very large group who was added in the third quarter. And next year, we're not expecting another large group, and that's why the sales guidance for next year is in much smaller percentage than this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And so, the (indiscernible) is that helping out there or is there any correlation there?
Larry Hutchison: I'd tell you, the overall results are better than what anticipated in the current season. (Indiscernible) through brand awareness and that's resulted in the growth in inquiries, and most were immediate channels. We are also seeing growth there in net sales, and the product marketing territories compared to the rest of the country. So we're very pleased with the results after the first year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thank you.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions. I'll turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right, thank you for joining us this morning; those were our comments. And we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP of IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
 :
Analysts: Eric Bass - Citigroup Randy Binner - FBR Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Bob Glasspiegel - Jenny Capital Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan  Colin Devine - Jefferies John Myers - SunTrust John Nadel - Sterne, Agee 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2013 10-K and any subsequent Form 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, good morning everyone. Please note that the share and per share information in our comments this morning has been adjusted to reflect the three-for-two stock split that was effective on July 1st. Net operating income for the second quarter was $136 million or $1.02 per share, a per share increase of 7% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $131 million or $0.98 per share, a 2% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of June 30 was 15.4% and our book value per share was $27.02, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share increased 24% to $33.93. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $492 million and life underwriting margins increased 4% to $141 million. Life sales increased 11% to $102 million. For the full year we expect the dollar amount of our life underwriting margins to increase around 3% to 4%. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, declined 1% to $215 million and health underwriting margin also declined 1% to $50 million. Health filed increased 21% to $29 million and the full year we expect the dollar amount of our health margins to be about end of last year. Administrative expenses were $45 million for the quarter 3% more than a year ago. For the full year, we anticipate that administrative expenses will be around 1% and be approximately 5.7% of premiums.  I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I would first like to discuss American income. An American income life premium was about 7% $190 million and life underwriting margin was up 6% to $60 million. Net life sales were $45 million up 9% to primarily to increase agent counts and the higher percentage of agent submitting business, that producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 5,890 up 6% from the year ago. The average agent count for the second quarter was 5,744 up 8% from the first quarter. We expect 8% to 11% life sales growth for the full year 2014 now direct response and have direct response operation on the life premium 5% to $177 million and life underwriting margin increased to 2% to $44 million. Net life sales were up 12% to $44 million. We expect 8% to 10% life sales growth for the full year 2014. Liberty National, at Liberty National life premiums declined 2% to $68 million and life underwriting margin increased 6% to $18 million. Net life sales grew 7% to $9 million and net health sales increased 22% to $4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,500 up 17% from the year ago. The average agent count for the second quarter was 1,492 up 7% from the first quarter. For the full year 2014, sales growth is expected to be 4% to 6% for life and 12% to 14% for health. Now, Family Heritage. Health premiums increased 7% to $51 million; our health underwriting margin increased 13% to $10 million. Health net sales were up 15% to $13 million, the producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 771 up 4% over a year ago. The average agent count for the quarter was 758 up 15% from the first quarter. We expect sales growth for the full year 2014 to be in the range from 3% to 8%. Now, the United American General Agency, health premiums declined over 1% to $76 million, net health sales improved 34% to $9 million, of the Group Medicare supplement business is somewhat hard to predict. We expect general agency net sales growth for the full year 2014 to be in a range of approximately 25% to 35%. Medicare Part D, premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 16% to $85 million and the underwriting margin increased to 6% to $9 million. The growth in underlying margin lagged behind premium growth due to the higher claims related to newly approved hepatitis C drugs. As a result we now expect Part D margin for the year to be in range of 8% to 11% rather than the 10% to 13% that was expected earlier in the year. R&D sales for quarter were $20 million up from $8 million a year ago. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman:  Thanks Larry. I am going to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $57 million, an increase of $2.4 million or 4% over the second quarter of 2013. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment in income increased 10%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to increase by about 3% to 5%. On a per share basis, the increase should be about 8% to 10% compared to 2013. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $13.2 billion including $12.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.1 billion are investment grade with an average grade of A minus. And below investment grade bonds were $563 million compared to $585 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4% down from 4.8% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.5 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 16%. Overall the total portfolio is rated A minus same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.4 billion compared to $1 billion at the end of the first quarter. The increase in unrealized gains is due primarily to the recent decline in market interest rates. As to investment yields, in the second quarter we invested $167 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.7% and average rating of BBB at an average life of 21 years. While the BBB average rating is lower than the A-, BBB+ average recent years, the weighted average was just below BBB+. We havent changed our philosophy regarding credit quality the investment grade bonds we purchased in the quarter we had our long standing credit criteria. The new money raise for the first quarter and second quarter for 5.4% and 4.7% respectively, the mid-point of our guidance assumes a new money rate of 5% for the remainder of 2014. For the entire portfolio the second quarter yields was 5.92% same as the first quarter of 2014 but down 3 basis points from the 5.95% yield in the second quarter of 2013. For the full year, we expect the portfolio to yield approximately 5.90%. And I would add, while we were benefited from higher new money rates, were confident that we can have sustained growth in investment income in the current rate environment. Now well turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda:  Thanks Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the second quarter, we spent $82.2 million to buy 1.5 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $52.86. For the full year through today, we had spent $210.1 million of parent company cash to acquire 4 million shares at an average price of $51.95. The parent started the year with liquid assets of $60 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2014. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from subsidiaries plus the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2014 to be around $380 million. Thus including the $60 million available from assets on hand as of the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $440 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As previously noted to date in 2014, we have used $210 million to purchase Torchmark shares leaving around $230 million of cash available for the remainder of the year. As noted before we will use our cash as efficiently as possible as for the better alternatives and if market conditions are favorable, we expect the share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those spend. We also expect to retain a pricing $50 to $60 of liquid assets as the parent company. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiary. As stated in our previous call we have maintained our insurance company capital level at or above an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis which has historically been sufficient to maintain our ratings. This RBC ratio is lower than some peer companies, but has been sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risk of our assets and policy liability. At December 31, 2013, our consolidated RBC was 341% we deny currently anticipate any significant changes to a target RBC levels in 2014. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2014, we expect our net operating income will be within range of $4.05 per share to $4.15 per share to mid of $4.10 is $.30 lower than projected earlier in the year due primarily to the impact of higher Part D claims on underwriting and investment income. Those are our comments. Well now open the call up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And well take the first question from Erik Bass with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass :  Hi. Thank you. Just had a couple of questions on Part D. First, is it correct to assume that you're reflecting the higher drug costs related to the hepatitis C treatment in your pricing submissions for 2015? So therefore, should we think of this issue being only a meaningful drag on margins in 2014 and that your target margins would revert to the level you had guided to earlier in the year for 2015? 
 Citigroup:  Hi. Thank you. Just had a couple of questions on Part D. First, is it correct to assume that you're reflecting the higher drug costs related to the hepatitis C treatment in your pricing submissions for 2015? So therefore, should we think of this issue being only a meaningful drag on margins in 2014 and that your target margins would revert to the level you had guided to earlier in the year for 2015? 
Gary Coleman:  Yes, Eric for hepatitis C drug was included in our 2015 pricing
Erik Bass : Okay. So would you -- you had guided to 10% to 13% margins for part D earlier in the year. So is that a reasonable range to think about for 2015 at this point?
 Citigroup: Okay. So would you -- you had guided to 10% to 13% margins for part D earlier in the year. So is that a reasonable range to think about for 2015 at this point?
Gary Coleman:  Erik I would say you look back historically, weve been in around 10% to 11% I think for sure is 10% to 11% it could be 10% to 13%, we still dont know although we submitted our bids we still dont know how they relate to others as how many lower income we will get. So I think youre safe around 10% to 11%.
Larry Hutchison:  Right, well receive those results in August and I want to give guidance on three quarter call.
Erik Bass : Okay, thank you, and then one last thing to clarify. You mentioned the cash-flow timing issues being -- pressing investment income a little bit, because you have to pay the claims before you get reimbursed by the government. Does that have any impact on your expected cash flow to the holding Company?
 Citigroup: Okay, thank you, and then one last thing to clarify. You mentioned the cash-flow timing issues being -- pressing investment income a little bit, because you have to pay the claims before you get reimbursed by the government. Does that have any impact on your expected cash flow to the holding Company?
Frank Svoboda: Eric this is Frank Svoboda. That will have a little bit of impact on the timing of the cash flow to the wholly commitment to the fact that again reduce some of our investment income. When you look at -- we anticipate for the full year 2014 that will probably incur somewhere in the range $45 to $60 million worth of additional claims, now the majority of that and maybe around 85% of that will be reimbursement CMS as you noted we dont give reimburse from that until sometime in 2015 so well have that drag, well see the drag on investment income here in 2014 of course that last our investment income on 2014 now there is like capital for statutory earning.
Erik Bass : Got it, but in terms of the cash flow to the holding Company, your guidance for the year of the $380 million or so, that's unaffected.
 Citigroup: Got it, but in terms of the cash flow to the holding Company, your guidance for the year of the $380 million or so, that's unaffected.
Frank Svoboda:  Correct.
Erik Bass : Okay. Thank you very much.
 Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gary Coleman:  Erik I would add its not the $50 million to $60 million, its going to impact the cash flow to the holding company, its investment income on that $56 million to [Indiscernible] or whatever of investment income impact while we can do next year. So wont have an impact on 2014 free cash flow or beyond 2015 free cash flow.
Operator:  And well take the next question from Randy Binner with FBR. Please go ahead.
Randy Binner : Thank you. I have a question about sales seasonality for life insurance and first of all I think that weve seen a pattern for at least the last few years were the second quarter has better sales across the board for Life, but American Income might be a little bit better in the second quarter. So the first part of my question is to confirm that that is something we should rely upon in the future and what is the cause of the better sales in the second versus the third quarter, generally speaking? 
 FBR: Thank you. I have a question about sales seasonality for life insurance and first of all I think that weve seen a pattern for at least the last few years were the second quarter has better sales across the board for Life, but American Income might be a little bit better in the second quarter. So the first part of my question is to confirm that that is something we should rely upon in the future and what is the cause of the better sales in the second versus the third quarter, generally speaking? 
Gary Coleman:  Randy I think is truly generally for the year, better agent activity, which is a higher percentage of submitting agents in the second quarter and the third quarter. If you look at American Income, we believe the increase of sales as a result of better recruiting and improved agent retention and the increase in agent activity.
Larry Hutchison: I would assume great response traditionally in second quarter has been a little bit higher than the first quarter.
Randy Binner : Can you remind us as of why -- what is it about the second quarter that is better?
 FBR: Can you remind us as of why -- what is it about the second quarter that is better?
Gary Coleman: One thing the second quarter your circulation is higher -- first quarter your circulation typically is little bit lower to the fourth quarter; there is some seasonality to that. So that would result in with the lag in sales of circulation, youd see a mid-year increase in sales versus the beginning of the first quarter in direct response.
Randy Binner : So its mail issues in Direct, and then for AIA, it's just people are more receptive to buying in the second versus the latter part of the year of the first quarter?
 FBR: So its mail issues in Direct, and then for AIA, it's just people are more receptive to buying in the second versus the latter part of the year of the first quarter?
Gary Coleman: The people are more receptive, I think its only expanding the agencies. Were active on recruiting, and with those new recruits you have a higher activity level, you have more submitting agents into the middle of the first quarter to the second quarter and the third quarter. Usually the agent recruiting is strong in the fourth quarter.
Larry Hutchison: I think in part both sides of the industry is showing a great response. There is lots of activity around the Christmas and New Years holiday. And the activity first picking up in the first quarter is higher is going to the later part of the year.
Randy Binner : Okay. And that's helpful. And then just focusing on AIA, I think that explains why productivity peaks in the second quarter. So as far as AIA goes, this is a good sales result. There's not a lower comp, but it seems like it's turned the corner a little bit. So would be interested in your commentary. You mentioned you have a lot of recruiting efforts. I think you have technology efforts through CRM and laptop presentations and that kind of stuff. I'd be interested in what's working and what the follow through you think is on the momentum you've been able to build here at AIA.
 FBR: Okay. And that's helpful. And then just focusing on AIA, I think that explains why productivity peaks in the second quarter. So as far as AIA goes, this is a good sales result. There's not a lower comp, but it seems like it's turned the corner a little bit. So would be interested in your commentary. You mentioned you have a lot of recruiting efforts. I think you have technology efforts through CRM and laptop presentations and that kind of stuff. I'd be interested in what's working and what the follow through you think is on the momentum you've been able to build here at AIA.
Gary Coleman: I think the agency force of American Income has responded well to the changes we made in both our compensation and recruiting system. We dont expect to see momentum drop significantly. I dont think the agent count will increase this quickly as we did in the second quarter. But I think we continue to see increases in agent count to the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year.
Larry Hutchison: Weve seen improvement in recruiting but also weve seen net increase in activity level. I know the words percentage of agents that we have that are submitting business. One thing weve talked about in the past is were working on retention and weve seen some impact types of retention, although we need to do more there. But I think for the second quarter is not increase in agent count but it also improved activity levels of the agents.
Gary Coleman: I think the other two factors the American Income; we really havent seen a change in agent productivity. Thats a project sign; we keep in mind how many new agents were there at American Income. We have good result; that were seeing at American Income is the increase in that middle management count. The middle management counts grown about 10% since January 1st and middle management is really who trains the new agents in the field? So its a very positive development at American Income.
Randy Binner : Sales managers you said were up 10% in the first half on the quarter?
 FBR: Sales managers you said were up 10% in the first half on the quarter?
Gary Coleman: The first half of 2014 our middle management count at American Income was increased.
Operator: And well take the next question from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  Hi. Good morning. The 8% to 11% outlook for Life net sales growth this year is a very strong result. If we look out a bit longer term, do you think high single-digit; low double-digit sales growth is sustainable? And what would be the biggest driver that? Is that mostly just growing the agent count?
Gary Coleman: The biggest driver is driving the agent count and its also having a correct train system to keep your activity levels at levels that they are in the second quarter and we expect to be in the third quarter. Now for 2015 such guidance well give on the next call, its a little early to give 2015 guidance. I would say generally with Direct Response that feature the agencies, results we saw in the second quarter are certainly sustainable through the end of the year.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay. Great. And then secondly, the guidance you gave for the life underwriting margin to grow 3% to 4% this year, that's slightly down from the 3% to 5% you said before, and I think you were at about 5% year to date. So what's driving that slight decline?
Gary Coleman: Sarah we have a little bit higher declines than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. But were still probably down I think for our margin, under-writing margin for this year is around 28.7, were expecting it to be 28%, 29% for the year. But its not a big change.
Operator: And well take the next question from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning, everybody. I look at the extra investment income guidance, and I think that's dropped slightly from the last guidance. And want to make sure; is that just by virtue of the new money rate having dropped a little bit? Or is there also a lower expectation of assets -- asset growth? 
Gary Coleman: The effective new money rate is more minor factor, at the midpoint of our guidance our excess investment income is about $1 million less than it was previously, less than $1 million of that is from having ordinary money rate but over 1.3 million that is the impact of the cash flow as in Part D we talked about earlier, it is the remainder if the other cash flow timing of those cash flow, but its more something we might right add as the impact of the Part D that cause us to change the guidance.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  That makes sense. And then I'm sorry if I missed that, but did you -- when you talked about the new guidance for excess investment income, did you say what the new money rate target or guidance was for the full year?
Gary Coleman:  For the remainder of the year the guidance, the midpoint of guidance we use 5.0%.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And that seems to have dropped a bit more radically than at least what I seem to be seeing in the 30-year treasury rates, at least over the last quarter. Has anything else happened there?
Gary Coleman :  No, Im not sure but weve seen out in the market the year is all lower, the treasury rates have dropped and the credit spreads have offset rates, I think we dropped the 2.4% yield in the second quarter and we do think its going to get better in remainder of the year we started almost. So we think we can do at least 5% there we have the midpoint.
Operator:  And the next question comes from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chris Giovanni : Thanks so much. Good morning. A few follow-up questions on part D. My understanding is 47 states' Medicaid agencies are covering the hepatitis C drug, and wondering how much of your business comes from those 3 states that aren't covering it? And how should we think about future or potential risks to the margin, either up or downside?
 Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. Good morning. A few follow-up questions on part D. My understanding is 47 states' Medicaid agencies are covering the hepatitis C drug, and wondering how much of your business comes from those 3 states that aren't covering it? And how should we think about future or potential risks to the margin, either up or downside?
Frank Svoboda:  Chris this is Frank. I dont have in front of me the actual number of states that we have where the state Medicaid is covering that I know that weve lost weve had some disenrollees with respect to both California and Illinois. So to the extent that there are some of family members that are having hepatitis C there that may help us to some degree. But I dont really have that information with me.
Chris Giovanni :  Okay. And then, the repricing or pricing that youre doing for the 2015 enrollment, you note that reflects the high cost of that hepatitis C drug. Just wondering if in that pricing youre fully reflecting the current Gilead product, or are you assuming that the cost could go even higher if theyre successful in kind of getting the approval, kind of the companion hep C drug? 
 Goldman Sachs:  Okay. And then, the repricing or pricing that youre doing for the 2015 enrollment, you note that reflects the high cost of that hepatitis C drug. Just wondering if in that pricing youre fully reflecting the current Gilead product, or are you assuming that the cost could go even higher if theyre successful in kind of getting the approval, kind of the companion hep C drug? 
Gary Coleman:  Yes, when were reflecting the best information we had today and what that pricing would be on our best estimate on utilization using our experience then competition the course of our consultant and what that pricing would be, and that pricing would include to the extent that there is a new drug that was come up and replace Sovaldi or -- the pricing will take into account that replacement type of a drug.
Chris Giovanni :  Okay. And within your pricing for 14, any sense of if or what was embedded within that, if anything?
 Goldman Sachs:  Okay. And within your pricing for 14, any sense of if or what was embedded within that, if anything?
Gary Coleman:  Yes, for 14 pricing we really did not include anything specifically for either one of these two new drugs. We always include some type of an allowance and claim strength margin if you will from new drugs it will be they are in the pipeline or that will come up but the allowance that was built in here for 2014 was nothing would have accommodated the high price thats associated with these new drugs.
Operator:  And well take the next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steven Schwartz : Yes. Hey. Good morning, everybody. To follow-up on the hep C drugs and make sure I got the right numbers here, were you -- I think it was Gary. Gary, were you suggesting that the amount of total spend on these drugs would be $60 million for the year? And of course on a GAAP basis, you would recognize the reinsurance from the government, so it would be $45 million coming back, so the net FX would be $15 million, but the cash outflow would actually be $65 million, $60 million, $65 million?
 Raymond James: Yes. Hey. Good morning, everybody. To follow-up on the hep C drugs and make sure I got the right numbers here, were you -- I think it was Gary. Gary, were you suggesting that the amount of total spend on these drugs would be $60 million for the year? And of course on a GAAP basis, you would recognize the reinsurance from the government, so it would be $45 million coming back, so the net FX would be $15 million, but the cash outflow would actually be $65 million, $60 million, $65 million?
Gary Coleman : Frank why dont you comment on this.
Frank Svoboda:  The total outlay that were estimating at this point in time is around $45 million to $60 million. And were anticipating its going to be getting back from TMS, their share of those total claims to be somewhere in that $43 million to $50 million range. So were anticipating that our impact on underwriting income for the full year will be somewhere in the range of $7 million to $10 million.
Steven Schwartz : Okay. Frank, how much has already been spent in the total outlay for this?
 Raymond James: Okay. Frank, how much has already been spent in the total outlay for this?
Frank Svoboda: Through June 30th, the total outlay is about $24.5 million of which our share was about $4 million.
Steven Schwartz :  Right, but it's the $24.5 million that affects next year's cash flow. You get the money back at the end of next year.
 Raymond James:  Right, but it's the $24.5 million that affects next year's cash flow. You get the money back at the end of next year.
Frank Svoboda: No next November. Well get the $20.5 million back, we wont get the $4 million back but well get the 20.5.
Steven Schwartz : Okay. All right. And then if I may, on recruiting in general, and then on Liberty National Life, recruiting in general, obviously first year up. Any sense that the economy is helping with that?
 Raymond James: Okay. All right. And then if I may, on recruiting in general, and then on Liberty National Life, recruiting in general, obviously first year up. Any sense that the economy is helping with that?
Frank Svoboda: I think the real change is our internal recruiting incentives and the implementation of our improved training systems at both Liberty and American Income.
Steven Schwartz : Okay. And then, Larry, can you touch on -- it's interesting the agent count has been growing. The new recruits have been growing at Liberty National, but the renewals have not, and actually have continued to come down. What's the reason for that, and how do you fix that?
 Raymond James: Okay. And then, Larry, can you touch on -- it's interesting the agent count has been growing. The new recruits have been growing at Liberty National, but the renewals have not, and actually have continued to come down. What's the reason for that, and how do you fix that?
Gary Coleman: You want to fix it?
Larry Hutchison:  I dont think its fixed so much its intentional that will change your compensation systems. Realize were going to lose some veteran agents as to move from away from service ally, but we think it will stabilize and they are just greater just on new recruits. So over time all the changes we have implemented that Liberty National last few years, things are settling down the culture is been accepted. And I think well see the same percentage of better agents that we keep on Liberty, we see at American Income.
Steven Schwartz : So this decline is still left over from the competition changes?
 Raymond James: So this decline is still left over from the competition changes?
Larry Hutchison: Yes.
Operator: And well take the next question from Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital. Please go ahead.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital:  Good morning. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but on Family Heritage, did you give any guidance for agent recruiting -- or agent counts for the full year? I don't think I heard them, and if you did say them, I missed them.
Gary Coleman:  No one has asked that question for any of the agencies. Looking at 2014 we expect the agent count of Family Heritage be between 775 agents and 800 agents. At American Income at the end of 2014 we expect the agent count to be between 6,000 agents and 6,100 agents. And Liberty National that increase between 1,550 agents to 1,600 agents.
Operator: And well pick the next question from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks very much. To a certain extent my question has been asked, but I'm hoping you can build on the answer to Steven Schwartz's question regarding Liberty. Where are you in the process of restructuring that Company to make it more like American Income? And do feel that you're getting the intended result? Are you are pleased with this effort to remake that Company?
Gary Coleman: I think the restructuring is completed at American Income and Liberty National. Over time we will change compensation and recruiting systems to expect the same and make the necessary changes as those agent counts grow. Were seeing some new offices that are productive at Liberty National. We opened two new offices in second quarter. Were planning to continue offices to the end of the year. If we look at the offices we opened last year were pleased theyre producing the expected levels that we hope to see. So I think at Liberty youll see continued slow and steady growth but it takes time to develop that middle management that you can promote into the agency ownership position at Liberty National, Eric.
Frank Svoboda: Eric also looking at -- we knew going into this process will take time and were starting to see positive, even more positive impact from before and were pleased with the progress there.
Operator: And well take the next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Jenny Capital. Please go ahead.
Bob Glasspiegel - Jenny Capital:  Good morning, everyone. Eric was on the same wavelength as I am. It seems like you've bumped up your sales outlook from low- to mid-singles across the board to approaching double-digit in all three segments. And I think this is after a few years of sales coming in disappointing. And clearly there's been a positive surprise to the sales momentum across the board and the pivots around agent count at both Liberty and American Income. So I'm a little surprised you don't have a little more bounce to your steps, Gary and Larry, in your pitch. You read it with the same level of intensity as you normally do. Am I right that you're pumped up about what's going on? And a little color on why direct is doing a little bit better than you thought going into the year?
Gary Coleman:  I mean it is excited you use your term, we are pumped up and we are very pleased looking better recruiting, pushing better income intention while there are still factors as reducing more agent activity have made us and we are better finishers in place and expand your sales you have to have that higher level of agent activity. I think the sales growth that at direct response could explain by it will increase from electronic that in place about 20% for the full year. Were seeing strong increases in our electronic media both the Internet and inbound phone calls are up quarter-to-quarter and were pleased with result set direct response.
Operator:  And well go next to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar :  Hi. On investment income, you mentioned you are expecting excess investment income to increase 3% to 5% I think it is in 2014. What's your expectation or your view on how much you can grow investment income next year if we actually stay at this type of environment, in terms of rates and your new money yield does not move up as you are expecting it to? And then how much do you think the portfolio yield will dropped next year if we are in this type of rate environment? So not necessarily looking for guidance, but just can you grow investment income at mid- to single-digit rate, if you actually see these types of rates? Or would investment income growth slow down dramatically next year?
 JPMorgan :  Hi. On investment income, you mentioned you are expecting excess investment income to increase 3% to 5% I think it is in 2014. What's your expectation or your view on how much you can grow investment income next year if we actually stay at this type of environment, in terms of rates and your new money yield does not move up as you are expecting it to? And then how much do you think the portfolio yield will dropped next year if we are in this type of rate environment? So not necessarily looking for guidance, but just can you grow investment income at mid- to single-digit rate, if you actually see these types of rates? Or would investment income growth slow down dramatically next year?
Gary Coleman:  Jimmy the current rate environment we feel like we can grow investment income next year to 3% to 4% range, it is more as a portfolio yield as you know with the cost we have as couple of years security results and dramatic deep climb in the portfolio yield. Now what were looking at over the next five years that the portfolio yield assuming current new money rates as money rate 5% we talked about earlier that the portfolio yield was stabilize, it may drop 2 to 3 basis points in a year. And because the portfolio yields will be fairly stable, and well be seeing a growth in investment income thats in line with the growth in interest that we can grow investment income for next year in the four the range and take those investment activity because our interest expense is going be flat in those years, we think kind of maybe 3.5 at the midpoint for next period were thinking it will be about 4% going forward.
Jimmy Bhullar : And then on the share buybacks, obviously over the past year and a half, the stock has done really well and the buybacks have become less accretive over time. Have you thought about the balance between buybacks and dividends? Have you looked at deploying capital at all, like shifting that balance in one direction or another?
 JPMorgan: And then on the share buybacks, obviously over the past year and a half, the stock has done really well and the buybacks have become less accretive over time. Have you thought about the balance between buybacks and dividends? Have you looked at deploying capital at all, like shifting that balance in one direction or another?
Gary Coleman:  Yes, we have and that something that we discuss over quarter with our board and in the last three years weve increased our dividend rates, but to increase in further we still think buying back stock, we still think is good buy at this point. If things remain as they are, by now I think you will see as continue to increase our dividend rate but still the bulk of nine will be going to share repurchase program.
Operator:  And well take the next question from Colin Devine with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Colin Devine : Good morning, gentlemen. I'm just wondering, I have a couple of follow-up questions, if we could focus on the Life side. First, with respect to direct and sales, just to follow-up on your other comments, do you think the pace we've seen for the first half here is going to be sustainable over the second? Second question, if we take a look at the enforced role-forwards, were there some reserve adjustments made at either American Income or direct response? I'm looking at the levels for the death and others seem to move around a little bit, more than I would have expected. And then finally, could you provide a bit of color on how you've been able to achieve what's been really quite a steady reduction in your first-year lapse rates, improving those at both American Income and Liberty. When I look back to where they were a couple years ago, obviously it's been dramatic. Has that gone about as far as it's going to go, and how much is that impacting your profitability?
 Jefferies: Good morning, gentlemen. I'm just wondering, I have a couple of follow-up questions, if we could focus on the Life side. First, with respect to direct and sales, just to follow-up on your other comments, do you think the pace we've seen for the first half here is going to be sustainable over the second? Second question, if we take a look at the enforced role-forwards, were there some reserve adjustments made at either American Income or direct response? I'm looking at the levels for the death and others seem to move around a little bit, more than I would have expected. And then finally, could you provide a bit of color on how you've been able to achieve what's been really quite a steady reduction in your first-year lapse rates, improving those at both American Income and Liberty. When I look back to where they were a couple years ago, obviously it's been dramatic. Has that gone about as far as it's going to go, and how much is that impacting your profitability?
Gary Coleman:  We think we are going to have mid to high level sales growth in direct response in the third and fourth quarters as you recall, our standard [indiscernible] insurance products were rolled out fully in three quarter 2013 Colin, those accounted for a good portion or sales growth in the first and second quarter, we dont think well see the same increases on quarter-over-quarter things as going forward probably we will have steady sales growth.
Frank Svoboda:  Colin, the improvement in the last (ph) rates I think we began in 2010 but really geared up in 2011. To give you example the impact of this year we expect to conserve about $40 million of last premium. And other words about 16, little over 16% of the last we will reinstate. The impact to that is that impact of those policies closed, what weve done in past years. We increased our premium income about little over $40 million; it will add $6 million to our underwriting income. That deposit program, like I said well say about 16% premium we think that percentage can go higher as we continue to find new ways to conserve the policies that but really have to attribute the improvements to conservation program.
Colin Devine : Now, in terms of, if I think of American Income or Liberty National, looking at the current levels, the bulk continued to improve this year. Are we getting towards where 8% is going to be the run rate for American Income, and maybe a little over 7% for Liberty National? Or have you still got room to go?
 Jefferies: Now, in terms of, if I think of American Income or Liberty National, looking at the current levels, the bulk continued to improve this year. Are we getting towards where 8% is going to be the run rate for American Income, and maybe a little over 7% for Liberty National? Or have you still got room to go?
Gary Coleman:  Thats a good question; were getting to the point where we may not see much encouragement. Just about the 8% American Income just 2011 was 9 a quarter and weve seen an improvement in Liberty National. But you get the point where that last rate is not going to improve that much more.
Operator: Well take the next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
John Myers - SunTrust:  This is Rob Myers on for Mark Hughes. I had a question, if you had any perception about the demand difference between whole life and term currently? If there's any industry-wide dynamic that you are gathering from the market?
Gary Coleman: I dont think we have a market internally. We dont see a shift from term to whole, your basic retention products in those cases. And so were doing niche rate analysis in all of our agency sales, drives on a niche basis not whole versus a term product.
Operator: And well go to John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee:  I get that a lot. Good morning, everybody. So you've got this high-quality problem that continues, that your stock's valuation is roughly 2 times book. And I'm curious, it looks to me if I look at stock price daily during the quarter, it looks to me like you're -- and compare that to your average repurchase price, it looks like you were pretty strong on your buybacks in the first half the quarter, but tailed it off pretty significantly when the stock was in the $54 to $55 range, or roughly 2 times your 2Q book, XA-OSCI. Should we take anything away from that, or was it just a matter of the timing of your cash flow, the timing of putting the capital to work?
Gary Coleman: Frank you want to handle that?
Frank Svoboda:  One thing I would probably note John is that we did have a significant portion of our purchases in the very first quarter when we had $210 million and an overall price there about $50.72. We did invest as we just looking at overall the timing will be a combination of both in that. And we did have as we normally would more purchases in the first part of the second quarter. As the price moved up probably is still down a little bit but we also clean off as we normally do, were looking at spreading our purchases out over the course of the year and were looking for about $190 million target for the first half of the year. And so thats what we really kind are trying to push towards.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. So Ill turn the program back over to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Gary Coleman: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes todays program. Thank you for your participation, you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 11:35:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison - Co-Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda  EVP and Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell  EVP and General Counsel 
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Eric Bass - Citigroup Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Ryan Krueger - KBW Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Mark Hughes - SunTrust Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Bob Glasspiegel - Jenny Capital Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2013 10-K and any subsequent Form 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman:  Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the first quarter was $137 million or $1.52 per share, a per share increase of 9% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $133 million or $1.48 per share, 17% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of March 31 was 15.5% and our book value per share was $39.68, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $46.85, a 2% increase. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $489 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $141 million. The growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth due to lower amortization on our deferred acquisition cost and the deferral of certain direct response Internet acquisitions cost that had not been deferred prior to the second quarter of 2013.  The lower amortization rate is a result of improvements and persistency attributable to our ongoing conservation program and is incorporated in our guidance. For full year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase approximately 3% to 5% over 2013. The growth rate for the year will be less than the first quarter growth rate primarily because the direct response Internet cost will be on a comparable basis for the remainder of the year.  Net life sales were $89 million, up 5% compared to first quarter of last year and up 7% over the fourth quarter of 2013. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, declined 1% to $219 million and health underwriting margins declined 1% to $49 million. For the full year we expect health underwriting margin to decline from 2% to 4%. Health sales increased 34% to $32 million due primarily to the increase in group Medicare supplement sales. Administrative expenses were $44 million for the quarter, 1% more than a year ago. For the full year we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 1% and be approximately 5.7% of premium.  I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Larry Hutchison : Thank you, Gary. Before we get into the market operations, I would like to point out that the agent count information on our website now includes an average agent count for the first quarter of 2014, in addition to the quarter end counts we have historically provided. Due to significant fluctuation that can occur from week to week, we believe that adding an average agent count for the quarter will provide more meaningful information regarding agent trends.  Now let's look at the results of our marketing operations for the first quarter. First, let's discuss Direct Response which generates approximately 35% of our life premiums. We are pleased with the Direct Response results. Life premiums were up 6% to $178 million and life underwriting margin increased 15% to $45 million. Net life sales were up 9% to $40 million. We are continuing to see significant production growth generated by our lower rates adult insurance offerings and electronic media. We expect life sales growth for the full year 2014 to be in the range of 6% to 9%.  Now American Income which generates approximately 38% of our life premiums; American Income's life premiums were up 7% to $186 million and life underwriting margin was up 7% to $60 million. Net life sales increased 1% for the quarter to $38 million. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 5,500, down 2% from a year ago, but up 4% during the quarter. The average agent count for the first quarter was 5,298. On our last call, we indicated that we expect the sales to be flat for the first half of the year and then ramp up in the second half as changes in the compensation system kicked in. Despite significant weather related difficulties around the country, life sales increased slightly. We believe the changes implemented early in 2014 began to have a positive impact during the first quarter. We are seeing improvement in the percentage of agent submitting business and the average premium per application. While the average agent count for the quarter was lower than the count at the end of the fourth quarter we saw strong and steady growth during March. While it is still early we believe that agent retention will be positively impacted by the compensation changes. We opened a new office in the first quarter and we plan to open five more during the remainder of the year. We expect that life sales growth for the full year of 2014 to be within a range of 3% to 6% with most of the growth coming in the third and fourth quarters.  Now, Liberty National. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 2% to $69 million. Our life underwriting margin declined 10% to $17 million. Net life sales grew 4% to $7 million; our net health sales increased 25% to $4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,451, up 6% from a year ago and up 1% during the quarter. The average agent count for the full quarter was 1,400, while this is lower than the count at the end of 2013 we saw a steady increase to the last half of the quarter. The first quarter sales increases were higher than we had anticipated due obviously to improvements in agent productivity and activity levels.  We opened another new office of Liberty in the first quarter and we expect to open four more new offices of Liberty during the remainder of 2014. We will continue to expand into more heavily populated and less penetrated areas to generate long-term agency growth of Liberty. We expect to see total life and health sales growth for the full year 2014 in the range of 3% to 6%.  Now, Family Heritage. Health premiums increased 7% to $49 million, our health underwriting margin increased 16% to $11 million, and health net sales declined 8% to $10 million. The agent count also declined during the first quarter. We believe these disappointing results were due in large part to weather related issues that affected Family Heritage to a greater extent than other distribution channels. On a positive note, we saw improvements in agent counts throughout March and we are seeing positive sales momentum during March and April. We still expect growth in health sales of Family Heritage for the full year of 2014 to be in the range of 2% to 6%.  Now, United American General Agency, health premiums grew 1% to $78 million in our General Agency; net health sales grew 116% to $14 million. The increase is due primarily to a large group Medicare supplement case; we also continue to see strong growth with our individual Medicare supplement sales. Although it is difficult to project Medicare group Medicare supplement sales activity, our guidance for the full year assumes General Agency net health sales growth of approximately 25% to 35%.  Medicare Part D. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D grew 8% to $83 million while the underwriting margin grew 19% to $10 million. Currently sales for the quarter were $31 million compared to $9 million in the year ago quarter due to the increase on low income, subsidized enrollees for 2014 and a large employer group case. The midpoint of our 2014 guidance assumes an increase of 16% to 17% in Part D premiums for the full year.  I'll now turn the call back to Gary. 
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $57 million, an increase of $1 million or 2% over the first quarter of 2013. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 7%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to increase by about 4% to 6%. On a per share basis, the increase should be about 9% to 11% compared to 2013. The growth rate expected for the full year 2014 is higher than that of the first quarter so the excess investment income in the first quarter of 2013 was the highest of any quarter in 2013 due to the impact of [calls of] [ph] higher yielding securities during the first and second quarters.  Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $13.2 billion including $12.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.1 billion are investment grade with an average grade of A minus. And below investment grade bonds were $552 million compared to $573 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4% compared to 4.7% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6x, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 16%. Overall the total portfolio is rated A minus same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1 billion compared to $390 million at the end of the fourth quarter. The increase is due primarily to recent declines in market interest rates.  Regarding investment yield, in the first quarter we invested $158 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.4% and average rating of BBB+ at an average life of 25 years.  For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.92%, down eight basis points from the 6% yield in the first quarter of 2013. For full year of 2014, we expect the portfolio to yield approximately 5.9%.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda : Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the first quarter, we spent $108 million to buy 1.4 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $76.09. So far in April, we have used $33 million to purchase another 427,000 shares. So for the full year through today, we spent $141 million of parent company cash to acquire 1.8 million shares. The parent started the year with liquid assets of $60 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2014. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2014 to be around $380 million. Thus including the $60 million available from assets on hand as of the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $440 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year.  As previously noted to date in 2014, we have used $141 million to purchase Torchmark shares leaving approximately $300 million available to the parent for the remainder of the year.  As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company.  Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiary. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31, 2013, our consolidated RBC ratio was 341% and adjusted capital was approximately $70 million in excess of that required for the targeted RBC ratio. We do not anticipate any changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2014.  Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison:  Thank you, Frank. For 2014, we expect that our net operating income will be in a range of $6.08 per share to $6.32 per share. Those are our comments. We'll now open the call up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. Just had a couple of questions. First, Larry you mentioned weather a couple of times. So maybe talk about if you did see an impact on your sale? Any delay for health or direct response from weather and whether that affected recruiting as well? And then secondly on the agent count, you saw a nice entries at American Income but if I look over the past couple of years your agent count in the first quarter increased a decent amount I think up 17% in the first quarter of 2012, 8% in the first quarter of 2013 and then last year it actually declined in the other quarter. So are there seasonality and what your expectations are for the agent count at American Income through the rest of the year? 
Larry Hutchison: For Liberty National and for American Income, the severe weather did have a slight negative impact on both sales and recruiting. And at Family Heritage, the agencies were primarily in rural areas for a majority of the sales involved travel of large distances to market the product, it was challenging to overcome the setbacks and in addition at Family Heritage the inclement weather coincided with the company's major sales incentive weeks. With respect to the agent retention, we are not expecting a drop in agent retention at American Income later this year. We believe we will continue to see the positive impact from the changes and compensation we introduced in January, we will have better information regarding agent retention trends later in the summer. Well, primarily we are seeing three positive trends in agent productivity at American Income. Our total bonus earners increased in the first quarter, [the signs] [ph] of agents submitting new business on weekly basis increased, and the average premiums submitted also increased. Those three indicators would tell us that we believe our retention is going to better over the next quarter and through the remainder of the year. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And with Direct Response, any disruption or any effect on your sales with the disruption in mail delivery and stuff over -- and actually at Liberty and American Income, have you seen better trends in April as the weather has gotten a little better or not? 
Larry Hutchison : We are seeing the same trends in April at American Income and Liberty. Direct Response is also affected by the bad weather particularly in the insert media, now some of the delivery of the insert media was delayed and that's lost because when you have bad weather, when the next mailing goes out its on top of the first mailing, but at the go get Direct Response had a strong first quarter and so they had fairly minor impact upon the Direct Response operation. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Bass with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Hi, thank you. I was hoping you could discuss current trends in the med sub business a little bit more. Are you seeing any pickup in demand for individual policies or any increase in disenrollment from Med Advantage at this point? 
Larry Hutchison : The Medicare Advantage disenrollment did not have a major impact upon the company. It was our estimate that in the first quarter, our production increased by approximately 10% to 15% because of Medicare disenrollment. The growth we are seeing in 2014 in the general agency really comes from the individual sales which is a result of strong recruiting and its implementation of new e-application and the group Medicare supplement we benefited from a the large case within the first quarter and that business tends to be little bit lumpy. We are hopeful of seeing more large cases during the year. But our guidance does not reflect that. 
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Okay, and maybe what are some of the dynamics in the group market in terms of competition or its margin trends in that business? Do you have had some relative good sales in recent periods? 
Larry Hutchison : This is lumpy, it is a competitive market. And they are continually holding different large group cases and medium group cases. If we price to a profit margin and we either receive the business or we do not receive the business. 
Eric Bass - Citigroup: Okay, and then just one on Part D. You had pretty strong margins there. Can you remind us whether you are expecting or what's assumed in guidance for Part D margins for the year and should we expect that they can hold up at first quarter level? 
Larry Hutchison : It's pretty early in 2014 to really measure our claims experience but we expect margins in Part D for the year 2014 to be in the range of 10% to 13%. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. I have a couple of questions. First on Liberty National's margins which I noticed were off a little bit this quarter. And seemed to be a little -- going maybe the wrong direction certainly relative to other segments. So I was curious just to what was causing that and if you thought that would correct itself as the year progresses? 
Gary Coleman: Well, the impact of - the first quarter was really in a decline so we had higher claims in the first quarter. And also the claims for the first quarter of last year were little bit low. At Liberty the claims are high in the first half of the year than its - higher than they are in the second half, and it just so happen that is the first quarter was high - this year last year the second was over 40%, as a percentage of policy obligation, so it's little bit of seasonality here, for the year though we expect the policy obligation at Liberty be around 38% to 39% and that's compared to a little over 38% for the last year. 
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then on the excess investment income side. With yields pulling back a little bit kind of beginning of the year, are you still comfortable with the initial guidance you gave for the full year I think it was 5% to 7% growth?
Gary Coleman: Yes, I feel comfortable with the guidance we gave earlier. We did lower though our new money rate from 5.5 to 5.25. 5.5 is what we used in our previous guidance. As we have seen that market rates decline somewhat, though we feel confident that we can hit the prior quarter and at that -- again we will see increase in growth as year goes on.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And if I could just may be a quick numbers question something I missed. Larry, I think you talked about 25% or 35% sales growth guidance for the year. I missed through, what segment that was? 
Larry Hutchison : That's for the United American General agency; we said health sales from the United American Independent Agency to be up approximately 25% to 35%, group count Medicare supplement sales we said to be up about 35%. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Krueger with KBW. Please go ahead
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Hey, good morning, thanks. I guess first I want to follow up on the med sub discussion. So you have a pretty good outlook for the year. It sounds like there were a lot of dissimilarities in med advantage but I am just curious is the competition increasing in med sub just based on this idea that med advantage funding pressures could go on over time? 
Larry Hutchison : I think med sub is really market if you look at the demographics certainly there are many people turning 65, so we are growing market over time. Our sales really are depended upon assumption of any disenrollment from Medicare advantage. What we are focusing on these recruiting agents to sell Medicare supplement business and we have implemented a new e-application system to makes easier for the agents to write the business to United American Insurance Company, so their growth is really driven here by strong agent recruiting and e-application process. 
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Okay, have you seen any changes in the competitive environment over the last year or so? 
Larry Hutchison : I think it is really the same environment, as I said we saw net increase disenrollments in the first quarter. As we look at the replacement forms is our estimate that those first quarter Medicare this Medicare advantage disenrollment led to an increase in production of about 10% to 15%. 
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Okay and then I just have a couple of quick weather related one. You noted a little bit higher claims at Liberty which I know is typical of the first quarter from a seasonal perspective but wondering if you thought the bad weather had caused any uptick in mortality rates in the first quarter. 
Larry Hutchison : I don't think the bad weather affected the mortality rate. And Gary said about the seasonal pattern, as we looked back at Liberty over the many years the claims tend to be higher in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. 
Gary Coleman: If you may be the first quarter so our -- and may be second quarter it was last year but I don't think there is anything surprising here. 
Ryan Krueger - KBW: Okay and then just last one on Family Heritage, the sales weakness from the weather. And do you think that uniquely impacted that business because of its rural focus? So do you think that was more of an industry issue for kind of all supplemental health --? 
Larry Hutchison : I think uniquely affected Family Heritage. Again most of our agency forces for Liberty and typically for American Income in urban areas. And Family Heritage, those agencies were primarily at rural areas as for the sales force travel long distances to market products, given the bad weather in the upper Midwest and the East and even the South, it really had a negative impact upon Family Heritage. In addition, the Family Heritage, they have major incentive weeks and it so happen that the bad weather coincided with several of those major sales incentive weeks. So the impact was greater at Family Heritage and other two agencies. 
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Giovanni with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much, good morning. I guess first question is just over the past several years. We've heard from several competitors the talk about moving down market. Maybe not all the way down to your target customer were met suddenly, rolled out its partnership with Wal-Mart in some states, others are seemingly working with -- we looks like another big box in department store, retailers as customers seemed to be more willing to purchase through retail channels. So wondering if you are seeing any signs of increased competition or any comments you can make around those strategies and impact it could have on your distribution? 
Larry Hutchison : If you look at our Direct Response operation and we also looked for the each of the agency operations and we have not seen any evidence of increased competition that field in our direct marketing. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay, any comments just in terms of may be that direct through kind of the retail distribution versus mail or internet? 
Larry Hutchison: Oh, quite a chance of a product that doesn't sell itself, they need to sold to an agency so we believe in the agency system but we think we have had great success with Direct Response in all three channels, in Direct Response, through the direct mail, the electronic media, fastest growing segment is electronic media. And part of the reason I can see we are not seeing an increased competition, if you look at the electronic media in the first quarter; our inquiries were up 40% compared to same period a year ago. And we don't think that will continue for the full year, we are expecting electronic media inquiries to be up at least 20% for the full year. And so electronic air and electronic media as we focus on different areas. We are comfortable that globe will continue to grow and it supports the other two segments, other two channels in its distribution. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then last question. Just wanted to get some perspective in terms of sort of how much runway you think you have with the higher face amount policies you guys are telling selling direct. 
Larry Hutchison : Before answering (inaudible) it is an excellent question, the actual numbers of course the issue is higher face amount has increased , by offering the higher face amount we are also seeing even bigger increase and policies issue across all policy face amount. So we are continuing to explore higher face amount, what we are finding it that helps our sales and the other smaller face amounts that remains more offer, that we really rolled out in the third and fourth quarter different rates and different real products with testing started all products now sometime at runway, we will try to addressing that in the third and fourth quarter that we are seeing result of those additional tests. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs:   And when you talked about test, are you talking geographically even exploring further increases in the face amount or both?
Larry Hutchison : It is geographic, it is different packaging, it is different writers doing -- there is lot of different testing we do with these all products. 
Gary Coleman: We have talked about in the past digital $30,000 maximum face amount, so we have increased that up to around $100,000, if your question is, are we going to further up from $100,000, that's I am not sure that happens, it is little bit hard in Direct Response because we can't do greater deal of underwriting, it would be difficult to go higher face amount than that. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Understood, great, thanks, appreciate the comments. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Hi, good morning. Broader question on Family Heritage. You did talk about weather impact in the quarter and expecting a better March and April, you've also talked about in the past improving some of the kind of recruitment tools of that business but I guess what I am really curious about is if you look at a level of sales and if you look at the level of recruiting generally, I assume it is probably been a little disappointing and I am just curious to how you think about the performance of that business broadly relative to how you originally thought about it when you bought it? 
Larry Hutchison : I don't think it has been disappointing. I think we made some adjustments in the system from recruiting last year. So you look at this year, year-to-date it was disappointed first quarter because it was hit by the bad weather, if you go to the second quarter we are seeing some positive indicators for both recruiting and sales. Our sales projections for 2014 are in range of 2% to 6%. We think the agent count at the end of the year for 2014 in a range of 600 to 725 agents. Now the growth at Family Heritage is going to come from the increased in the sales force. And so that's our focus and we believe that it is sales force grows and significant growth in production follows that sales growth. 
Gary Coleman: Mark, it is really-- it is the case when we bought the company, we knew we are going to-- there will be significant changes made to the way recruiting was done, we expected this would take a little time to because they may (inaudible) jumping on, so we are not disappointed with it, we excepted this time, as a matter of fact it will be little air space.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one follows up on the American Income agent count. You had a very strong first year improvement but you did see a little bit of fall off in renew year. Is that just fluctuation or anything else going on there? 
Larry Hutchison : I think the fall off is an indication of the retention issues we had over the last 15 to 18 months. As we see better retention first year agents would expect to see in the third, fourth quarter, and those veteran agents numbers will grow. When you think about it, in any quarter you are going to loose certain veteran agents. If you are not adding new agents that entered that 13 month that number will be flat or slightly drop.
Gary Coleman: Mark, on price I think that the -- when you look at total agent count and the management count is pretty much flat of last year but the growth is come in the writing agents, that's a good indicator because as we grow the number of agents, writing agents, that is the ones who will go into management so we think that's leading indicator that we will see increase in management as well. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates. Please go ahead.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning, everybody. Couple of numbers first. Frank, I think you typically talked about how you expect yield I mean you said that the yield should be about 5.9% for the year on average. But how should that develop quarterly? Could you give us that? 
Frank Svoboda : Yes. I think it drops towards 592 for the first quarter and we really think dropping probably just 1% to 2% basis point sequentially over the course of the quarters. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay and then one of the things that I noticed on Part D, there seemed to be significant changes in PBM fees? And anything up with that? 
Gary Coleman:  Yes, Steven, including the PBM fees is a new fee that we have stayed under the Affordable Care Act with over 1% of premium and in addition to that we negotiated a contract, there is additional calls for an option that we agreed to where we could renegotiate the drug (inaudible) in 2014, so that add that as well. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, great and then just a more general question. Exchanges, group-- probably a bit overwrought all the discussion about exchanges with regards to active employees but it definitely seems to be making headway in the retiree market. Given the big group sale you made any, does United American plan that, are you on these exchanges through the agencies, does this affect you at all? 
Larry Hutchison : No, we are not in exchanges currently, and we are not exploring opportunities in the supplemental health market, and so as we look at the exchanges of Obama care, we look at those opportunities we know there going to be gap, there will be product, need to be filled so that's our focus but to be on exchanges to -- 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Larry, I was talking about the private exchanges like (inaudible) or somebody like that. 
Larry Hutchison : And we are not on those exchanges. I thought (inaudible) probably big exchanges, okay 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Will those developed, will those affect the market that you entered? 
Larry Hutchison : We don't think so. Certainly that going to affect our individual market and then the group those are courted individually and so those groups it could be competition but we think also be competitive in those markets. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead 
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you, good morning. Have you got more flexible perhaps open up the top end in terms of the size of the group that you are willing to quote in the med sub business? Should we look for more big lumps perhaps in the future? 
Larry Hutchison: It is possible. We do hope it grew so that's possible. It is almost impossible to predict that business so it is an opportunistic business and we are going to maintain our profit margins so we don't have proper margin basically size of the group. We maintain that this is a profit margin or this medium in a very large group. 
Mark Hughes - SunTrust:   Are they more prospects so you quoting more for those very large group? 
Larry Hutchison : I don't think it is more or less. I think they looked across the market and that's what that marketing group does is they go out and they are trying contacts and make groups and brokers as possible. And they are willing to write any size group, obviously there will be less competition. If you have a group it has 2000 members versus 20,000 members. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets :  Thanks very much and good morning to everyone. I have a general question about the health business and then a narrow one about the health business. My first question is as follows, it feels like it wasn't terribly long ago say within the last one to two years-- that two years ago that the health business was well in decline and with premiums falling sharply and now they are falling a lot less sharply, indeed they were essentially flat. It seemed back then at least to me that Torchmark was heading towards becoming overwhelmingly a life company and much less of a health company than it had been in the past. My question is as we look forward given the strength that you are enjoying now in Medicare supplement and elsewhere in health insurance, do you anticipate - is the health business turning around really is what I am asking and do you anticipate a more balanced mixed between life and health perspectively and then what you would have said a year ago? 
Larry Hutchison : I guess if you remember if you look at 2010, 2011 and 2012, the decline you saw in health line were largely the result of the larger block of business that we wrote, it would have been subject to the Healthcare Reform Act, we decided to exit that line of business in 2010, as you see (inaudible) client, I think what you are seeing is a stabilization our healthcare business because a large part of America supplement business is growing in individual and also growing in a group. Long term, our focus remained on life insurance, we certainly like the health insurance business, we find the life insurance business to be more predictable and so vis--vis is sales growth and it is easy to maintain and captive agency force in a life insurance business than is in the health insurance business. 
Gary Coleman: I would agree with Larry. We do prefer the life business because normally the high margin and that's where our excess investment income come from, I think there is a point also in the niche that we have in the health insurance side. But for example this year we look at the premium income being flat, that's actually an improvement over the years you talked about Larry but we expect to see some growth there but it is not going be such growth that it has on life side and that's staying with us.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets : My second question is similar but more focused and it is focused on the Medicare Part D business. Again, my -- if my memory shows me correctly when Medicare Part D first began several years ago, you had a burst of business and then there was sort of uncertainty as to whether this drug related business, drug insurance related business would continue at the pace that it had been. It was suggested that it might pulled out sharply and now it seems to have stabilized. My question, do you see Medicare Part D remaining a meaningful growing, a meaningful and growing part of the business? 
Gary Coleman: I think where we stand now I think it is a meaningful part of our businesses but to say whether it is going to grow or how big is it going to be in the future is difficult because it is such competitive market. In addition to that, there is a difference between the order of time market and non auto zone market, there are different levels there, uncertainty there and also when you take a look at it we like the business but the profit margin there is lower than say it is on our health business and life business. So it is less more competitive, it is lower margin. We are glad to have the business but it is hard to predict in the future how big it will be or it will be -- even it will be there.
Larry Hutchison : In fact as Gary said we look at Part D, it is an opportunistic market, every year we have been to achieve our target profit margins, every year we are going to gain regions or we are going to loose regions. Now currently we have about 20 to 25 regions and 35 possible regions. We hope to maintain that level of regions but competitors decide about the business and we could loose regions in that competitive business, if the auto assign market becomes extremely competitive, we could lose most our auto assigns but we still have our regular market, group market to rely on.  
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Hey, good morning, everybody. I just have two -- I think everybody, everything is pretty much being covered. I am just curious how big was the large group case that was written this quarter in United Agency on the Medicare supplement just to give us a sense, how many lives? 
Larry Hutchison : On the Part D case it was large case. I think it was approximately twenty hundred new lives, and the annual premium amounts about $ 7 million. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee:   That's helpful, thank you. And then I just have, just a quick numbers question. Option compensation expense grew on year-over-year basis the level that you have seen in the 1Q probably about we should expect to see going forward? 
Frank Svoboda : Yes, actually John it will be Q1 although little bit higher it will grade down just slightly over the remainder of the year but I think on an annual basis and midpoint of our guidance you should probably expected to be around near 4% of our net operating income before the stock option expense. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee:   Okay and I think I sneak one more in. When you think about the range for your guidance, the 10% to 13% range for the margin expectation for Medicare Part D, is that contemplated in the low and the high or is there something more midpoints built in there? 
Frank Svoboda :   Yes, the midpoint as you get closer to the midpoint you will be looking at relayed at around expectation it might be 11.5% to 12%. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Jenny Capital. Please go ahead
Bob Glasspiegel - Jenny Capital: Good morning, Torchmark. I love your annual report letter, kudos to whoever is in charge of writing it. I noticed that towards the end when you talk about use of free cash flow for the first time you talked about the special dividend should the stock get at above your proprietary definition of intrinsic value. And with the stock bouncing to a new high -- let me step back you did your active in the first quarter as the stock was down, I was wondering if the caveat for that would drive the special dividend in that sort of-- if you had another rocket shape year for the stock or is it -- would the stock hitting sort of all time high or we are getting in the neighborhood where the special dividend becomes a more reasonable option? You guys have been so good on capital management and investment management that I respect your judgment a lot. 
Gary Coleman: Well, Bob, first of all as we said in our letter our first priority is to return the excess cash to shareholder. And we over the years we have-- the share repurchase have outweighed our dividends that this last year saw the first year we really hit at our share price, is gotten close to what we think intrinsic value and so that's how we mention the possibility of special dividend and that would be something we would have to discuss with our Board about but absent of an acquisition or absence of other cash we provided at the strong return to shareholders we would consider that if we felt we needed to send share repurchase because of valuation, but we are not there yet and we forget about this share repurchase to the first quarter but as you said we have another 30% increase in share price that we still not expect but we did -- we don't want to -- we recognize the fact that we buyback the shares at prices -- we can't just buy and just buy for the shareholders, so that's what we have to conversation about the special dividend, it has been possibility. 
Bob Glasspiegel - Jenny Capital: I applaud your logic and it is very sound and so you are somewhere in between closing not near the point where you would consider it, I guess that was the bare that was the sort of rough -- 
Gary Coleman: From a historical standpoint we are closer to the intrinsic day or what we feel the value of stock is than we have been in past years. But we don't -- we are not close enough that we think we should suspend the repurchase.
Larry Hutchison : And it is not fixed point It is an ongoing analysis, we look at that every quarter, discuss that with our board of directors and again we will make a decision we think is in the best interest of the shareholders. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital. Please go ahead.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Yes, most of my questions have been answered but I just want to go back to Medicare income for a minute because you quoted some metrics in the Q&A regarding the fact that bonuses were up and the weekly submission were up as well as total submission and I am wondering if you could give us a little bit of feel as to how that spread out through the quarter and if you think that all of the changes that you have made are really starting to hit the stride now or if there is still kind of on the cost. Thanks. 
Larry Hutchison : We have better sales in the first quarter than we expected, we had American Income Life insurance company and that should be driven by the percentage of agency new business on repay basis, we didn't really see the increase in the agents until about mid February. We are seeing positive trends with a new competition program, from mid February on not just new current agents; we are seeing the number of recruits and positive trends. It is little bit early to see what the effect of that new compensation system is going to be. I think it will be probably mid July, probably August and we have enough data from January, February and March that we can look at their third, fourth, fifth month retention to see the real effect of that is having. 
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Okay, great, then I will check out on that front, thanks very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have a follow up question from the line of Mark Hughes, please go ahead.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. How much of the Globe Life inquiry volume or new policy volume is coming by electronic media? 
Larry Hutchison : I think we asked, I am trying to understand question, you are asking the four percentage of the Direct Response sales come from electronic media. 
Mark Hughes - SunTrust:   Exactly.
Larry Hutchison : That's 40% of our sales comes from electronic media and that will be in multi media, I am including incoming total calls, the internet, social medium, mobile search ads. Mark, it is hard to give an exact percentage because as we have more of electronic internet traffic, we see a greater presence for social media and also supports our Direct Response and answer media operations for -- so they three work in tandem but we will give rough estimate of about 20% of new sales come from electronic media. 
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Major for closing remarks. 
Mike Majors: All right, thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments. And we will talk you again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - Vice President, Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison - Co-Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation fourth quarter 2013 earnings release conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2012's 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $134 million or $1.46 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $143 million or $1.56 per share, a 1% decrease on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity was 15.5% and our book value per share was $38.77, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $41.49, a 10% decrease due to the impact of higher market interest rates and the valuation of our fixed maturity portfolio. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $468 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $137 million. The growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth due to the lower amortization on deferred acquisition cost and the deferral of certain direct response internet acquisitions cost that had not been deferred prior to the second quarter of 2013. The lower amortization rate is a result of improvements and persistency attributable to our ongoing conservation program and is incorporated in our guidance. We are pleased with the results of our conservation program and expected to see continued improvement and persistency. Net life sales were flat at $83 million compared to the fourth quarter of last year. However, they increased 4% over the third quarter of 2013. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, increased 6% to $215 million and health underwriting margin grew 11% to $49 million. Improvement in the health premium and underwriting margin was due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage. Health sales increased 13% to $40 million, also due primarily to the acquisition of Family Heritage. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the insurance operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First, let's discuss American Income, which generates approximately 39% of our life premiums. American Income's life premiums were up 6% to $182 million and life underwriting margin was up 4% to $59 million. Net life sales decreased 5% in the quarter to $38 million. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 5,302, up 2% over a year ago and down 3% during the quarter. While we indicated on our last call, the sale should be down for the year, the fourth quarter results were slightly weaker than we anticipated. The changes that were made in 2013 just didn't create the results we hope for. However, while sales were lower than expected, they did increase sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter by 3%. We said on the third quarter conference call that we expected changes to be implemented early in the first quarter to promote increased enthusiasm and activity in the field in 2014. While we are still implementing these changes, we do believe they will drive increases in agent retention and sales activity. We plan to open six new offices in 2014, and we'll continue to focus on developments of middle management to develop new SGA candidates. In 2014, we should start to see the results from the recent initiatives and the SGAs added in 2013 will also begin to make an impact. We expect life sales growth in 2014 to be within a range of 3% to 6%, as most of the growth coming in the third and fourth quarters. Now, Direct Response, which generates 35% of our life premiums. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $162 million and life underwriting margin increased 19% to $41 million. Net life sales were up 8% to $34 million. Response rates improved again during the fourth quarter. We are continuing to see positive results on rate adjustments and higher face amount offerings on adult insurance products implemented during the second quarter. We expect life sales growth for 2014 to be in a range of 5% to 9%. Now, Liberty National. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 2% to $68 million. Our life underwriting margin declined 6% to $19 million. Net life sales decreased 4% to $8 million, while net health sales increased 2% to $4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National end of the quarter at 1,430, up 1% from a year ago, but up 8% during the quarter. We are pleased with the trends we are seeing at Liberty National. While sales were down during the fourth quarter, they were significantly higher than we had anticipated. Our efforts to expand geographically are progressing nicely is evidenced by the increase in agent account from the third quarter through the fourth quarter. We opened six new offices in 2013. As agents in these offices become more experienced, their productivity will improve. We expect to open five more new offices at Liberty in 2014. As we've said before, we are confident that expansion into more heavily populated less penetrated areas will generate long-term agency growth at Liberty, beginning in 2014. We expect to see sales growth in 2014 in a range of 2% to 5%. Now, Family Heritage. Health premiums were $49 million and health net sales were $11 million. We continue to work on our recruiting systems across the agency and believe that this will generate long-term growth. We expect growth in health sales at Family Heritage in 2014 to be in a range of 2% to 7%. Medicare Part D. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D declined 13% to $73 million, while the underwriting margin was flat at $10 million. Part D sales for the quarter increased 15% to $53 million due to the increase in loan income subsidized enrollees in 2014. We expect an increase of approximately 13% to 15% in Part D premiums in 2014, because we have qualified to receive new auto-enrollees in 15 regions in 2014, while we received new auto-enrollees in seven region in 2013. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: To complete the discussion of insurance operations, administrative expenses were $46 million for the quarter, 3% more than a year ago. The increase is in line with our expectation and we anticipate that administrative expenses should remain relatively flat in 2014 and be approximately 5.7% of premiums. Now, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt, was $55 million, a decline of $1 million or 2%, but a 3% increase on a per share basis from the fourth quarter of 2012. For the full year 2013, excess investment income decline 8% on a dollar basis and 3% on a per share basis. This decline was due to lower new money yields and the call of hybrid securities that occurred in late 2012 and early 2013. 2013 was the third consecutive year that excess investment income declined. In 2014, we expect to see a reverse of this downward trend. We expect excess investment income to increase by approximately 5% to 6% in 2014. Further, reflecting the impact of share repurchases, we expect excess investment income per share to increase about 10% to 12% compared to 2013. Now, regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $13 billion, including $12 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $11.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds were $566 million compared to $585 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.5% compared to 4.9% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.5x, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 16%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, total portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. In the fourth quarter, we invested $319 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.4% on average rating of BBB+ at an average life of 25 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.90%, down 30 basis points from the 6.20% yield in the fourth quarter of 2012. Most of this decline occurred early in 2013, due primarily to the lower new money yields and the calls of the bank hybrid securities. Portfolio yield declined only 5 basis points between the second and fourth quarter. We are encouraged by the higher new money rates, due to the positive impact that high interest rates have on our excess investment income. At the current new money rate, we would expect to see only modest declines in the portfolio yield over the next five years as compared to the larger declines in recent years. This development is due primarily to the high recalls being behind us and the expected maturities coming from bonds with lower interest rates in the past. Even sudden interest rate spikes would be beneficial, as we have very little disintermediation risk and are not concerned with potential interest rate driven unrealized losses in our fixed maturity portfolio. As we've said many times, we have both the intent and more importantly ability to hold our bonds maturity. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the fourth quarter, we spent $95 million to buy 1.27 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $74.45. For the full year, we spent $360 million of parent company cash to acquire 5.5 million shares at an average price of $65.21. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of approximately $60 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2014. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2013 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized, we expect free cash flow in 2014 to be in the range of $370 million to $380 million. Thus, including the $60 million available from assets on hand, we currently expect to have between $430 million and $440 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. To date, in 2014, we have used $40.2 million of this cash to buy 529,000 Torchmark shares. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance companies. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although, we haven't finalized our 2013 statutory financial statement, we expect the RBC percentage at December 31, 2013, will be slightly above the 325% consolidated target. We do not anticipate any changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2014. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2014, we expect that our net operating income will be in a range of $6.05 per share to $6.35 per share. Those are our comments. We'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: I had a couple of questions, first one on capital. I think you mentioned $430 million to $440 million of available cash. And if you keep $50 million to $60 million of a cushion that means like buybacks of around 380-ish or so for the year, is that the right way to think about that?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, you should. We expect the buybacks to be right in that or the free cash flows in that $370 million to $380 million range.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And then on the business, maybe Larry on Liberty National, how much of the growth in agent count is coming just from the new offices that you're opening up versus growth at existing offices? And then on the related count, the agent count at American Income, you mentioned that some of the initiatives that you had implemented haven't like gained traction as fast as maybe you thought. Can you discuss, what's you're doing and what gives you comfort that trends will get better in 2014?
Larry Hutchison: At Liberty National, the agent growth is coming from the new offices. We also see some increase in existing offices. So it comes from both sets of offices. American Income, we just did not see the expected correction in agent retention or agent activity we hoped for, and we made the changes in retention bonuses earlier in 2013. The sales growth in 2014 will come primarily from the bonuses structure change, we began implementing last month. This change is aimed at increasing agent compensation early in agent's career and encouraging greater agent activity. The bonus change also affects managers, because it ties their compensation, Jimmy, to increased recruiting and agent retention. We have tested these changes in the third and fourth quarters of 2013, before they were implemented. And then additionally simplify the commission process, so that our agents will have a greater certainty of payment at the point of sale at American Income.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I might add. For the six new offices, I think we have 86 agents from those offices.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And then on Part D, like you are in 15 regions, you were in seven last year. Should we assume that premiums were double or obviously there is a difference in size of all the regions than the market folks that you have? So could you discuss like how that relates to expected premiums?
Gary Coleman: Our premiums last year were approximately $300 million. We expect our premiums this year to be approximately $340 million. And most of that pickup comes from the additional regions, where we receive auto-enrollees. We get different numbers in different regions. I don't think it's fair to see with double.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: The number of auto-enrollees would not necessarily double, but overall premiums I guess you're expecting a little bit north of 10% up?
Gary Coleman: That's correct.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Larry, a follow-up on Jimmy's Part D question. I know obviously, you have your regular enrollees, you also have auto enrollees and the number of characterized auto-enrollees is doubled, so that's the thing. What I'm not quite understanding is that your in force went from about $300 million to $322 million at the end of this quarter versus the third quarter, that's an 8% increase. My understanding was that the sales for the first quarter are reflected at the end of the fourth quarter, is that not accurate? I'm trying to find out where this other 7% is going to come from basically, because you'd been averaging about $300 million of gross premium in force?
Larry Hutchison: I'm thinking about your question. With the auto-enrollees, some of those come each quarter, but we're going to be having auto-enrollees throughout the year, Steven. I don't know if I can track back instantly what the percentages are each quarter, but I do have confidence that the premium number we're giving you is fairly close, which you'll see for the year of about $340 million.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Margin in Part D, I think it was about 11.8% for 2013?
Larry Hutchison: I think we're producing about 10% margin for Part D in 2014.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: You're looking for investment income to start moving up. I assume your comments are predicated with the 10 year where it is. I suspect maybe your spreads have won and the stuff you're buying isn't going down in line with treasuries this year?
Gary Coleman: Bob, we have seen a little bit of decline in the rates, but we're still investing this quarter near the 550 that we've assumed in our guidance for the year.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: So 255, 10 year doesn't really impact you. You're not looking this to like a blip and rates you're going to move up, this is the real-time based on where we are today?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think our 550 is based on a little bit -- we don't look so much at the 10 year, but to 30 year side. And the 550 was based on a little bit higher 30 year rate than we have right now, but it's not materially different.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: It's not a regular period, so just slight uptick from where we are right now in yields?
Gary Coleman: I think we feel confident of the 5.5 for the year.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: And as we think about your conservation program on the life side, what sort of persistency improvement can you see from it?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think we see improvement both in our first year and renewal year rates. And I think we have scheduled out on the web site that showed that improvement. In 2013 we conserved $38 million of lapse premium, that's about 15% of our lapses for the year. And we think we can continue to increase our percentage. We think within a couple of years we'll be around 17% of life's premium. The good thing about it is that once that premium is conserved, we're seeing about the same persistency, as a matter of fact a little bit persistency than we do in our other business. But at some point the improvement in persistency will level out a little, that is as we go forward with the conservation program, as we conserve more we're going to have some lapses of premiums that we conserved in prior years. But the rates that you see on that schedule of those persistency rates, we think will continue to hold or improve slightly.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott: Just so I understand it, that if you hadn't done the conservation program, you'd have $38 million less in premium for the year?
Frank Svoboda: $38 million less of premium in force, that's right.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: I was hoping we could return to the first question by Jimmy. Can you just, one more time, sort of contrast with respect to American Income, the initiatives at the start of last year with the change in compensation now, how are those two moves different? And again why are you confident, that I know you mentioned you tested, but why are you confident that presumably you tested before, that this time you're going to get the desired outcome? What's the difference and why are you confident?
Larry Hutchison: Eric, this is Larry. I'll try to answer that. In 2013, we slightly changed our compensation systems by introducing agent 10-year bonus. We did that in the first quarter and the third quarter of the year. In 2014, we've initiated a revised bonus system that's really aimed at increasing the agent compensation early in agent's career, encouraging greater agent activity. In addition, manager bonus is depended on their recruiting activity and the success of their agents. If you think about 2013, we tweak an existing system. In 2014, what we're introducing is a complete revision to our bonus system. When we tweaked the system, we didn't test the same, because it's a slight change and all changes were based on the experience of our leadership and our sales. Before we changed a bonus system throughout the company, we do test the same from six of our offices, from smaller to larger offices, we tested the change in bonus at the agent and manager level and based on those test results, we're confident that we'll see an increase in recruiting activity among the managers and the agents.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: And just to be clear, when you say you tested, is this essentially asking the individuals involved how they would respond?
Larry Hutchison: Both. When we test, we take the actual new bonus system and we install that bonus system in the different SGA offices where we're testing the same. So it's a live test with a new bonus system, and then we measure those recruiting, those retention, those activity results with that new bonus system. And we certainly received feedback from the field before we introduced this to field. We talked about this with all the SGAs and we talked with the leadership council within the SGA group. So we've tested their response as we showed them the results of the test. We received feedback and we made minor changes based on the feedback. But basically the installation followed a testing of this new bonus system.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joanne Smith with Scotia Capital.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: I was just wondering if you could just revisit just one last time here on American Income. Do you think that there might be an issue of competition, because I don't think that that's been the case in the past, but I am just wondering if maybe there has been some ramping up of some of your competitors, maybe in some of your regions, and that could be the cause for the weaker recruiting and retention? So if you could address that? And then I have a follow-up.
Larry Hutchison: Actually the issue is not competition. The American Income really doesn't have a competition within their field force, within their sales. As we study the sales, we don't see that we are involved in replacing the policies nor our policy is replaced. When you look at the lack of growth in 2013, this really a result of not increasing our agent counts. And the agent count was a result of two things. We had a decline in agent count. We've seen a lower retention of the agents and we did not achieve our recruiting objectives. The two go hand-in-hand. So we think with our new systems as we inspect our existing recruiting systems, we need to increase our recruiting objectives and we want to work on the decline in our actual agent terminations.
Gary Coleman: And Joanne, I would add that we feel like as far as retention is narrated, we need to tweak the bonuses to get more money in their hands earlier in order to help them survive their first year, because we know that once they have survived their first year, they'll persist better going forward. And to do that we also had to incentivize the managers to recruit and train more and that's the tweaks that Larry was talking about, tweak to do those two things.
Larry Hutchison: I just want to follow-up and say that if you look at the history of the American Income, it's not unusual to see a very strong sales year followed by a slower sales year. And so given the double-digit increase in sales and agent counts in 2012, it's not surprising that we struggled somewhat in 2013. We think about agent growth and the growth of American Income as a bit of a stair step process. And so we're hoping that we've come to the end of the stairs. We're going to step upward this year as we see greater agent recruiting, a better retention within the agency.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: Yes. I recall your stair step function comments previously. I guess one last follow-up on that, do you think that maybe the recruiting targets haven't been met maybe because the unemployment rate in the U.S. has improved?
Larry Hutchison: I don't think so because when Gary and I look across the agency, what we're seeing, there are plenty of resumes that are within those individual agencies. There's no shortage of candidates. It's really an activity, which is having recruits in its office and then turning those recruits into national agents and then returning those agents to their first year. So I don't think unemployment rates really have much of an impact on American Income.
Joanne Smith - Scotia Capital: And then just a completely separate subject, now that the Family Heritage I guess is kind of up and running, you're still rolling out I guess new offices and stuff, do you see anything on the M&A landscape that could interest you?
Gary Coleman: Not at this moment, we continue to look, as we talked about before, we're fairly narrow on our scope. We're looking for companies that are in the middle income market, similar to other companies and that have either captive agencies or direct control distribution. We haven't seen that many candidates recently, but we'll continue to look.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Christopher Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about the 8% growth within direct response and maybe the mix of that in terms of what's coming from the new higher face amount policies? And then along the line, is there any changes in kind of the behavior experience you've seen early on with those higher face amount consumers?
Larry Hutchison: We are seeing positive results from the higher face amount, the adult products, and all the all of the issued policies about 50,000 are actually still a small percentage of our total net premium. It does drive the increase in our total adult net premium. What I mean by that Christopher is that, if we don't make a $100,000 offer, it may result in their final sale, the people may elect a smaller-face policy. So it's an overall lift to the sales as they cross $100,000 offers. As we look at our test, we expect in 2014, the total we're seeing the same favorable results. So from 2014, we're going to roll out more of those campaigns with a higher face mailings and we have rate adjustments based on those additional test results.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: And any plans to expand the face amount value further to get into additional markets?
Larry Hutchison: Well, not really. I think what we're looking now is we're comfortable with the face amount, the other initiatives will be testing different rates, different packaging, down to different creative to reach that customer. And other expansion will be internet or electronic media, continue to see our greatest growth there. So we have different campaigns aimed reaching more consumers in that middle income market electronically.
Gary Coleman: And Chris although the prescription drug, access to those records have allowed us to do a little more underwriting than we've done in the past. It's helped us to give out from the 50,000 to the 100,000 face amount. In direct response, you really can't do enough underwriting to justify showing face amount above that.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: And then you've targeted kind of overtime 10% growth in agent count in American income. Wondering if that's still a range that you think is achievable and what's the environment that we need to be in to achieve those, maybe both at macro as well micro level?
Larry Hutchison: Chris, as a good rule of thumb, our projected agent count growth for 2014 is not that high. We're currently at 5,000 agents. The projected agent count for yearend 2014 is between 5,500 and 5,600 agents.
Gary Coleman: That's a 5% to 6% growth.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: In the past you've talked about kind of over time a 10% growth, is that still a level of agent count growth that you think is kind of achievable? And then again, kind of what type of environment do we need to be in to kind of get those agent growth levels?
Larry Hutchison: Surely it's achievable and we think we'll achieve that in the future. And we need to se it's certainly in the year and we need to see what the effect these two initiatives will have on agent recruiting with the managers on the agent retention, so as we see the effect of those two initial use, we could get closer to 10%, but right now based on test, best on our best judgment, we think it will be a little lighter for 2014.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: My question is on direct response as well, and it's really more around I think you had mentioned a lower level of DAC amortization, but I don't recall if that was specifically the direct response, but then there was also a comment about the ability to defer some of the internet-related acquisition costs. Could you just help us understand, the net impact of those things, how do we think about that as in terms of the margin, direct response is doing something around 25%, 25.5% margin currently. It looks like that's about two points higher than it was historically. Is that about the right way to think about that?
Gary Coleman: John, first of all in the amortization, we've seen slightly lower amortization this year and we think that's due to the improved persistency from the conservation program, but the biggest challenge is the deferral of those internet expenses. I think we talked about this in the second quarter when we made the change under the new accounting rules for deferred acquisition costs that were adopted a couple of years, we had a certain amount of record keeping evidence to show that these costs are leading to direct sales of the policies. And we finally were able to demonstrate that early this year and as a result, beginning of the second quarter, we started to deferring those costs. Now, what the impact to that was within 2012, our non-deferred acquisition expenses were 3.3% of premium. This year there is 1.6% of premium. It was due to that fall of those costs. And so we were 23% private margin in 2012, we ended this year right at 25% and we expected to be at that level going forward.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Yaron Kinar with Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Question on margins, it seems like really the underwriting margins have been the main driver for earnings growth in the foreseeable or in the recent past. Is that story pretty much over or are there other leverage to pull to further improve margins?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think there is improved persistency. It helps our amortization. As we talked about, we can continue to improve persistency somewhat. Controlling our non-deferred acquisition costs that we were just talking about gives us some more opportunities, but I don't look for big changes in the margins. Pretty high they are and I don't know that we can increase some great deal.
Larry Hutchison: Before you hang up, I would just add Gary that that is, you're right, in 2012, we had a significant initiative as we really changed over to that variable cost model, where we had a big reduction to those non-deferred cost and then as we talked about the internet costs here in 2013. We really don't see significant movements in those non-deferred costs, as we have here those last couple of years.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: And then, switching gears to American Income and headcount there again. I guess I was a little surprised by going for 5% to 6% growth in headcount there given that you're coming out with a new initiative that pretty much is going to impact three full quarter of this year, and not very strong prior year results, so why wouldn't growth year be closer to 10% long-term range?
Larry Hutchison: The long-term range, I hope it is closer to 10%, but we just came out from a year in which agent growth was flat. We didn't have that kind of growth. Again, we tested these new initiatives at six offices, but we have 75 American Income offices that we've rolled this out into. And it's just too early to see the results of those initiatives. I think we'll have a better guidance in terms of agency growth at the end of the first quarter and at the second quarter. Again, we think the growth at American Income will be stronger in the third and fourth quarter. Some time in third quarter call, we'll see the real effects of these initiatives, and obviously the sales growth will attract the agent growth.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: I'm not sure whether you touched on this earlier, but could you talk about the Medicare supplement market, kind of how you see that playing out, given healthcare reform and Medicare Advantage of funding that sort of things. What do you think is coming over the next 12 months?
Larry Hutchison: Brian, you want to talk about the Medicare Advantage?
Brian Mitchell: We are confidently looking at various proposals that are coming about with regards to Medicare reform. It seems like every quarter, couple of trends a year, there are various proposals. The most recent had been put forth by Senate Finance, and those include to consider merging the part A, part B deductible, various reforms to the coverage, but nothing right now is firmed up. That is something that I continue to monitor almost daily.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: And I don't know whether you described sales outlook in that category for 2014. But are there any expectations that you can share?
Larry Hutchison: We are seeing strong Medicare supplemental growth in the individual market. This year we had about 20% growth in individual sales. It's harder to predict the group sales, those tend to be a little lumpier in a sense that they either get a large case or you don't, those tend to come in more in the fourth quarter than they do in the first quarter.
Gary Coleman: But Mark, overall, I think we're looking for growth somewhere between 10% and 20% as far as the Medicare supplemental sales, as Larry mentioned. The reason for the big range is we're just not sure what the group sales are going to be.
Frank Svoboda: And you'd ask about the Medicare Advantage and the Affordable Care Act. There are subsidies that are proposed to be eliminated. I don't know that we've actually seen that play out and what the effect of that is yet to Medicare Advantage.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Right. But presumably more positive when Medicare Advantage, if it is more restrained perhaps? That will be [multiple speakers].
Larry Hutchison: Yes.
Operator: And at this time, there are no other questions in queue. I'll turn it back to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Gary Coleman: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments. And we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, IR Gary Coleman - Co-CEO Larry Hutchison - Co-CEO Frank Svoboda - CFO Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Vincent Lui - Morningstar Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Erik Bass - Citi Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2012 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the second quarter was $133 million or $1.42 per share, a per share increase of 11% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $132 million or $1.43 per share a 5% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of September 30 was 15.6% and our book value per share was $37.60, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $40.97, a 9% decrease due to the impact of higher interest rates and the valuation of our fixed maturity portfolio. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $471 million and life underwriting margins increased 7% to $139 million. The growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth due to lower amortization on a deferred acquisition cost and the deferral of certain direct response Internet acquisition cost that had not been deferred prior to the second quarter 2013. The lower amortization rate is a result of improvements and persistency attributable to our ongoing conservation program and is incorporated in our guidance. Net life sales decreased 4% to $80 million. On the Health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, increased 23% to $209 million and health underwriting margin grew 19% to $50 million. Improvement in health premium and underwriting margin was due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage. Health sales increased 54% to $23 million also due primarily to the acquisition of Family Heritage. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on insurance operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First, lets discuss American Income, which generates approximately 46% of our net life sales. American Income's life premiums were up 8% to $181 million and life underwriting margin was also up 4% to $59 million. Net life sales decreased 10% for the quarter to $37 million. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 5,449 approximately the same as a year ago but down 2% during the quarter. We are disappointed with results for the third quarter at American Income. While the real driver of growth in this agency is going to be the development SGAs opening new offices, we did expect that the compensation changes made earlier this year would have had a more positive impact on sales and agent retention. We continue to modify and tweak the compensation systems and are confident that these changes, which are scheduled for January 1 implementation, will eventually generate improvement but our primary focus will be on opening new offices and the continual development of middle management to help ensure that we maintain a large pool of highly quality SGA candidates. We expect a net life sales decline for the full year 2013 within a range from 2% to 3%, but we expect sales growth in 2014 to be within the range 3% to 7% as the SGAs added in 2013 make an impact. Now, Direct Response, which generates approximately 42% of our life sales. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $164 million and life underwriting margin increased to 13% to $42 million. Net life sales were up 6% to $33 million. Response rates continue to improve slightly during the third quarter. We are seeing positive results on rate adjustments and higher face amount offerings on adult insurance products implemented during the second quarter. We expect low to mid-single digit net life sales growth for the full year 2013 and mid-single digit sales growth for 2014. Now, Liberty National. At Liberty National, life premiums declined to 2% to $69 million while life underwriting margin increased 3% to $19 million. Net life sales decreased 9% to $8 million while net health sales declined 6% to $4 million. Producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,320, down 6% from a year ago but 3% during the quarter. The turnaround at Liberty National has been a bit more difficult than we anticipated and we were disappointed with results for the quarter. While the transition to the new operating model and new mindset have been more challenging than expected of our traditional southeastern rural offices, we are pleased with progress of our geographic expansion. We opened four new offices in the second quarter, another in the third quarter and we plan to open two more this year. We are confident that expansion into more heavily populated, less penetrated areas will generate long term agency growth at Liberty beginning in 2014. We expect sales to decline within a range of 6% to 8% for the full year 2013, but expect to see low single-digit sales growth in 2014 as we start to see the benefits of geographic expansion. Now, Family Heritage. Health premiums were $48 million and health net sales were $11 million. Although results were slightly less than expected, we are still pleased with the integration of Family Heritage. We continue to implement our Internet recruiting system across the agency and believe that this will generate long-term sales growth as it becomes full incorporated. For 2013, we expect health premium incomes to range from $191 million to $192 million with margins as a percentage of health premium of about 18% to 20%. We expect sales of approximately $40 million -- $43 million to $45 million in 2013 and a mid-single-digit sales growth in 2014. Medicare Part D. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D declined 6% to $77 million while the underwriting margin increased 25% to $9 million. Part D sales for the quarter fell 58% to $9 million due to the decrease of low-income subsidized enrollees for 2013. We expect a decrease of approximately 4% to 5% in our Part D premiums for 2013 due primarily to price competition in the employer group market that we discussed on previous calls. However, we expect an increase in Part D sales and premiums in 2014 as we have qualified to receive new auto-enrollees in 15 regions in 2014, as compared to 7 in 2013. We will be better able to quantify that increase on our next call. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Coleman: To complete the discussion of insurance operations, administrative expenses were $45 million for the quarter, 11% more than a year ago. The increase is in line with our expectation and is due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage and an increase in pension cost. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses for full year 2013 should be around the same level as 2012. Now, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $54 million, a decline of $1 million or 2%; but a 2% increase on a per share basis from the third quarter of 2012. Decline in dollars is due to lower new money yield and the call of $467 million of hybrid securities since June 30, 2012. For the full year 2013, we expect the decline in excess investment income to be approximately 7% to 8%. However, reflecting the impact of share repurchases, we expect the decline in 2013 excess investment income per share to be around 3% compared to 2012. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $12.9 billion including $12.3 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $11.7 billion were investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds were $586 million, compared to $685 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.8%, compared to 6.3% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.5 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equities, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 17%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-, compared to BBB+ a year ago. In addition, in the portfolio, we have net unrealized gains of $489 million, compared to $1.6 billion a year ago. The decrease in net unrealized gains is due primarily to the recent increases in market interest rates rather than credit concerns. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $133 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.2%, an average rating of A and an average life of 30 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.91%, down 42 basis points from the 6.33% yield for the third quarter of 2012. The decline in the yield is due primarily to the addition of lower yielding Family Heritage portfolio and the calls of the bank hybrid securities since the second quarter of last year. As of today, we still hold approximately $76 million of bank hybrids that we expect to be called at some point. However, we have not yet received the notice of intent to call on any of these securities. If all $76 million of these securities are called the lost annual income related to these calls would be less than $1 million after tax. We are encouraged by the higher treasury rates due to the positive impact that higher interest rates would have on our excess investment income. Even at the current new money rate we would expect to see only modest declines in the portfolio yields over the next five years compared to the larger declines in recent years. This development is due primarily to the hybrid calls being behind us and the expected maturities coming from bonds with lower interest rates than in the past. Even sudden interest spike could be beneficial as we have very little The Center mediation risk and we are not concerned about the potential interest rate driven unrealized losses in our fixed maturity portfolio. As we have said many times, we have both the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our bonds to maturity. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the third quarter, we spent $85 million to buy 1.2 million Torchmark shares at an average cost of $70.45 per share. For the full year through September 30, we had spent $265 million of parent company cash to acquire 4.2 million shares at an average cost of $62.44 per share. The available liquid assets at the parent consist of assets on hand plus the expected free cash flow from operations. As we said before, free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. The parent entered the second quarter with liquid assets of $117 million. Assuming shareholder dividends remain at their current level, we expect free cash flow for the remainder of 2013 to be around $38 million. Along with the $117 million of liquid assets available as of September 30, the parent will have around $155 million of available liquid assets for the remainder of the year. Of this amount, we expect to retain approximate $55 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company.  As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of the remainder of the fund. So far in the fourth quarter, we have spent approximately $20.4 million to repurchase 284,000 shares at an average cost of $71.97. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current rating. For the last three years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. For 2013, we expect our net operating income within a range $5.68 per share to $5.72 per share. For 2014, we expect that our net operating income be within a range $6 per share to $6.40 per share. Those are our comments. We will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: I had a question first for Larry. May be if you can discuss the driver of the decline in the agent counter American Income during the quarter and what gives you comfort that the results are going to improve? And then, secondly on Part D expectations obviously you are approved in more regions for auto-enrollees next year than this year. But I don't think you should see a commensurate increase in like premiums in the business because I think the regions are going up to 15 from 8 but may be you could discuss how much of a pickup you should -- you are expecting?
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, in the third quarter the agent count didn't grow as you believe it would because the SGAs, our managers and agents have not responded as quickly as we had hoped to the compensation changes we initiated in the first or second quarter. We do believe we're going to have growth in 2014. In the first quarter we're going to have a new senior life product and a change in our compensation payment system, which should have a positive effect on agent activity. This compensation system change will result in agents being pretty more quickly, which should also help with agent retention. We also have a change in management compensation to tie bonuses to recruiting results and the senior product will allow agents utilize more of their leads. Part D if I heard your question correctly Jimmy I think you were asking for the guidance and what's going to happen.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Or just expectations because I think the number of regions already you enrolled is up almost twice as much next year versus this year but I think last year you had declined a lot but your premiums actually held up relatively well. So how it should be like -- should we expect a huge jump in premiums because of the increased number of regions that you had already enrolled in?
Larry Hutchison: I think the guidance we give at this time is we would expect the premiums for 2014 for Part D between a range of $330 million to $340 million as compared to approximately $300 million in 2012. We expect the margin of that business certainly to be between 9% and 11% 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: I wanted may be starting off with another question on American Incomes headcount and how it pertains to sales growth and if I understood correctly and in the past you talked about how the bottleneck been middle management there. And yet when I look at the how to say renewal agents those with at least one year experience that number has been actually been growing at a nice pace every quarter this year. So I'm wondering what else is going on there that's creating pressure on sales today?
Gary Coleman: Let's talk about middle management development first. Our middle management numbers really hasn't changed just beginning of the year because we haven't experienced growth in new agents. We just had fewer candidates to promote -- for promotion to management positions, that's slight decrease at the MGA level is in part because we opened eight new offices and we call that Florida MGAs and to open offices. So we would think we'll see the change next year as we pick up our agent recruiting that begins to increase. Also I'm going to add as far as the middle agents growing, that is the pattern that we expect when we talk about retention the fact that our retention is not as in the first year items especially the first six months that they are involved in and that's the retention figure that we're trying to improve.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So is the focus then more on these first year agents or is it still about growing the bench above potential middle management agents?
Larry Hutchison: It's both. We know we need to grow middle management; we have more SGAs to enlarge our offices or to expand our offices.
Gary Coleman: And it's also important to have the middle management to train the new agents properly. So I agree with Larry it's both the agents and the middle management.
Larry Hutchison: We talked about the compensation changes we initiated in the first and second quarter, those compensation changes you directed towards first your agents, what we're trying to do is get an agent that normally would have left in the third month who would may be leave in the fifth, sixth, or seventh month. So we get that additional production agent that cascades through those numbers. Your fourth, fifth, six month agents; so hopefully with these compensation changes they receive a bonus as they stay longer that will have more production from those first year agents.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So when you talk about these being somewhat disappointing results from your perspective is it disappointing on the first year agent growth or is the disappointment on the middle management? Thanks.
Gary Coleman: I'm disappointed at both levels. We have not had the first year agent growth we've expected because of lack of retention, which is not responding to these compensation changes. Likewise, we doesn't have the activity levels that we would expect from our managers in terms of recruiting and causing activities as they train those agents. That's why we changed the compensation, effective January 1st. So different compensation change, it ties, that managers bonuses to the activity of those first year agents and it also ties that bonus to recruiting new agents in the office.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank: And then, Liberty National. So if you're forecasting 1-6/8th [ph] sales declines for the full year that implies, call it 10%, 12% may be sales declines in the further quarter. So that seems like its still going the wrong direction. And I was curious a) why we're still moving in the opposite direction from the desired direction and b) how you get from there to a more positive environment in '14?
Gary Coleman:  We get there in two ways. First of all, agent productivity we think will come up in 2014. Agent productivity is slightly down as we just opened four offices in the last quarter, and we opened one this quarter and we opened seven more. We have more experienced agents. As those agents become more experienced with a higher level of productivity. The other change we've had at Liberty this year has been the limitation of a laptop. That rollout will be completed by the end of November and following that rollout, the laptop directors will begin to follow to make sure that all the officers are using the laptop effectively. I think we talked about in last call that change in that system actually is a little bit of a step backward. I would say that the other change is that as we've changed the culture we've changed the recruiting methodology of Liberty, some of the more experienced agents have liked the system and we think that downturn is now complete. We will start to build that agency count.
Gary Coleman: The other thing that I would add, you're right fourth quarter was -- is projected to be about 11% decrease but that's one it's a bad comparison. The fourth quarter of 2012 is by far their highest quarter from the issued standpoint. Well actually, it will be slight but we will see sequential increase in sales of Liberty in the fourth quarter, may be 1% to 2%.
Operator: And we will take a question from Sarah DeWitt from Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: American Income. Can you just elaborate on what were the compensation changes you made previously that have caused so much disruption this quarter and how does the new changes differ from the old ones and why does that give you so much confidence that that will be effective and we won't have an ongoing issue there?
Gary Coleman:  Well again, we were disappointed in third quarter because as I stated earlier, the SGAs, the managers and agents didn't respond as quickly we had hope to these compensation changes. You've to think about agency, it takes a while to institute a compensation change and have that flow through an agency. We will make a compensation change, as based on trends, we've seen six or eight months ago. We -- our sales management has experienced they were former SGAs, as they changed their management they first discussed that with field, we then test those management changes and then we have to see the implementation for retention bonuses, to see what effect as you all have retention bonus in the third quarter, it takes three, four or five months to begin to see the effects of that. And we're confident that there is only a positive impact, this has been slower to hit that agency. Early in the year, we have reduced some management bonuses. And you've to change your bonuses from time-to-time to keep the compensation system as an incentive to the direct behavior. There was a negative reaction to those reductions. And as we introduced the new management bonus system in January of 2014, Sarah we believe that will have an impact and will bring the activity and enthusiasm of that agency back to a normal level.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: And then, just switching share -- switching gears to share buyback. Is there a -- how do you think about the valuation there on buying back your stock? And is there a level at which you have to slow or sought share buyback?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Sarah we -- I think we talked about in the past. We all calculated intrinsic value what we think intrinsic value of the stock is and we monitor the actual price to that intrinsic value and that's a very important consideration as to whether we buy shares. If we felt we were fully valued, we would stop share repurchase and use that cash for other millions, but although, our intrinsic value is closer to -- or excuse me, our share price is closer to what we think fair value is, it's still not there yet. And we still think that the stock price or the stock is a goodbye, especially when you consider the risk adjusted return we get on share repurchases versus other alternatives that we can invest in. But we continually watch that and if we -- if the price gets to the point where we think it is fairly valued, we will look at other uses of the cash and part of it may -- our purpose is return the cash to the shareholders and we would -- it would be a board decision, but we might consider special dividend or whatever. But we just do not feel like we have gone to that point yet.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Okay. And how do you measure intrinsic value?
Frank Svoboda: Well, the method we have used for years is just without going into a lot of detail where you value the current equity and divide present value of future premiums or future income and I think we're fairly conservative with it. But we also talked to other people as to what bankers and all what they think the value is and we're -- and again we're not saying our values that we come up with is the best value. But what we do is we're constantly we've done this for years, compare the what tiers are actually trading to do it what that intrinsic value is has always been the less in net value and it hasn't gone to the point where the share price is at that value that intrinsic value. So that's what we still consider the stock repurchases the best use of cash.
Operator: And we'll take a question from Randy Binner from FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: I'm going to hit sales again but just from a different angle and with Torchmark we talk a lot about very kind of granular details on agents, recruiting, compensations, et cetera which I appreciate. But just kind of thinking mere more broadly AFLAC, U.S. CNO Financial two names I cover have seen, lower sales than what we thought would be over the last few quarters. And so I guess moving away from the specifics especially America Income more broadly is there something going on out there that's making it harder for agents to be successful. Is it the economy, gas prices? Is there kind of an external environment change that you're seeing in your business that might be part of the explanation for some of these sales challenges?
Gary Coleman: I don't think there is an overall trend of returning sales. I do think it's more difficult for agents today to set appointments and with the advent of the onset of do not call us as people moved away from landline phones to cell phones, it's hard for an agent to make appointments. But we've overcome that as we introduce new software that helps set appointments be more efficient in these calls.
Larry Hutchison: I think if you look at -- just look broader at American Income and if you go back and look at historical trends it's really unusual for American Income to have two very strong years in a row. If you go back in the last 10 years there are four years we have double-digit growth 17%, 18%, 18%, 12% growth. There's also years where we have negative growth. I can see years in that 10-year cycle we were down 9%, we were down to 8%, we were down this year projecting 2% to 3% following a double-digit growth year. What we do know is the accumulative growth is very strong and that your agency grows and your sales grow on a stair step pattern. So I think that's really what's going on in our mechanism.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: And I guess would the same comments by I was kind of talking probably about the dynamic to your Liberty, I mean same thing or to me that's a little bit different, right it's a more narrow, geographic set?
Gary Coleman: I would say Liberty is quite different. We restructured Liberty at the end of 2010 to a variable cost model. The current restructuring of Liberty is twofold. One is changing the culture of Liberty. There is a growth culture, not a production culture. The second change is what we talked about is geographic expansion. We know that we try to expand offices in the Southeast is probably not going to work based on the last 20 years experience. But we do know as we look at these new offices we can expand Liberty and say adapt the new systems for recruiting, for selling. We're seeing positive results in these new offices. So the future of Liberty is really a different future, which is expand outside of Southeast and to adopt these new systems.
Operator: And we have a question from Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Direct response. I guess, we'll go through sales again. I guess I was also surprised that were up 6% pretty easy comp, you have a new product with a kind of higher face value that should attract the different audience, what is going on there and what gives you the confidence that that should improve?
Gary Coleman: What we're thinking the fourth quarter growth the strong growth has to come from our adult insurance product rate implementation and our continued introduction of higher face offers, we have the internet inquiry fulfillments, some new packaging coming out. I remember at Globe when we talk about a rollout? There's not a single rollout. As we rollout the adult product we're doing further testing on packaging on rates and we see some further growth not just from the rollout as we tweak the packaging and the pricing that products will go forward. We feel very good about it worldwide and in 2014 sales results are projected.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Is there anything in these response rates that kind of has changed fundamentally?
Gary Coleman: No, as we said we saw a slight improvement in response rates in the third quarter. We saw noticeable increase in price of electronic campaigns, and all electronic circulation enquiries were about the same. But part of the response relates are tied to the economy. We're pleased that we're seeing some progress in economy on jobs; gas prices have been stable. So we think those are other improvements that help response rates.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: And then just on Family Heritage I guess I was surprised by the agent decline I was also surprised by the sales decline sequentially. Obviously this is a recent acquisition you're focused on changing the recruiting dynamics and focused on geographic expansion. Is this just part of the kind of the ongoing integration or there are anything that we need to be worried about on this?
Gary Coleman: Well I think that's part of the ongoing integration and you need to remember Family Heritage has just completed its first year under Torchmark after spending its first 23 years as a private company it takes some time for them to aciculate to our new recruiting system, You have different incentives. There are cultural changes. We think this is going to be a temporary adjustment and part of our optimism was based on the fact that Family Heritage has not lost as a single owner of any other agency, since been acquired by Torchmark. In fact we have had several agency owners this year; we think one of the positive impacts on 2014. The other change at Torchmark is we're going to provide Family Heritage with some additional product and marketing support through the fourth quarter of '13 into 2014, which should further help the results. But we're optimistic about some growth of Family Heritage in 2014.
Operator: And we have a question from Christopher Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted a follow-up on direct response. So there, any I guess numbers you can give us in terms of may be percentage of new sales that are above kind of the original 50,000 limit. So I guess sort of how should we be tracking the penetration of the higher face amount policy?
Larry Hutchison: Just so I don't have those specific numbers in front of me. I can tell you it's reflected in our guidance for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2013 and the 2014.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: And then I guess at this point how should we thinking about Liberty I think midyear, I think you talked about sort of being the most optimistic you've been in sometime around there and clearly the point to a laptop there's an opportunity. Has it just been just a slower implementation of the laptop strategy or I guess what's kind of derailed the stories as you know clearly restructuring took place during '12? And then do you still have the confidence that kind of 10% to 12% growth longer-term setting aside may be '14 still being a transition year, do you still feel like that's a metric you can achieve ?
Gary Coleman:
 : Remember at Liberty about half of those sales are in the workplace, and there is a new system introduced for workplace sales in terms of how you recruit to that, how you prospect on that, so it's taken most of 2013 to implement also the new work site selling system and we should see the benefit of that into 2014. And I probably have been too optimistic about Liberty. I'm optimistic about the long-term results as just it takes longer than we anticipate to change systems, change improving, and change culture in the company.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: And then lastly just the over six month retention rate in American Income where do we stand on that today?
Larry Hutchison: Are you talking about 13 months retentions for agents or?
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Larry Hutchison: I don't have the numbers in front of me. We look retention from first month to 13 month retention. And we're trying to convey that as you see the agency gradually grow or not grow. Off the top of head I can't tell you what that numbers for six month retention.
Gary Coleman: Well the 13 month retention is down a little bit but it I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. But we -- what we do know is that it's down because of we're losing in the third to sixth month at a greater rate than we had in the past.
Larry Hutchison: What I see, what I talk to Scott Smith, the President of the Company, and Rogers as the CEO, they're somewhat optimistic what they see is some uptick in recruiting numbers and the uptick in the recruits come through that pipeline those recruits turn into coded agents that are selling business. As you have more agents that are selling business your retention rate should do up. Generally optimistic based on the testing that they have done with the compensation changes I think we will see retention gradually increase starting in the first quarter of 2014.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: So the six months, is certainly being critical because I think just over half the sales come from agents that have been there longer than six months. So that's your focus and you think this commission structure will help address that kind of lower retention rate?
Larry Hutchison: If the commission structure addresses the retention remember there is two changes in the compensation system. The first is a bonus system that rewards longer retention. The second is a change in bonus levels that increases activity. As you increase activity of agents and you increase activity of managers it reflects on a higher retention rate.
Operator: And we have a question from Vincent Lui from Morningstar.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: Just want to go take a look at the investment portfolio. I notice that you've been gradually increasing the duration of bond portfolio from about 26 years to 29.7 years this quarter. Could you give some general comments on that? Is that -- is it a change in the strategy? Are you trying to position in some ways for rising rates in the future?
Gary Coleman: Vincent, there really hasn't been a change in strategy. A lot of it depends on what's available in the market. We do invest long as we talked about before because our policy liability is long. If you go back and look at the last -- really last four, five quarters, it varies because third quarter of last year we -- I think it was 23 years and it's been around 25, 26 I think 29.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: May be the highest --
Gary Coleman: It's just -- I think it's -- we haven't changed the strategy I just think that was what was available.
Operator: And we have a question from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: Question, it seems like some of the tweaks that you're making trying to get sales going or offering the agents are little bit more of the or the customers a little bit more and there's a tradeoff between margins and sales that you're balancing all the time. I mean, with margins very strong and sales a little bit disappointing. Now the changes you're making margin neutral or margin negative recognizing that new sales don't move the aggregate needle that much?
Larry Hutchison: Changes are margin neutral, Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: Margin neutral?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, margin neutral. The changes aren't just compensation. We recognize compensation as the biggest driver of agent activity and retention. There is also system changes. Now the lead mapping system I talked about makes those agents more effective so they have more presentations they can make in a week. Another positive we see within American Income they've increased their leads whole by 10% this year. That's a positive. We know that agents have more leads to set more appointments, have higher sales, that increases their income, they're going to stay with the company longer, hopefully transition in that management role. So there are systems, there are lead changes besides the compensation and we think are positive signs going towards the higher growth rate in 2014.
Gary Coleman: Well, Bob, we allowed -- we've always had bonuses and we allowed for bonuses in setting our pricing, our margins. It's really, what we're talking about is moving that margin money to incentivize different behavior; it's all part of our normal margin.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: And I didn't hear did you give your estimate for statutory earnings for 2013 and what the free cash flow for 2014 might be?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Gary, I will go ahead and take that. We did not give an estimate as far as statutory earnings was concerned for '13. We had not yet completed our third quarter statutory results. We do think that our RBC as of the end of the year should be roughly in line with where we were at the end of 2012. As far as our -- what's built into the kind of midpoint of our guidance for 2014, we are estimating free cash flow, stock buyback in the range of $360 million to $370 million.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: It's fair to say this would be a going statutory earnings year given the lack of credit issues that have hit the portfolio, is that a fair assumption?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, I mean investment income, there is still a drag on investment income just in general on the statutory just as you've seen GAAP side. So --
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: Right. I'm talking about credit losses arent giving like what you're modeling, I mean you allow for certain credit losses a year in your modeling --
Frank Svoboda: Yes, from a credit loss perspective, yes, it's been a very good year.
Gary Coleman: Bob, we will give better estimates when we do the full quarter call; we will have statutory information by then to give a better estimate.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: Okay. So a little guesstimate on how nine months is running versus a year ago, just a percentage increase?
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I really don't have that.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney: Ballpark?
Frank Svoboda: I really don't have that at this point.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take a question from Erik Bass from Citi.
Erik Bass - Citi: Just a question on productivity at American income. It looks like you just look at sales versus agent growth over the past year or so, the sales have lagged suggesting that productivity has declined, and can you just talk about what's driving this nearly some of it is probably mix of new hires. And so may be if you have any data on sort of how productivity is trending for agents with different amounts of experience?
Gary Coleman: Well, on overall if you look at per agent production in 2013 versus 2012, the per agent production has decreased in 2012 but only about 3% as compared to 2013. And as I stated earlier, I think part of that it's more difficult to set sales appointments from the telephone. To offset that difficulty we are making system changes. And productivity is tied to agent activity. As we see more agent activity we will see our productivity slightly rise.
Erik Bass - Citi: Okay. And maybe just another question on just how you view some of the new initiatives that competitors are rolling out to try to reach more middle income consumers, things like kiosks at Wal-Mart and whether you view that as a competitive threat? And I guess, just be interested in your opinion on kind of how much potential you think alternative distribution models have been in the lower-to-middle income segment of the market?
Larry Hutchison:  We do not see as a treat. What we know is we serve an underserved market and when we look across our distribution, what we are not seeing as any replacement activity from competitors. Also, we are the only agents in the home and we are a niche, I think of our union business. So there is not a competition issue for us as people try and seek the middle income market. Well, life insurance is something you have to sell across the kitchen table. So we will take a look at what (inaudible) kiosks but it not a product that sells itself. And so we are more comfortable to make sales projections looking at agency growth as the driver of production rather than bringing that new products for the completion. We are really a sales organization. Our focus is more in that sales organization to reach more of that middle income market.
Operator: And we have a question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Can you give us an estimate for excess investment income either on a absolute bases or per share basis for next year?
Gary Coleman:  Yeah, Mark, we are -- we guided declined in excess investment this -- income this year 7% to 8%, we are going to reverse that next year. And in dollar amount the excess investment should increase in the 7% to 8% range. And a good part of that is because we are going to see growth in investment income. The $467 million of hybrid calls had a tremendous impact reduction-wise on the 2013 income. As I mentioned earlier, that is behind us. So now the growth in -- and with the higher new money rates, the growth in investment income will not be as high as the growth in asset, but it's going to be much closer. So we will see growth in the income and our policy obligations, interest on policy obligations will grow in about the same range. And actually our interest on the debt calls will be lower. When you add all that together you will get to about a 7% to 8% increase in the midpoint of our guidance.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Yaron Kinar from Deutsche Bank.
Yaron Kinar - Deutsche Bank:  I had just one question on the 2014 sales guidance. Since a lot of it depends on the initiatives and the tweaks of existing initiatives, should we expect to the sales growth to be back-weighted next year or is it roughly even throughout the year?
Larry Hutchison: I think it will be a little bit back loaded because if you put in initiatives in the first quarter, you will see those pull through more in the second, third and fourth quarter and the first quarter, that would be our expectation. That's not true to direct response because those initiatives were started in the second and third quarter this year to do additional testing. We think we will see the same kind of road, kind of Globe Life in action that we saw this quarter and projected in the fourth quarter, so that is in our guidance.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And it appears we have no further question.
Gary Coleman:  All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments. And we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentleman that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Majors  VP, IR Gary Coleman  Co-CEO Larry Hutchison  Co-CEO Frank Svoboda  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Erik Bass  Citigroup John Nadel  Sterne, Agee, & Leach Mark Finkelstein  Evercore Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time Id like to turn the conference over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir you may begin.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman, Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer, and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2012 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the second quarter was $133 million or $0.42 per share, a per share increase of 9% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $134 million or $44 per share also a 9% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of June 30 was 15.6% and our book value per share was $36.73 a 2% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share remained flat $41.19. In our life insurance operations, the premium revenue grew 5% to $475 million and life underwriting margins increased 9% to $136 million. The growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth due to lower amortization of deferred acquisition costs and the deferral of certain great response and acquisition costs that previously have not been deferred. Lower amortization rate is a result of improvements and consistency attributable to our ongoing conservation program and is incorporated in our guidance for the full year. Brian will discuss the deferrable within the net cost in just a few minutes. Finishing life, net life sales increased 2% to $91 million. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, increased 23% to $280 million. And health underwriting margin grew 25% to $50 million. Improvement in health premium and underwriting margin was due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage. Health sales increased 88% to $24 million also due primarily to the acquisition of Family Heritage. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on insurance operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you Gary. First lets discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $178 million and life underwriting margin was also up 5% to $57 million. Net life sales increased 2% for the quarter to $41 million. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 5,540 up 4% from a year ago but down 1% during the quarter. Our net sales increased less than we expected for the second quarter we 1, 5.49 (inaudible). Were pleased the first quarter sales decline has reversed I believe this agency is moving in the right direction. American Income has had a long history of stair-step growth and continued adjustments have always been needed to ensure long term agency growth. We continue to make changes to address new agent retention and agent productivity. And were adding new SGAs in certain existing territories. We have large offices with solid growth rates. We expect sales growth for the full year 2013 to range from 3% to 6%. Now Direct Response. And our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $169 million and life underwriting margin increased to 24% to $43 million. Net life sales were up 3% to $40 million. Response rates began to improve during the second quarter and as we mentioned last quarter were confident that our new initiatives will help further increase response rates in 2013. We introduced rate adjustments and higher face amount offerings on adult products late in the second quarter. We expect mid-single-digit sales growth for the full year 2013. Now, Liberty National. At Liberty National, life premiums declined to 2% to $69 million while life underwriting was down 1% to $17 million. Net life sales grew 2% to $8 million while net health sales declined 5% to $3 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at a 1,283 down 5% from a year ago and down 7% during the quarter. While the agent count was down we continue to make progress with the turnaround at Liberty National as weve said many times this is going to be a slow process. The changes we had made have begun to improve agent productivity as life sales increased during the second quarter despite the decline in agent count. With regard to the agent count, geographic expansion into more urban areas is the key to growth of Liberty National. We opened four new offices in the second quarter and we plan to open three more this year. We expect this to generate long term agent and sales growth. Sales growth is expected to range from 2% to 5% for the full year 2013. Now, Family Heritage. Health premiums were $48 million and health net sales were $11 million. As we previously indicated, we intend to grow this agency through geographic expansion and implementation of our internet recruiting program. For 2013, we expect health premium income to range from $189 million to $193 million with margins as a percentage of health premium of about 18% to 20%. We expect sales of approximately $46 million to $48 million in 2013. Our sales guidance is slightly lower than before, this agency continues to show steady and sequential growth in the agent count and health sales for being integrated into Torchmark. Medicare Part D. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D declined 6% to $73 million, our underwriting margin decreased 1% to $8 million. Part D sales for the quarter fell 63% to $8 million due to the decrease in low-income subsidized enrollees for 2013. As weve mentioned before, we arent receiving as many new auto-enrollees under the low-income subsidy program in 2013 as we did in 2012, so we dont have the type of sales and premium growth we had in 2012. We expect a decrease of approximately 5% to 7% percent in our Part D premiums for 2013 due primarily to price competition in the employer group market that weve discussed previously. I would now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: To complete the discussion of insurance operations, administrative expenses were $44.1 million for the quarter, 11% more than the year ago. The increase is in line with our expectations and is due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses in 2013, should be around the same level as 2012. Now, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $55 million a decline of $8 million or 12%; 8% on a per share basis from the second quarter of 2012. These to clients, due to lower new money yield, and the call of $467 million to hybrid securities since June 30 of 2012. For the full year 2013, we expect the decline in excess investment income to be approximately 7% to 8%. However, reflecting the impact of share repurchases, we expect 2013 excess investment income per share to be down around 3% compared to 2012. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $12.8 billion, including $12.2 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $11.6 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-, and below investment grade bonds are $585 million, compared to $764 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.8% compared to 6.9% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 17%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-, compared to BBB+ a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $652 million compared to $1.2 billion a year ago. The decrease in unrealized gains is due to primarily to recent increases in market interest rates rather than credit concerns. Regarding investment yield, in the second quarter we invested $305 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.07% an average rating of A- and an average life of 26 years. The new money yield decrease is by the increase in treasure rates during the second quarter due to the following reasons. First on a one time basis we invested $43 million for Family Heritage in securities with shorter maturities than usual with asset liability management considerations. Had this money been invested longer term, the average yield on total acquisitions for the quarter would have been around 4.2%. Also contributing to a lower new money rates is that most of our investments we made early in quarter, the correction rates were actually lower than they were in the first quarter. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.95% down 48 basis points from the 6.43% yield in the second quarter 2012. Of this decline in yield, 14 basis points was due to the addition of Family Heritage and 13 basis was due to the $467 million of bank hybrids called since June 30 of 2012. On the last call we indicated that we still have approximately earned $59 million of bank hybrids expected to be called in 2013. In the second quarter $63 million were called. In addition weve determined another $20 million is now unlikely to be called, leaving $76 million of those bank hybrids that we expect to be called. As of today, we have now received a notice of intent to call on any of these securities. However, if all $76 million of these securities are called the lost annual income would be approximately $1 million after tax. On past analyst calls we have discussed the details of the current low interest rate environment and the impact of a lower for longer rate scenario. As discussed our concern regarding an extended period of low interest rates is an impact on earnings not the GAAP or statutory balance sheets. Even so Torchmark would continue to earn a substantial excess investment income in an extended lower interest rate environment. We are encouraged by the recent increase in treasure rates due to the positive impact that higher interest rates will have on our excess investment income. Even certain interest rates buy to be beneficial as we have very little this intermediation risk and were not concerned about substantial interest rate driven unrealized losses in our fixed maturity portfolio. As we have said many times we have both the intent, more importantly the ability to hold our bonds in maturities. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets: In the second quarter, we spent $90 million to buy 1.43 million Torchmark shares at an average cost of $62.77 per share. For the full year through June 30th we have spent $180 million dollars of parent company cash to acquire three million shares at an average cost of $59.26 per share. The available liquid assets at the parent consists of assets on hand plus the expected free cash flow from operations. As weve said before, free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. The Parent entered the second quarter with liquid assets of $138 million including $94 million that has been invested to redeem our senior notes that mature on August 1st, 2013. Assuming shareholder dividends remain at the current level, we expect free cash flow for the remainder of 2013 to be around $206 million. Along with the $138 million of liquid assets available as of June 30th the parent will have around $344 million of available liquid assets for the remainder of the year. As previously noted, $94 million of these assets will be used to redeem our senior notes on August 1st and we expect to utilize approximately $20 million in other financing activities. Leaving the Parent with around $230 million of liquid assets for the remainder of the year. Of this amount we expect to retain approximately $50 million at the Parent company. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the remainder of the funds. Now, Regarding RBC at our Insurance Subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last three years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Now, before I turn the call back to Larry, I would like to briefly make just a couple of comments relating to the change in the treatment of certain direct response acquisition expenses. During the second quarter we began deferring direct response advertising costs related to our internet campaign. As weve discussed on prior calls direct response advertising cost quality for deferral treatment provided certain requirements in the accounting literature are met. One of these requirements is that we maintain detailed historical data to support a probable future benefit of the advertising. We initiated our direct response advertising through the web around 2007. Those at the time of our adoption to new accounting guidance related to the treatment of acquisition expenses in 2011. We did not have sufficient historical data to adequately support deferral of this internet related costs. We have been building on that data since 2011 and now have developed sufficient historical data to firmly support the deferral of these costs going forward. As a result of this change non-deferred to acquisition expenses related to direct response decreased approximately $4 million to $1.6 million in the second quarter. Or do about 1% of our direct response premium. For the third and fourth quarters we anticipate that the amount of non-deferred acquisition expenses for direct response will be approximately the same as in the second quarter resulting in approximately $12 million less in non-deferred acquisition expenses for the full year of 2013. This reduction will be offset by an increase in amortization expense over the year of approximately $1 million due to the addition of deferred expenses resulting in a net $11million reduction in total direct response acquisition expenses. For the full year 2013, we estimate that our underwriting margin for direct response will be approximately 25% as compared to the 23% in 2012. Overall, the effect of the change net of the increased amortization and net of income taxes was to increase our second quarter earnings per share by approximately $2.05 and has been reflected in our revised guidance. Those are my comments, I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2013, we expect our net operating income will be within a range $5.60 per share to $5.75 per share. Those are our comments for this morning. We will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question will come from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. First I had a question on just the agent count, it had begun to recover and this quarter dropped at both American Income and Liberty National, Liberty is actually been down for two consecutive quarters. So the first one is just whats going on there, whats driving that. And then secondly, are you still comfortable that you could achieve your sales growth targets if the agent count doesnt begin to pick up? And then another question just on your expectations for Part D enrollments in 2014 and what type of products are you planning and now youre expecting a pickup in auto-enrollees next year.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, this is Larry, Ill address Liberty National first. As our new systems were implemented. We just found that agents did not meet the new activity levels required and those agents lapped the agency also a new training process is of Liberty National and the implementation and the lifetime presentation for individual sales, enrollment of its agents, but managers recruiting that within the first six months for 2013. Our guidance for agent relative at Liberty National is a yearend we believe the agent count at Liberty National is between 1400 and 1500 agents. At American Income, what we found is our initiatives to improve agent retention did not give us the desire results as quickly as wed hoped. Also our agent (inaudible) 0:02:45.5, needed to achieve double digit agents sales growth in the second quarter. Again we have initiatives that are changing at Liberty National and American Income, our guidance for agent growth is the year end agent count at American Income should be in the range of 5,800 to 6,000 agents. In terms Part D in 2014, Jimmy its really too early to really give a guidance on 2014 Part D sales, weve submitted our bid, but we dont see the results of those bids until October- November of this year.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: And then just maybe one more Family Heritage, you had the company for a few quarters now, what if then sort of the positives or negatives versus what you might have assumed initially and then whats your longer-term expectation for growth of that business.
Larry Hutchison: At Family Heritage the integration is going very well. Weve not lost a single agency director since the acquisition. Our internet recruiting system is coming on line at all agencies, and Family Heritage sales directors are now familiar with the system and they can manage their resume volume, in addition in response to the growth were seeing at Family Heritage. Weve had a full time recruiting director to manage internet recruiting at Family Heritage. And Family Heritage is also we had a director of agency development, its important for agency directors. Jimmy, this year weve added approximately nine new agency directors, and again to avoid confusion in the call we talk about agency directors at Family Heritage, also the SGAs, those are the managers and other two systems for [recent term] sales director that means the new agency he had within Family Heritage. But with those  with that, with the increase in agency counts that we see sequentially, we think there is a good growth prospects at Family Heritage
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Erik Bass from Citi.
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Hi, good morning, thank you. I was hoping you could talk little bit about competition both in the life and health businesses. And the life side youre seeing more insurers beginning to focus on the middle market consumers. They are often using different distribution than you are. Im just wondering are you seeing that your customers have more options for purchasing insurance than had historically. And then on the health side, Ive also seen increased focus on supplemental products from some insurers and is there been any noticeable impact on pricing there?
Larry Hutchison: With respect to life insurance weve not seen any impact of other insurers entering the middle income market. We are still seeing and we make presentations in our customers homes, were the only agent in their home. And were not seeing any replacement activity that results from those sales. The second question I believe was health insurance. And again they are not health insurance went to niche with Family Heritage they operate in basically rural areas. And were the only agent in this home making presentations metric supplement obviously is very competitive market, although weve seen good growth in our Medicare supplement sales, energy distribution. Health sales for the new independent agents which is primary Medicare supplement growth, 17% in the quarter, and we think for the year within that agency were going to have double digit sales growth in the independent agents size slow double digit sales growth to be 9% or 10% in that range. But again we are not seeing competition affect our sales.
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Okay, thanks, thats helpful. And then just one American, you mentioned that you added some more SGAs this quarter and the opportunity to add, additional SGAs and sort of slower growth market, so just wondering what is your, and kind of what is the opportunity to add there and how much middle management capacity do you have currently to fill those roles
Larry Hutchison: Oh we seen theres pretty good middle management capacity because we really focused on middle management and American Income over the last two years. As we stated on the call, and on January 1st, 2013 our SGA count was 64, weve added the eight SGAs in the second quarter we selected the SGAs in second quarter that measured probably 72. We anticipate by year-end 2013 will be at 75 SGAs, not a good guidance from last year but its our expectation that wed be having additional SGAs next year and those areas where we dont have high growth rates, were going to have plenty of lease, we have resumes to recruit agents who will be adding additional SGAs
Erik Bass  Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee, & Leach: I think its still good morning in Texas, good morning. And the question, I guess you two places where I want to focus. One, obviously some challenges at Liberty, but really wanted to more focus on American Income and agent count growth. So the target for year-end is largely unchanged right, despite some pressure in 2Q. And I guess Im just wondering if you could just help us understand where your confidence comes from like what are the specific efforts that have been put in place, or can you talk it also any sort of progress in July that helps us feel better about the turnaround there.
Larry Hutchison: John, this is Larry again its really not July progress that were focused on, the reason were expecting the stronger third and fourth quarter is because the changes that we introduced in the first and second quarter really focused on increased agent activities. And we have compensation changes with progress on field agent retention. We think those are going to have a greater impact on the third and fourth quarter. The other change at American Income is the starting in August, were going to introduce another compensation change at the agent level, but we balanced this level to the agents lets say a longer retention, exercises we talk about agent retention. Were not talking about 12 month agent retention, were talking about increased agent retention in the third and fourth and fifth and sixth months through the 12 months.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee, & Leach: Understand, okay. And then I am sorry I might ask you later.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, John, I was just going to add that yeah we as Larry alluded to, we had to make adjustments along the way. Yeah, couple of years ago we identified getting agents to level where they were getting the top bonus as it mean to growing agency and what we found is that we were getting there is supervision trying to get them to the top bonus level but we werent staying with them or helping them to stay at their level and so that contributed to the lower retention levels. The things that Larry pointed out specially bonus at the agent level to  as they improve their tenure I think will help not only to get them  we dont have to as to get them to the level they need to be able to stay there in order to while we make it to the fourth (inaudible) they could make it about half way through the year they have a much better chance of making it through the four year.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee, & Leach: Okay understood and then really nice rebound in direct response this quarter I know that last quarter you had talked about some initiatives there. Maybe you could help us understand sort of whats  where the success was. And in particular I know that you had talked about introducing through Globe the opportunity for higher face amounts on the life insurance side and Im wondering if you have any success with the higher face amount product?
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry Ill answer that two parts. The first is really, regarding response rates overall, direct response some improvement in response rates in the second quarter was frequent down a little bit the demand in June we really didnt see an improvement in response rates the circulation enquiries. But we did see a significant increase of response rates for our email campaigns and our mailing response rates were much better in the second quarter than the first quarter 2013 with the final quarter of 2012. So were definitely seeing overall increase in response rates. I think your other question is really the rollout of our rates in our adult products and there were seeing good early results. And thats reflected in our guidance for the third and fourth quarters of 2013.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee, & Leach: Okay very good thank you very much.
Operator: Well now go to a question by Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore: Good morning. I actually want to go back to American Income as well. I guess Im just trying to put the mosaic together the sales outlook was moved from 10% to 14% down to about, 3% to 6% or whatever the number was. But you really arent changing the outlook on agents for the year. I think you said last quarter 5900 and 6000 now you are 5800 to 6000. Why that sizable drop in sales given that the agent counters just because of the impact of the second quarter in the kind of the steeper ramp to getting back to that aging count or is there something else going on?
Larry Hutchison: Mark just think about 2012 versus 2013 these two years have evolved very differently. In 2012 American Income had an 18% first quarter year-over-year and 8% first quarter and then we really saw sales as agent sales have dropped to the third and fourth quarters. We sold out the year with 11%. If you look at American Income we have a negative first quarter with a 2% first quarter. So youre looking at fairly strong third and fourth quarters to still reach that range of 3% to 6%. The reason we think were going to be able to grow this agency in 3% to 6% range is these initiatives and compensation the activity models are going to take hold in the third and fourth quarter and well see better results. Additionally if we add these additional SGAs that will start to boost some of the sales, some of the agent activity in the second half of 2013.
Gary Coleman: Excuse me. I would add to that I think in our previous guidance we anticipated the increase in production for agent that we didnt see in the second quarter. Its going to take us little bit longer to get to that productivity level. So I think thats why you may see that same number of agents but not quite most productive.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore: Okay and then just on the direct response deferral of certain cost related to internet distribution I guess just to  Im surprised to see that this change kind of fully result in the decline in and just a quick why is that and so thats a change in estimate its not a change in accounting principle is that right?
Gary Coleman: Thats correct. Thats right.
Frank Svoboda: Okay is it a change in estimate that will be applied on a going forward basis.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore: Okay so as the  as this build up in the deferral occurs on the amortization the impact will kind of slowly ease but it will take a very long time for that to happen essentially.
Frank Svoboda: Correct yeah youll see generally maybe about an 8% of the, in your first year cost will result in increase in amortization at first year and then it will be spread out over a long period of time as the premiums are collected on that business.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore: Okay alright thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question will come from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah thank you very much. Is there any opportunity for other expenses to be deferred where you might not have adequate track records?
Larry Hutchison: Yes but you could at some point down the road.
Gary Coleman: Were always taking a look to see to look at the various expenses that we have in valuating them at this point in time there are none that we youd see were focusing on like we have been here on these internet expenses in building that historical track record.
Larry Hutchison: Yeah Mark I would add that we took a really hard look at that this and some of the agency expenses back in 2011 and I dont know that we  weve seen more expenses that we can move from non-deferral to deferral there. The difference was direct response was those the deferral comes under the advertising cost rule. And those are a little bit harder to say as Frank said you really have to develop information over a long period of time. I really kind of think this is part of the last and direct response because most of the other expenses we had are non-deferred to mostly salaries at Wal-Mart these people that it can be or something I think we were set now thats how we got our expenses defined.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Hey good morning thanks. I just want to follow-up on that deferral thing I apologize I missed this. What is the nature of the data thats changed or youve been able to gather that, that leads you to have a better deferral view on the internet. What is it that youve captured in the data that changes that view?
Gary Coleman: What you have to do is develop enough of the historical data that shows that the expenses that youre incurring of advertising expenses that you have, result in the probable future benefit that actually exceeded the amount of expense. So you have to be able to show that the, yes so expenses result in sales and that you have overall a profit margin relating from those particular activities but theyre really very similar to what we do in the insert media and these cost rates essentially the same other than rather than being in the print. These are electronic type and so at this point in time its going to reach, wed now have just, weve got enough history, weve got a full five years under our belt if you will and the analysis of the data we can, we are very comfortable that we can fully support that we do in fact have this probable future benefit of profit.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Is that probable future benefits over the whole scope of that activity right thats not is it do you think they kind of hit a certain profit margin before you can say all of this activity is profitable. Because there is a lot of, there is a lot of initiative that go out that dont have the result of a successful sales. Is it like a profit margin hurdle, is that what the hurdle is?
Gary Coleman: Not as much of a profit margin hurdle as much as there is with the overall activity it can be shown to be that will in fact be profitable over a long period of time.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay interesting but similar to what you were able to achieve over the years with the print media thats the, thats kind of the philosophy of that?
Gary Coleman: Exactly.
Larry Hutchison: Yeah Mark we have when we applied this in 2011we had many years of experience drawn focused mail side and also the internet media side. Its just that its internet its got just really started up we just didnt have the data there. And we probably have that and I will add to the prior question. You did have to show a profit margin to be able to defer the expenses because youve got to be able to show that you can recover that DAC over time so it is, there is a little bit of a hurdle there from the profit margin side.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Yeah I appreciate that just, Im more interest in it because we need the accruals. And just one other clean up question and then I apologize to you if I missed this. But Gary did you lay out kind of what the new money yield was this quarter and if you could compare that to over your last quarter Id be interested in that?
Larry Hutchison: Id mentioned earlier that our new money rate 4.07% for the quarter part of that reason it was lower than it was in the first quarter was the fact that we had to invest new money short at Family Heritage, one time assets liability matching thing. We really would have expected to have a higher rate than its already got us to 420 it would invest those that many long. We were expected to have a little bit higher rate but we happen to invest our money in like the first six or seven weeks of the quarter when present rates were lower than they were in the first quarter. So we missed the increase in the treasury rates later in the second quarter. But we expect that going forward were going to invest and obviously grow to 4.07% and in our guidance will last throughout the year were built-in that we would be investing at four and three quarters percent.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Is that four and three quarters. Thats perfect thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks I had two questions one on Liberty National you talked about it being a gradual process can you kind of revisit what your long term goals would be for growth and agent count and sales?
Frank Svoboda: Our long term growth for agent count at Liberty National as we think it is stable year-on-year our major growth were about 10%. And we know to do that we need to expand our geographic number of offices as I mentioned that we opened four new offices second quarter were going to, between now and then in the year were going to open traditional three offices those thing our office growth is really dependent upon we develop middle management we will expand geographically.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it thanks. And secondly your premium growth in life accelerated a bit year-over-year maybe and then part of on your conservation efforts whats in the vision in your full year 2013 guidance for life premium?
Frank Svoboda: See I think were looking between 4% to 5% and I think we will roll over 5% during the quarter but I think over the four would be four to five.
Unidentified Analyst: Great thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Eric Berg with RBC. Hello Mr. Berg were unable to hear you.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Could you hear me now?
Operator: Yes we could thank you.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Alright. Thank you Im sorry I had my phone on mute and just have this one question. The profitability of Family Heritage continues to be on the health side of course materially less than the overall underwriting margin in your health business. Now I know that was anticipated when you acquired the company last November. But whats the outlook there and in particular do you see profitability the true profitability numbers moving closer overtime?
Frank Svoboda: Eric were looking at a margin around 19%, 18% to 20% for the year. Thats what we expected for this type of business. And we dont expect that to change overtime. We  one thing we could  thats not reflected in the other item margin is we get a more investment income on this business because as youll remember a lot of this is where we have a refund to premium. Future after 20 years so now were happy with this margin and I dont see it moving up we need to match it more than the other products.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Is the margin on  is the margin on its supplemental health business as opposed to your Medicare business similar to that on the legacy towards market your existing supplemental medical margin?
Frank Svoboda: Eric Im not sure did you say it came by Family Heritage as supplemental 
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Yes Im trying to compare the profitability of Family Heritage supplemental medical business profitability to the profitability of the supplemental medical business of Torchmark other distribution agencies.
Frank Svoboda: I would say its, its notable that higher than the non-med sup business in our other lines. It obviously is between its  its more towards the Medicare supplement than it is non-med so
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Alright then thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question will come from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. Most asked just one question regarding I guess M&A pipeline and you changed the buyback strategy just to be a bit more I guess conservative and consistent in terms of when youve been in the market. But is anything out there in terms of M&A that is enticing to you guys or can you remind us just what your potential actions would be in terms of what youd be looking for obviously some form of captive distribution but both maybe U.S. as well as internationally?
Larry Hutchison: Chris it really hasnt change over what we talked about before we do in type of companies that we would be interested in acquiring are companies that add capital to our controlled distribution it could be agencies or direct response. That are in the middle income market and selling products similar to what were doing in the other are the lines of  those are  thats the, to talk of insurance that were comfortable with and we want to sell. And I would say its going to be primarily domestic at least in what were seeing. Were still looking (inaudible) report any different from last quarter well continue to look as I mentioned before were very pleased in buying the Family Heritage. And well be on the lookout for a company similar to that because thats what were interested in, were not interested in companies in other lines of business. Its  we want more of the type of businesses we already have.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay and is there a certain size deal youd like to try and find?
Larry Hutchison: Well as I mentioned before we, we do wish that the Family Heritage may be have been little bit bigger we can  theres no particular size Id say there are meters of limit to how much we can go but each deal with paying out so 
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And at this time we have no further questions in the queue and Ill turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments. And we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Majors  VP, IR Gary Coleman  Co-CEO Larry Hutchison  Co-CEO Frank Svoboda  EVP and CFO Brian Mitchell  EVP and General Counsel
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Sarah DeWitt  Barclays Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates Eric Aboaf  Citi Jeff Schuman  KBW Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Mark Hughes  SunTrust Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets John Nadel  Sterne, Agee Seth Weiss  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Vincent Lui  Morningstar 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mike Major, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2012 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Ill now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the first quarter was $132 million or $1.39 per share, a per share increase of 9% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $120 million or $1.27 per share, also a 9% increase on a per-share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity for the first quarter was 15.6%, and our book value per share was $35.98, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share grew 20% to $45.88. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $471 million, and Life underwriting margins increased 6% to $133 million. The growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth due to the lower amortization of our deferred acquisition costs. The lower amortization rate is a result of improvements and persistency attributable to our ongoing conservation program and is incorporated in our guidance for the full-year. Net Life sales decreased 4% to $85 million. On the Health side, premium revenue excluding Part D increased 23% to $222 million, and Health underwriting margin grew 25% to $50 million. Improvement in the Health underwriting margin was due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage. Health sales increased 57% to $24 million. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the insurance operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First lets discuss American Income. At American Income, Life premiums were up 9% to $174 million and Life underwriting margin was also up 7% to $56 million. Net Life sales decreased 3% for the quarter to $38 million. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 5,612, up 10% from a year ago, and up 8% during the quarter. While net sales decreased in the first quarter, we are very pleased overall with the progress that continues to be made at American Income. Trends have been very positive since the beginning of March, and we expect sales growth for the full-year 2013 to range from 10% to 14%. Now Direct Response. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, Life premiums were up 4% to $168 million and Life underwriting margin increased 1% to $39 million. Net Life sales were down 5% to $37 million. However the new business written in the first quarter of 2013 at a profit margin approximately 1% to 2% higher than the year ago quarter. Response rates continued to be lower than normal in the first quarter. We believe this is possibly due to the state of the economy as the expiration of the payroll tax credit had a significant impact on the pocket book of the families in our target market. However as we indicated on our fourth quarter call, its not unusual to have fluctuations like this from time to time in Direct Response. Based on positive test results, we are confident that our 2003 initiatives will help increase response rates in 2013, and we still expect mid single-digit sales growth in 2013. These initiatives include rate adjustments and higher face amount offerings on adult products. Now Liberty National. At Liberty National, Life premiums declined 2% to $70 million, while Life underwriting margin was up 10% to $19 million. Net Life sales fell 4% to $7 million, while net Health sales declined 13% to $3 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,375 up 8% from a year ago, but down 3% during the quarter. While the agent count was down sequentially in the first quarter, we continue to be pleased with the progress being made in turning around Liberty National. As weve said many times this is slow process, and agency growth tends to occur and a stair step pattern. We continue to work to change the culture of this agency. The implementation of the laptop presentation is occurring a little more slowly than we expected, but steady progress is being made. With respect to geographic expansion we will be opening four new offices over the next 90 days, and we are optimistic that agent growth will continue going forward. Sales growth is expected to range from 4% to 8% for the full-year 2013. Family Heritage. Health premiums were $46 million and Health net sales were down $11 million. As we previously indicated, we intend to grow this agency through geographic expansion and implementation of our Internet recruiting program. For 2013 we expect premium income to range from $188 million to $196 million with margins as a percentage of Health premium of about 19% to 20%. We expect sales of approximately $48 million to $50 million in 2013. Medicare Part D. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 4% to $77 million, while the underwriting margin increased 2% to $8 million. Part D sales for the quarter fell 65% to $9 million due to the decrease in low income subsidized enrollees for 2013. As weve mentioned before, we wont receive as many new auto enrollees under the low income subsidy program in 2013 as we did in 2012. We wont have the same type of sales and premium growth we had in 2012. We expect a decrease of approximately 5% to 7% in our Part D premiums for 2013, due primarily to price competition in employer group market that we discussed previously. Ill now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Coleman: To complete the insurance operations, administrative expenses were $43.9 million for the quarter, 8% more than a year ago quarter. The increase is in line with our expectations and is primarily due to the addition of Family Heritage. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses in 2013 should be around the same level as 2012. Now I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt, was $56 million, a decline of $8 million or 13%, 6% on a per-share basis from the first quarter of 2012. Sequentially, excess investment income was essentially level with the fourth quarter Due to lower new money rates and the possible calls of hybrid securities, we expect excess investment income in 2013 to decrease approximately 7% to 8%. However, reflecting the impact of share repurchases, we expect 2013 excess investment income per share to be down around 2% compared to 2012. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets are $12.7 billion, including $12.1 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $11.5 billion are investment grade, with an average rating of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $573 million compared to $585 million at the end of the last quarter and $723 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds with fixed maturities is 4.7% compared to 6.5% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of around 3.5 times, the percentage of big bonds to equity excluding net unrealized gains of fixed maturities is 17%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, the same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.5 billion, compared to $873 million a year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $387 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.31%, an average rating of BBB plus, and an average life of 27 years. Over the last five quarters, the yield on new investments has averaged 4.3%. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 6%, down 47 basis points from the 6.47% yield in the first quarter 2012. Of this decline in yield, 14 basis points is due to the addition of Family Heritage and 8 basis points is due to the $300 million of bank hybrids called in the third quarter of 2012. On the last call, we indicated that we held approximately $225 million of bank hybrids that we expected to be called in 2013. In the first quarter, $66 million were called, leaving $159 million of those securities in the portfolio as of March 31. As of today, we have not received a notice of intent to call on any of these securities. However, if all $159 million of these securities are called and assuming a 4.25% reinvestment rate, the lost annual income related to these calls will be approximately $3 million after-tax. On past analyst calls, we have discussed in detail the current low interest rate environment and the impact of a lower or longer rate scenario. As discussed, our concern regarding an extended period of low interest rates continues to be the impact on earnings, not the GAAP or statutory balance sheets. As long as we are in this low interest-rate environment, the portfolio yield will continue to decline and thus pressure excess investment income. However, the decline will be slowed by the fact that, on average, only 2% to 3% of fixed maturities will run off each year over the next five years, and that assumes the calls of the bank hybrids previously discussed. Assuming a new money rate of 4.25% for next five years, we estimate that the portfolio yield exiting the 2017 would be around 5.55%. Assuming a 4% new money rate, the portfolio yield would be around 5 basis points lower or 5.5%. At these rates, we would earn a small spread on the net policy liabilities while earning the full 550 to 555 basis points on our equity, less the interest required to service our debt. In either scenario, we will still generate substantial excess investment income. Now I will turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the first quarter, we spent $90 million to buy 1.6 million Torchmark shares. So far in April, we have used another $20 million to buy another 345,000 shares. So for the full year through today, we have spent $110 million of parent company cash to acquire 1.9 million shares. The available liquid assets at the parent consist of assets on hand, plus the expected free cash flow from operations. As weve said before, free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from its subsidiaries, less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. The parent started the first quarter with liquid assets of $147 million, including $94 million that has been invested to redeem our senior notes that mature on August 1, 2013. This leaves approximately $53 million of liquid assets available for other corporate purposes. Assuming shareholder dividends remain at the $0.17 per share level approved by the Board in its February meeting, we expect free cash flow for all of 2013 to be around $360 million. Along with the $53 million of liquid assets available as of the beginning of the year, the parent will have around $413 million of available liquid assets for the full year. As of today, after deducting the $110 million of year-to-date share repurchases, the parent will have around $303 million available between now and the end of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of the remainder of the fund. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last three years, that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities, and our ratings. At December 31, 2012, consolidated RBC was 347% and adjusted capital was approximately $95 million in excess of that required for the target of 325% consolidated ratio. Now before I turn the call back to Larry, Id like to briefly make just a couple of comments relating to the addition of Family Heritage. On our last call, we indicated our expectation for Family Heritage to contribute between $0.16 and $0.20 per share to our 2013 net operating earnings after tax incremental financing costs. At this time, we believe Family Heritages contribution to our operating earnings per share to be close to the midpoint of that range. Those are my comments. Ill now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Before I give guidance I went to be sure that I correctly stated the Health premiums and Health net sales for Family Heritage. The Health premiums were $46 million and Health net sales were $11 million. For 2013, we expect our net operating income will be within a range of $5.50 per share to $5.75 per share. This guidance incorporates the underwriting improvements Gary discussed earlier. Those are our comments for this morning. We will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will hear first from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning. I have a couple of questions. First on American Income, if I look at life insurance sales, theyve actually gotten weaker the last few quarters, even though the agent count has actually been growing. So wanted to just get an idea on whats been driving that and what drove the decline this quarter. And Direct Response, I think you mentioned you expect mid to single-digit sales growth for this year. If we look at the last several quarters sales even there have, over the last five quarters, gotten progressively worse and the economy is still the way it was two or three months ago. So it doesnt seem like  it seems like its trended in the wrong direction. But what gives you the comfort that sales for this year will be within what your range is?
Larry Hutchison: Well, Jimmy, as you know, at American Income, sales are directly related to the number of agents in the field. And if you look at the agent count of American Income at the end of the fourth quarter was 5,176. At the end of the first-quarter the agent count was up 5,612 but the increase did not occur until the latter part of the quarter. Whats driving the surge towards the end of the quarter is that we changed our mid-level manager compensation in the fourth quarter of 2012. And we did that to reward increased agent retention rather than simply agent recruitment. This change resulted in both the focus and the compensation for our field managers; thats why weve seen an improvement in agent retention in March, its taken several months for that change to be embraced by the field. I guess in the short run the compensation change probably hurt our recruiting efforts in the fourth and the first quarter; over the longer period of time, we believe the compensation change will result in an increased agent count. With respect to Globe Life, our confidence that well have single-digit growth this year is based on our initiatives for 2013. Those will include rate adjustments and higher face amount offering on adult products. Our test results for the rates and face amounts have been positive and thats what we believe will drive the growth for Globe Life and Accident Insurance company.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay, and if I could just ask one more, on Liberty National, the agent count had actually been recovering a little bit and then declined this quarter, anything specific that drove that?
Larry Hutchison: I think what drove it this quarter is that at the end of the fourth quarter, beginning of the first quarter middle managements focus was on year-end open enrollments on our worksite division; that takes their focus off recruiting in the fourth quarter and created a slight decline in the agent count.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: And you still expect it to grow over the next few quarters, though?
Larry Hutchison: Yes, our guidance for agent growth for the year is we believe at the end of 2013 at Liberty National the agent count should be between 1,750 and 1,850 agents.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well hear next from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt  Barclays: Hi, good morning. Im just following up on Liberty National, could you just elaborate on what gives you the confidence that you can hit your updated full year sales target there and then longer-term when do you think you get back to double-digit sales growth in that channel?
Larry Hutchison: I think double-digit sales growth at Liberty National will come fairly slowly. I think it would be another 16, 18, 20 months before we have that kind of sales growth. Two changes occurred at Liberty National this quarter. The first is a systems change and we just changed the work week, business is now turned on Monday for the previous week rather than Friday afternoon. This encourages our agent to sell products over the weekend. We find at American Income about 40% of our new business is written on the weekend; although we dont anticipate a 40% increase in sales at Liberty, we do think this will have a positive response. But secondly, were looking at some geographic expansion. Were planning in the next 90 days to open 4 new offices in areas outside our traditional markets, Sarah. Virginia, Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma are likely to be expansion sites for these offices.
Gary Coleman: Sarah, I might add that weve given guidance of 4% to 8% growth for the year in sales at Liberty and we had a 4% decline in the first quarter. Well see double-digit growth in the second half of the year, but thats based on low comparisons from the prior year. I agree with Larry, for us to sustain 10% growth its going to take a longer period of time. But a key to that was just what Larry mentioned, the opening of new offices in more urban areas where theres more  a higher population where theres more opportunity to recruit agents as well as have customers.
Sarah DeWitt  Barclays: Okay, great, thanks. And then just on American Income and Direct sales, how should we be thinking about the trajectory of those sales as we go through the rest of the year, particularly given your comments about some of the changes of manager compensation at American Income?
Larry Hutchison: I think the trajectory of the sales at American Income would be high single digit in the second quarter. And youd probably see double-digit sales growth in the third and possibly into the fourth quarter. But for the year, again, our guidance is were going to see sales of 10% to 14% and well see agent growth continuing throughout 2013.
Gary Coleman: Direct Response, in the second quarter were looking for low single-digit increase with double-digit increases in the second half of the year.
Sarah DeWitt  Barclays: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. And well hear next from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning, everybody. Question I want to ask is, on the Direct Response, the initiatives that youre taking. You mentioned premium rates, Larry, my assumption here would be that youre looking to lower them?
Larry Hutchison: Yes. What we do with testing is we try different premium rates and based our own experience we know that if we lower certain rates well have higher response rates and so youll write a more profitable block of business.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Does that  well, thats an interesting thing. So would we assume that  obviously its lower rates, you would think that the margin would be lower than what you wrote in the first quarter. But then you just said more profitable business, thats a little bit confusing?
Larry Hutchison: Well, the lower rates, we get a better response rate and so we issue more policies. So we  although the premium rate for policy is down, the issue of a greater number of policies gives us more revenue to spread our acquisition costs over.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. So lower loss ratio, but better expense ratio. And then on the higher face values, is that a  are you raising the minimum or are you just adding on top of that?
Larry Hutchison: Were adding on top of that.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Larry Hutchison: Talking about a larger face amount thats offered to the customer.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: And where are you now, that ceiling, and where you going?
Larry Hutchison: Were planning to roll this out at the end of May, if I understand your question, youre asking where were going? This will be rolled out at the end of May, the first part of June. Is that your question, Steven?
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: No, no. I meant like the face value today is X and youre going to Y, the maximum.
Gary Coleman: On the high side for us today its about $50,000, so here we think we can move up toward $100,000.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. All right. Okay. Very interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And well hear next from Eric Aboaf with Citi.
Eric Aboaf  Citi: Hi, good morning. Just a couple things, I guess. On Liberty, just one thing, if you could give maybe a little bit more color on the reception of the changes that youve made, kind of over the past year to make the business more akin to American Income? And kind of how have you seen maybe the productivity changing since making those changes?
Larry Hutchison: Well, the change at Liberty to make it more like American Income is a variable cost model. Starting in 2012, all the agents we hired are independent contractors. As we promote agents through the system, they become middle management, they become branch managers, theyre paid strictly on commission. And so its quite a different system, Eric, but they are really entrepreneurs and theyre running their business. And the other system change is certainly the recruiting systems have changed, theyre like American Income. Another big change has been the introduction of the laptop and were installing the entire process into Liberty National agencies. Itll take all of 2013 to install that laptop system. The laptop is not just the technology of youre selling with a laptop, it changes your recruiting systems, your lead systems, it changes your training systems. So its quite a system change that youre introducing into that agency. At the end of the process we think its a much stronger process; you have better data to manage with, you have stronger sales presentations by the agents, and because theyre better trained, it helps productivity because youll have a higher face per sale at the end of the process.
Eric Aboaf  Citi: Okay. And then just one other general question. Youve mentioned the impact of the economy and the payroll tax credit specifically related to Direct Response. But given your target customer base kind of across channels, do you think theres any impact from the economy more broadly on sales trends through your agent sold business as well?
Larry Hutchison: I think its less impact on the agent sold business because the agent is sitting across the kitchen table explaining that need. With Direct Response theres less contact; youre reaching simply through the mail. We dont think in the long-term itll have a negative effect upon the sales, but it may be more contacts are needed to complete the sale of the Direct Response system.
Eric Aboaf  Citi: Okay, so youre not seeing the pressure on the wallet of the individuals leading to a tougher sales environment for the agents, is it still need driven?
Larry Hutchison: Its need driven  as we look at our laptop data, Im not seeing a difference in closing rates that comes through that laptop data.
Eric Aboaf  Citi: Okay, thank you. Thats helpful.
Operator: And well take our next question comes from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Thanks, good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about conservation. You started these initiatives a few years ago, its clear that youre realizing some results. I was wondering if you can give us a sense of  have you kind of fully at this point achieved what you thought you would have achieved or is there still maybe more upside there? And then Im also wondering whether the economy negatively is impacting conservation, just as it is in sales in some channels and whether, if that eases at some point, whether that could provide some upside?
Larry Hutchison: Well, first of all, Jeff, this year, we will have about $250 million of lapsed premium; well conserve around $36 million of that premium, and I think last year was around $30 million, and the year before that, when we first got started, it was less than $15 million. I dont think weve reached the max. We, as a matter fact, in looking forward, we see it increasing. I dont know if it will increase a great deal more. At the $36 million this year, were conserving 14% of the lapses and we may see that percentage go up, but not a great deal. As far as from the economy side, I would think an improving economy would help in the program, but we really dont have any feel for right now what the impact of the economy is.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay. And then on the risk-based capital, youre somewhat above your 325% target. As you pull ordinary dividends, will that tend to draw you down towards the 325% or is there may be at some point the potential to contemplate a small extraordinary dividend?
Frank Svoboda: Gary, you want me to take that?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, go ahead.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, as we  Jeff, as we do take out some of the dividends over the course of the year that will tend to bring it down some. Our initial projections show a decrease in that excess or shows a little bit of a decrease in that excess. At this point in time, we are not  we have no immediate plans to distribute any of that as we take a look at the funding needs for the various growth initiatives that we have down at the subsidiary levels. We probably should have a little bit better idea of that later on here in the year.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay. Thats it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And well hear next from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Great. Thank you. I just wanted to follow up again on sales, just a couple more details. First, American Income, I just want to make sure I understand this correctly  with the middle management kind of disruption, I guess, or distraction that happened with the compensation shift in the fourth quarter. Is that a situation where you changed the way they were paid and that caused them to not focus as much on recruiting or it caused them to leave and now that youve kind of solidified that base of middle managers they can focus on recruiting again, or is it just theyre now more focused on recruiting because thats how theyre getting paid?
Larry Hutchison: Well, the change in compensation is to reward the middle manager for the length of service of the agent. So the compensation change is that  part of that compensation is based on the retention of the new agent  were trying to extend the agent life from 3 or 4 months to 4, 5, and 6 months. I think that changes the focus of the middle manager a little bit because youre not so concerned about an agent in the first 3 months, youre concerned about an agent in the first 6, 7, or 8 months. So thats the intent, but anytime you change compensation of an agency and change focus of the agency, it generally has a negative short-term impact on recruiting.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. So it wasnt that you lost these individuals, its just that they werent as focused on kind of near term recruiting and that kind of hit sales because there werent as many?
Larry Hutchison: Randy, the real issue were trying to address is were not concerned with losing middle-management so much as losing entry-level agents. And since we changed compensations, we changed our systems. Were trying to encourage better training and better retention of the agents.
Gary Coleman: Yeah in addition to that, another change to go along with that is that we were probably promoting agents too early in the past. And so now weve lengthened the time from which an agent, a new agent, can get promoted to entry-level management. And thatll make them a better manager and that will help in the training and recruiting of the new agents and the bonus we have will help with the retention of new agents. But again the key is not only recruiting agents, but getting them to stay longer.
Larry Hutchison: Right. Great. And Randy, specifically what we did is in the past we were picking agents and putting them into entry level management sometimes early as 15 to 30 days. In the fourth quarter we corrected that and its now  theyre not promoted until a 90 day period. That allows a new agent to focus entirely on sales field experience in their first 90 days. And were seeing a positive result of that. In March we saw a greater number of managers that were successfully recruiting and supervising new agents when we compare that to March of 2012.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. So the March trend thats better is the recruiting effort, not necessarily the sales effort yet.
Larry Hutchison: Well if you have more agents you have greater sales so of course that goes hand-in-hand. What were really seeing in March is better retention of the new agents, and were seeing a greater recruiting effort in the middle management.
Gary Coleman: And it didnt translate into production. I think Larry mentioned earlier, the agent growth came late in the quarter. 70% of the agent growth in the first quarter really came in the last two to three weeks of the quarter. So we should see the impact starting next quarter.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: You said 70% of it was in last two or three weeks?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Seven zero, okay, wow, okay. And then just one more on Globe. Can you just remind us of the test? The test results you run in Globe like, how broad are those? And how good a predictor have those been in the past of how those are going to perform?
Larry Hutchison: Very good predictors. At any point in time, Chuck Hudson and his group are testing five, six, seven different tests. And based on those test results, they have a high confidence level that when they roll out that full program, that the full program will have the same results as the test results. Whats been a little different is some of these response rates have been lower in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. We think those response rates will return to normal and be reflective of the test results that were seeing.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. One more if I can, the short-term debt is going up on the balance sheet. And this is unrelated to sales, but are you all using a little bit more commercial paper. Is that what were seeing with short-term debt?
Frank Svoboda: Yes during the first quarter we did have an increase in the commercial paper, which is not atypical for the first quarter of the year, as were awaiting for the dividends to be able to come in from the insurance subsidiaries. So we do need some of the  an increase in the short-term. At the current time, its back down to $233 million as of today. Was just kind of a little bit of a timing thing there at the end of the quarter as far as the actual balance is concerned.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And well hear next from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Good morning, McKinney. Wanted to talk about Family Heritage, it looks like you lowered your premium assumption for the year, but raised your margin, what are the dynamics that are going? These werent big changes and it looks like if you multiply it out its $0.5 million more of underwriting income if you take the midpoint of the ranges. But whats driving the premiums down a little bit and the margin up?
Larry Hutchison: Have to drill the sales down a little bit. Lets talk about sales activity first. Sales activity in the first quarter was less than projected, because we had a decline in recruiting activity early in the quarter. If you look at the agent numbers actually we ended the quarter with slightly higher agent numbers. We didnt see that in January into early February.
Gary Coleman: Yeah and Bob I think really, as far as the premiums, the bigger thing is, is that I think our projection was a little higher in the fourth quarter than it shouldve been. We just have better numbers to work with. Frank, why dont you talk about the changes in the margin or the premiums?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah and part of that, Gary, goes hand-in-hand, part of the decrease in the premiums was a improvement if you will in the modeling, given that the newness of the block of business and the acquisition still looking at getting the modeling of that business out so it resulted a little bit in a lower premium. At the end of the day, we have a little bit of a lower obligation margin on it as well. So the margin we expect to still be slight improvement in that, even though the net underwriting income is approximately the same as what we had originally projected. Youre seeing that margin move from a little under 19% to somewhere in between 19% and 20%.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: Fairly stable going forward.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I guess I understand that. It looks like the underlying margin in Health widened 100 bps year-over-year, this has been a trend thats been in place despite the fact you had more 20% margin in the mix for the Family Heritage, which while its more than we thought it was going to be its less than your total. So it looks like theres something positive going on in the rest of the book on the margin front. Anything worth noting or just a blip in the quarter?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think one thing worth noting is in the Liberty National Health side, if you compare first quarter this year to last year, the claims were down significantly. First quarter 2012, we had  the ratio was 58.4%; that was the high for the year. We ended the year at policy obligations of 57%, but still the first quarter this year is low at 55.5%. Part of that is maybe seasonal, but the major part of that is that weve got a large cancer block that were having improving claims experience. So for the year, it looks like that ratio should hold somewhere between 55% and 57%, which is lower than last year, which means that for Liberty we could pick up 1 percentage point in the margin for this year for Liberty Health. There was  on the American Income Health, there was  we had lower claims there, but thats something that was mainly because we had a high first quarter last year. Its really the Liberty National Health where we saw the biggest improvement in the margin.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. So I guess what youre saying is the Health margin in Q1 ex-Family Heritage was a little bit better than normalized, because of LNL, but still better than you thought it was going to be, too.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Somewhere in between where you thought and this quarters the right underlying margin.
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I got it. And last question, a lot of noise and crosscurrents going on in Medicare Advantage and were sitting around waiting for Med submarket to improve as this gets depopulated, but I guess we keep moving the ball down the field. Is there anything really important we need to know thinking about...?
Larry Hutchison: Brian, why dont to try and answer Bobs question?
Brian Mitchell: Yes, sir. Were looking at numerous proposals that are  that come out, it seems like almost weekly from Washington from both sides of aisle as to how to change, restructure Medicare. Theres so many proposals that have come about that its really been difficult to project what theyre likely to settle on. One week it seems like the two sides are merging together and then the next theyll be farther apart. It is something that were tracking, along with the funding constraints for Medicare Advantage. I think theres been some noise and news on that in the last week or so as well. So its something we look at regularly, but at this point its just not pinned down on whats going to happen.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay, so were at least a year away from an improving  a dramatically improving Med sub environment, or could it be closer than that?
Larry Hutchison: No, I think we think itd be a year away because additional enrollments would probably start next October.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Right.
Larry Hutchison: Between now and next October we dont see much movement. And in the fourth quarter we should have a clearer picture of whats going to happen with Medicare Advantage enrollments.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Right. Okay. I want my candy now but I guess I can wait a little bit. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And well take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you. Good morning. On the Med Supp sales, on that same topic, you had good momentum in the fourth quarter, not quite as much momentum here in Q1. I dont know if you touched on this earlier in the call, but any meaningful changes there?
Larry Hutchison: Mark, I think what drives the Med Supp sales in the first quarter and somewhat in the fourth quarter are the group sales. If you look at the individual sales in the first quarter, I think those had strong growth, it was the group sales that were off. And I think in prior calls someone described it as kind of lumpy events, that we tend to either get groups or we dont get groups, so it comes in bunches or it comes in lumps. I think for the year were projecting a 10% increase in Med Supp sales. And well have a better idea of that actually in the fourth quarter, because thats when most of those group sales come through for Med Supp.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Got you. And then you had provided an estimate for the year-end head count at Liberty National. Can you provide the same sort of a forecast for American Income?
Larry Hutchison: 100 agents to 6,000 agents.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Paul Sarran with Evercore Partners.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Hi good morning.
Larry Hutchison: Morning, Paul.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Think you mentioned at Direct Response the margin on your sales this quarter was 1% to 2% better than the margin on sales in the quarter a year ago. How does that compare to margin on the overall in-force?
Larry Hutchison: I dont think I have that number in front of me. It was higher than the overall in-force but I cant tell you how much.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Okay. And then just a quick questions on buybacks. How does the stock price or the valuation of your stock influence your thinking in terms of use of cash for buybacks or timing?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah Paul  go ahead, Gary.
Gary Coleman: Well first of all  okay I was going to say, Paul, first of all, on an overall basis were constantly looking at what the shares are trading for versus what we think the value of the stock is. And although our PE is improved, especially over the 2008-2009 period, we still think  buy. Now as far as on a quarterly basis, as far as our share repurchases, I know years ago we used to concentrate more on the first part of the year. Our thoughts over the last couple years is really to spread it out over the year. We spent $90 million the first quarter this year versus $90 million last year. One example Ill give you is we went to second quarter of 2012, we doubled up and spent $180 million, thats because there was a softness in the market price during the quarter. Our present plans are concerned with the stock price as it is today. Well spread the rest of our share repurchases fairly evenly over the year. However, we have the ability to react quickly, and if the share price does fall at any point in time, we can step in and buy more.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And well take our next question from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. I just had one question regarding your Health business. I hear or Ive heard that the Health business margins were modestly better than you expected in the quarter, but premiums are not growing and it seems that the in-force is not growing, at least thats what appears to be the case. Would you agree with that characterization or disagree? And more importantly, what is the future of your Health business? Do you see it as a growing business over time? Thats my one question. Thank you.
Larry Hutchison: Lets address the last part of the question first. In terms of our future in the Health business, potentially in this segment were talking about Part D. I think we see that as an opportunistic market. We are currently strong for 2014. And its hard to predict or we dont plan on growth in Part D necessarily. Our non-Medicare business, we certainly see growth there with the addition of Family Heritage; as we grow that agency, that business will grow. Additionally as Liberty National grows in the Worksite well see a growth in those Health sales. For Medicare Supplement, as we talked earlier in the call, its difficult to see what the future of Medicare Supplement is. Its tied somewhat to Medicare Advantage disenrollments. And if we had a clearer picture of the actual disenrollments, itd be easier for us to predict how much our Medicare Supplement business will grow in the individual market. Certainly a great deal of our growth through Medicare Supplement has come through our Group business, and we continue to try and grow our Group Medicare Supplement business.
Gary Coleman: Eric, also Ill add that one thing thats contributed to the decline in premiums over the last 4 or 5 years, we had a very large hospital block in Liberty National that we stopped selling business, that business has been running off and its just about gone. So that drag wont be there going forward.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And well take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to revisit the discussion on the bank hybrids. It kind of went pretty quick on what was called, what hasnt been called, how much is left. And I just also wanted to see if you could just tie that in to whats assumed in your guidance range?
Gary Coleman: Okay, John, we  coming into the quarter we had $225 million of bank hybrids that were likely to be called. We have some more, but theyre either  theyre not callable or theyre may call calls which were not concerned about.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee: Got it.
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Theres $225 million that were concerned about being called. During the quarter, $66 million of those bonds were called...
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Gary Coleman: And that leaves us $159 million of exposure. And as I mentioned earlier, we havent received any notice that these bonds are going to be called as of the current day. Were a little surprised that they havent been, but well wait and see. For guidance purposes, were running different scenarios and within the range we considered all of them being called to none of them being called. But as I mentioned, I think, if all of them got called, the after-tax impact on an annual basis would be $3 million. So built into the guidance is somewhere between $0 and $3 million.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee: Perfect. Everything else has been asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And well take our next question from Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi, thanks a lot. Just one quick question on Liberty and the margins there. In terms of the new office expansion, is this going to have any impact to margins that we should watch out for in the second quarter or is it all passed along to the branch offices?
Larry Hutchison: This is a variable cost model, so as we open those branches, the branch manager is responsible for the office rent, the leads, any office expenses are borne by the agency, not the company.
Seth Weiss  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks. And just in terms of the 4% to 8% of sales expansion, how much do you attribute to these  to this new expansion versus more organic growth?
Larry Hutchison: More of the growth will be organic growth because it takes a few months for a new office to recruit and build up its sales force. But its really long-term growth were talking about as the need to expand geographically outside our traditional markets.
Seth Weiss  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Yeah, most addressed. I guess, the comments you guys made in terms of the potential to accelerate deployment if theres a softness in the price, would that be the same kind of mechanism that we saw last year and then I guess some in 1Q in terms of the commercial paper borrowing and then getting the dividends up, maybe in the subsequent quarters?
Larry Hutchison: Yes...
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Or do you have enough capital at the subs to do that? I guess on the quarterly basis.
Gary Coleman: Well, the thing is, what were  the dividends that are coming up to the companies or  are coming through the companies are based on last years earnings. We know were going to get those dividends. We also know the timing, if we want to accelerate repurchases, youre right, we would probably use commercial paper, but that would be very short term because that paper would only be outstanding until we got the dividend money up to pay that off. And thats what we did last year is we borrowed a little extra in the second quarter to expand our share repurchases and then the latter part of the year we didnt buy as much and we used the funds to pay back the short-term debt.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Yes, okay. And then the Family Heritage acquisition. I mean, from an M&A standpoint, can you comment at all in terms of kind of appetite and if theres anything else out there or are you kind of just focused really on this acquisition now?
Gary Coleman: Well, we would like to find another Family Heritage, maybe a little bit bigger. Were  our approach hasnt changed. Weve always been looking for a company that has controlled distribution, thats selling in the middle income market. And although Family Heritage sells Health, we prefer Life. But still were very happy with Family Heritage. Well continue to look, but as we said before, theres just not many of these type companies out there. And Family Heritage was a little bit of a surprise to us, and were glad we were able to get it. Were looking, but its an ongoing process, but its tough, because theres just not that many type of companies out there on the market.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah Chris, one thing I would just add to that is that it really is key for us to be looking for somebody with that captive distribution, and thats  a lot of the opportunities that come across to us do not have that type of distribution. Theyll have an independent distribution associated with them and not something that were trying to expand into.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then the last question, just in terms of  I guess the Supplement last quarter within Family Heritage, you guys had a different agent count, you guys had 1,160 versus kind of the restated number for year-end this year of 702. Can you just talk a little bit about what the difference is and why the restatement of agent count?
Larry Hutchison: I think it was  this is Larry, it was restated because wed gotten better information from the company as to what are active agents and we try to have a uniform definition among the Torchmark companies how we define an active agent. There was really no change. We havent had departures from the agency. Whats really changed is the definition of an active agent.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. So that kind of 40% difference is just agents that are actively selling the Family Heritage product?
Larry Hutchison: Weve changed the definition so that its an agent thats actively sold in the last 60 days. Thats consistent among the companies.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And at this time, we do have one question remaining the queue. (Operator Instructions) Well take our next question from Vincent Lui with Morningstar.
Vincent Lui  Morningstar: Hi, good morning. Just a quick follow-up on Direct Response. If you look at the statistics, you basically achieved like 40% of sales form and out mailer and insert media piece. And about 60% after six months. And the 60% stayed pretty safe over time. And just curious to hear your thoughts in terms of the impact of the Direct Response initiative you mentioned on the pace of sales generation? Any change to the statistics going forward as you can see?
Gary Coleman: If youre asking about our new initiatives and the pace at which itll increase production, were really  as far as the rate adjustments and the higher pace, now so it wont be rolled out till mid to late second quarter. So itll be the second half of the year before we see an impact on the sales.
Vincent Lui  Morningstar: Okay. But does the pace really matter from an accounting standpoint or just  I mean just some interesting statistics you keep track of?
Gary Coleman: Im not sure I understand the question.
Vincent Lui  Morningstar: Well so the distribution here is about 40% in four months, 50% in five months and then 60% after six months, right? And then I would assume the 40% in the second half of the year, as the effectiveness of the insert basically loses effectiveness over time. When you have this new initiatives, you probably change the distribution somewhat. And  but from a sales and from a sales recognition standpoint, if you look at the whole year, doesnt really change a thing, does it?
Gary Coleman: As far as adding the new initiatives, I dont think it would change. I think youre talking about the percentages of the lag time on which we receive new business.
Vincent Lui  Morningstar: Right.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, I dont think this will change those lag times. I mean these products arent so different. Its just that what Im saying is its going to provide additional production just because were providing products either right when  before or were replacing them. So its incremental production, but as far as a lag, I think it will probably be about the same.
Vincent Lui  Morningstar: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Mike Majors: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And this does conclude todays Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Majors - VP, Investor Relations Gary Coleman - Co-Chief Executive Officer Larry Hutchison - Co-Chief Executive Officer Frank Svoboda - Chief Financial Officer Brian Mitchell - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mark Hughes - SunTrust Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets Randy Binner - FBR John Nadel - Sterne Agee Vincent Lui - Morningstar
Operator:  Good day, and welcome to Torchmark Corporations Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations of Torchmark Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman, and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2011 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Ill now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman:  Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $127 million or $1.33 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $151 million or $1.58 per share, a 32% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized costs, our return on equity for 2012 was 15.5% and our book value per share was $35.24, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share grew 21% to $45.85. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $452 million and life underwriting margins increased 9% to $129 million. Net life sales increased 3% to $83 million. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D increased 13% to $203 million and health underwriting margin improved 10% to $45 million. Health sales increased 67% to $35 million. Ill now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the insurance operations.
Larry Hutchison:  Thank you, Gary. First, lets discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $171 million and life underwriting margin was also up 16% to $57 million. Net life sales increased 8% for the quarter to $40 million. The producing agent count at the end of fourth quarter was 5,176, up 18% from a year ago but down 5% during the quarter. Were very pleased overall with the progress made at American Income in 2012. The agent count decreased during the fourth quarter is not surprising as American Incomes agent count typically decreases in the fourth quarter. We also had increased terminations resulting from the big growth spurt we had in the early part of 2012. Were excited about the companys future prospects and we expect sales growth for 2013 to range from 10% to 14%. Now, Direct Response, our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 5% to $153 million and life underwriting margin increased 6% to $34 million. Net life sales were down 4% to $32 million, however for the year life sales were up 3%. In addition, the business we grew was more profitable. Response rates were lower than anticipated in the fourth quarter. We believe this is possibly due to the state of the economy, however it is not unusually a fluctuations (Inaudible) from time to time in Direct Response. We are confident that our 2003 initiatives will help increase response rates in 2013 and we expect mid-single digit sales growth in 2013. Now, Liberty National, Liberty National life premiums declined 2% to $69 million, while life underwriting margin was up 14% to $20 million. Net life sales grew 3% to $9 million, and net health sales declined 12% to $4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,419, up 6% from the year ago. We are pleased with the progress weve made in turning around our producing agent counts and sales at Liberty National. We continue to work to change the culture of this agency. Were optimistic that agent growth will continue going forward and we expect sales growth to range from 8% to 12% for 2013. Family Heritage, our results improved two months in our Family Heritage operations as we completed the acquisition on November 1. Health premiums were $30 million and health net sales were $7 million. We are also excited about the growth potential of Family Heritages health business. We intend to grow this agency this geographic expansion and the implementation of our internet recruiting program. For 2013, we expect premium income to range from $195 million to $205 million, with margins as a percentage of the health premium about 18% to 19%. We expect health sales to be approximately $50 million to $53 million in 2013, a growth rate of 5% to 9% over 2012. Medicare Part D, premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 73% to $84 million while the underwriting margin increased 49% to $10 million. Part D sales for the quarter fell 53% to $46 million due to the decrease in lower income subsidized enrollees for 2013. As we dont expect as many new auto enrollees under the income subsidy program in 2013 as we had in 2012, we wont have a type of sales and premium growth we had in 2012. We expect a decrease of approximately 5% to 7% in our Part D premiums for 2013 due primarily to price competition in the full year group market. Ill now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Coleman:  Thanks, Larry. To complete the insurance operations, administrative expenses were $44.5 million for the quarter, 8% more than a year ago quarter. The increase is due primarily to the addition of Family Heritage and the 2012 expiration of a third party agreement under which we received reimbursement for providing administrative services. For 2013 we expect a 6.5% to 7.5% increase in administrative expenses with most of the increase due to the acquisition of Family Heritage. However as a percent of premium, administrative expenses will be around the same level as 2012. Now, Ill spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income, excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest or net policy liabilities and debt was $56 million, a decline of $8 million or 13%, 6% decline on a per share basis from the fourth quarter of 2011. Sequentially excess investment income was down $1 million from the third quarter. Due to expected calls, hybrid securities, and lower new money rates we expect excess investment income in 2013 to decrease approximately 6.5% to 7.5%. However, reflecting the impact of share repurchases, we expect 2013 excess investment income per share to be down 1% to 2% compared to 2012. Now regarding the investment portfolio, investment assets are $12.5 billion, including $12 billion of fixed maturities at amortized costs. There is no exposure to European sovereign debt and there are no commercial mortgage backed securities or securities backed by sub-prime or Alt-A mortgages. Of the fixed maturities, $11.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus and below investment grade bonds are $585 million, compared to $685 million at the end of the third quarter and $701 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.9% compared to 6.3% at September 30 and 6.4% a year ago. The $100 million decline in the fourth quarter is due primarily to calls at sales. With the portfolio leverage of 3.5 times, the percentage of big bonds to equity excluding net annualized gains with fixed maturities is 17%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio was rated A minus, the same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.6 billion, compared to $964 million a year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the fourth quarter we invested $729 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility sectors. Large amount of fourth quarter acquisitions is due to the reinvestment of proceeds from bonds called in the third quarter, as well as bonds sold for tax purposes. In order to get the excess cash invested in a timely manner we temporarily lowered our yield requirements resulting in an average annual effective yield of 4.05%. However, I want to note that we did not lower our credit quality standards. If we had invested a normal amount of cash during the fourth quarter our average annual effective yield would have been around 4.25%. As such, our guidance for 2013 assumes the new money raised at 4.25%. The average rating for fourth quarter acquisitions is BBB plus and the average life of 27 years. For the year, we invested $1.5 billion at an average yield of 4.3% in an average rating of BBB plus. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 6.2% compared to 6.52% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Excluding Family Heritage, the yield on the portfolio at December 31 is 6.19%. Including the Family Heritage portfolio of lower yielding government securities, the yield on the total portfolio at December 31st is 15 basis points lower or 6.04%. By the way, the addition of Family Heritage results in a similar 15 basis point reduction and the overall yield on the net policy liabilities at December 31, reducing net yield to 5.52%. On the last call, we indicated that we still have approximately $300 million of bank hybrids that could be called. In the fourth quarter, $38 million were called leaving $262 million of those securities in the portfolio at year-end. Excluding $37 million that we assume will not be called this year, we have $225 million of hybrids that we expect to be called in 2013. Of this amount, we know for certain that $66 million will be called in the first quarter and for guidance purposes, we assume that the remaining $159 million will be called by the end of the first quarter. Assuming a 4.25% reinvestment rate, the lost annual income related to the $225 million of recalls would be approximately $3.7 million after-tax in 2013 and $4.4 million after-tax on an annual basis going forward. On past analyst calls weve discussed the current low interest rate environment and the impact of a lower, longer rate scenario. Our concern regarding an extended period of low interest rates continues to be the impact on earnings, not the balance sheet. As long as we are in this lower interest rate environment, the portfolio yield will continue to decline and thus pressure excess investment income. However, the decline will be slowed by the fact that on average, only 2% to 3% of fixed maturities will run off each year over the next five years and that assumes a call of the bank hybrids that we previously discussed. In the fourth quarter, we updated our stress test assuming a new money rate of 4.25% for the next five years, and determine that the portfolio yield at the end of 2017 would be around 5.55%. Assuming a 4% new money rate, the portfolio yield at the end of 2017 will only be around five basis points lower at 5.50%. At these rates, we would earn a small spread on the policy liabilities, while earning the full 550 to 555 basis points on our equity less the interest required to service debt. In this scenario it will still generate substantial excess investment income. As I mentioned, an extended low interest rate environment impacts our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we dont see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet as a result of our cash flow testing indicates that our reserves are more than adequate to compensate for lower interest rates. Now, Ill turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the fourth quarter, we spent $42 million to buy 844,000 Torchmark shares. For the full year we have spent $360.5 million of parent company cash to acquire 7.5 million shares. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $147 million, including $94 million that has been invested to be used for the redemption of our senior notes that mature on August 1, 2013, or at an earlier time if opportunities to repurchase the notes become available. This leaves the parent with $53 million of liquid assets available for other corporate needs. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2013. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent and the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2012 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized and assuming shareholder dividends remain at the current level, we expect free cash flow in 2013 to be in the range of $355 million to $365 million. Thus, including the $53 million available from assets on hand we will have approximately $408 million to $418 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. To-date in 2013, we have used $17.7 million of this cash to buy 330,000 Torchmark shares. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain of approximately $50 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries, we plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. In the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio was lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although, we havent finalized our 2012 statutory financial statements, we expect that the RBC at December 31, 2012 will be in the range of 330% to 340%. Now, before I turn the call back to Larry. I would like to briefly discuss the purchase of Family Heritage Life Insurance Company. On November 1st, we closed on the purchase of all the outstanding stock of Family Heritage, a privately held supplemental health insurance provider. The base purchase price of $218.5 million was paid for with $115 million of internal funds from our life insurance companies and $68.5 million of additional debt, including the assumption of $20 million of trust preferred securities issued by Family Heritages parent. Final closing and post-closing adjustments of approximately $15.5 million were paid with proceeds from a post-closing dividend from Family Heritage. The Company added $0.02 per share to Torchmarks net operating income in 2012, net of the after-tax incremental financing costs of 3.8% on the $218.5 million purchase price. We anticipate that the Company will add between $0.16 and $0.20 per share to 2013 operating earnings after financing costs. Since we anticipate being able to take dividend distributions out of the Company to fund additional interest charges at the parent, we do not believe the acquisition will have a material impact on Torchmarks share buyback program. Those are my comments I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison:  Thank you Frank. For 2013, we expect our net operating income will be within a range of $5.45 per share to $5.75 per share. The decrease in guidance is due primarily to the fact, were repurchasing shares at a higher price than we originally anticipated and also due to the loss of some employer group Part D cases because of increased competition. Those are our comments, we will now open the call up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar, with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan:  Hi, thank you. Good morning, I had a question first on the Direct Response business. Sales have actually slowed for each of the past three quarters and I think you mentioned that maybe response rates are lower just given the economy but, given what the trends have been recently, how comfortable are you that you could actually do your mid-single digit sales growth target because, the economy is certainly not changing much or its unnecessary economy changes? Then secondly, just on the Liberty National business, the margins on the life side were very strong this quarter and you had several initiatives going on to improve the margins there, but whats your expectation, do you expect a further improvement from here? 
Larry Hutchison:  Ill address the Direct Response sales first Jimmy. We have confidence that the Direct Response rates will come up in the second quarter of this year. We currently have initiatives regarding our adult products. We also are testing different initiatives with packaging. We think, each of those will have a positive effect on our response rates as we go forward.
Gary Coleman:  Jimmy on Liberty National, for the quarter we had an underwriting margin of about 29% versus 25% last year.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan:  True.
Gary Coleman:  That was a little higher because we had a lower claim month or lower claim quarter. For the year the underwriting margin was 26% versus 22% at the last year and the primary difference there is the fact that weve lowered the non-DAC acquisition expenses by the changes we made in the agency system there. On a go forward basis the margin wont be 29%, its going to be at the 26% or a little above the 26% range.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan:  Then just one more on Family Heritage if you could just talk about how the results, you gave some guidance for how the results have been versus your expectations and any pleasant or unpleasant surprises as youve looked at the business a little bit more?
Larry Hutchison:  Jimmy as we look at the business there are no unpleasant surprises. Integration goes forward well. The agency is growing as expected. Were seeing some addition within the agency in case some recruiting programs take place. Those were the comments you finally hear because there are no surprises in the sales guidance that was given in our accounts.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Well take our next question from Paul Sarran with Evercore Partners.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to ask at Liberty, is there any sort of structural reason why the margins overtime cant get up to the 32%, 33% range you run at American Income?
Gary Coleman:  Paul, we still have higher expense at Liberty and have had as far as acquisition expenses -- and although thats, we have made improvements there, its going to take a while for that to work through the results because of the large in-force like we have. I dont see us getting to the 31% level, at the 27% level, 27%, 28% margin level we could get to that on a fairly soon basis.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners:  On Direct Response, towards the end of last year, beginning of this year, youre talking about new underwriting technology in a pretty big expansion of circulation, I think, well into the double-digits, which I would have thought should drive pretty strong sales in the back half of this year or in 2012. Did something go wrong with that program or not as expected once you implemented it?
Gary Coleman:  Nothing is going wrong with the program. I think the underwriting trends youre referring to is the use of pharmaceutical data, underwriting program, actually that decreases of sales because you think we reject more business. We have greater profits on the business and you see a decline in sales and were certainly seeing that comes through because were rejecting more business as we apply that data through the end of any process.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners:  I think the idea was you increased circulation by enough to offset the higher declines that did that not occur did you end up declining more business than you expected before hand?
Gary Coleman:  Paul, I think we did increase circulation, but as Larry mentioned our response rates were down, so that continue to offset the increase of circulation.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Okay, all right, thanks.
Operator:  Well take our next question from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  Hi, good morning. In American Income on the sales growth guidance, why did you lower that range modestly versus your prior guidance for 2013?
Larry Hutchison:  Because, we had a decline in the growth of the agency in fourth quarter and its just slightly -- its 10% to 14% versus 10% to 15% guidance we gave in the last quarter, and its just recognizing that we have not as many agents signing business in the first quarter that youd hope.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  Then just following up on that, anything about longer term opportunities that you see to grow the agent count? Is the current pace sustainable over several years and how much opportunity is there to grow before you view that as saturated?
Larry Hutchison:  Its not saturated at all. We have unlimited opportunity to grow that agency force, so naturally I would say the agency force is 10,000 to 12,000 agents in American Income. I dont think its the same when they have 20% agency growth year in and year out. I would predict that you can see the agency count at the end of fourth quarter 2013 at 5,900 to 6,000 agents, and it could vary. It could be slightly higher than that or slightly less, but certainly 10% agent growth per year is sustainable at American Income.
Gary Coleman:  Sarah, one thing that I might add to that, we expect 10% to 14% growth at American Income. You probably wont see that in the first quarter and may be more mid-single digit in the first quarter because of the fact that we had a very large first quarter last year and as Larry mentioned, well be building up the agent count as we go through the year. So, the growth will be more towards -- starting with the second quarter on, than say, the first quarter.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  Then finally, just on the underwriting margin, the growth there is the strongest its been in several years that mostly you reflect to your pricing actions and how should we be thinking about that going forward?
Gary Coleman:  Well, first its -- I really dont know any margins having changed that much in terms of the impact of the increased premium. Its more from the reduction in the acquisition cost that we could no longer defer. Weve reduced our lead cost and we made that a sounds really SG&A. But when you look at on a year-to-date basis, this year versus last year the margins 33 versus 31, well that two points increase in margin came from the fact that we reduced those expenses from 5% of premium to 3% of premium.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays: Okay, great. Makes sense. Thanks for the answers.
Gary Coleman: Okay.
Operator:  Well take our next question from Jeff Schuman with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Thanks, good morning. Just want to circle back a couple of details on Family Heritage. Can you remind us is there any obvious seasonal pattern to the earnings or premiums there?
Larry Hutchison:  I think theres a seasonal pattern, like our other agency forces, you tend to have higher agency growth in the first eight months of the year and usually the fourth quarter is a little bit slower for Family Heritage as well as the other agency operations.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Then help us put this into context of the risk-based capital ratios you gave, Ive forgotten. Is this -- they are just staying at the holding company or is this downstream and if its downstream is it included in the sort of consolidated RBC view that you gave earlier?
Larry Hutchison:  Frank?
Frank Svoboda:  Yeah, Jeff it is down in the subsidiaries and included in the RBC for the consolidated group.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Do you have a rough estimate of what the RBC specific to Family Heritage ended up at?
Frank Svoboda:  I do not at this point in time.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay because my recollection was at least prior to any transaction adjustments that it was pretty high and earnings are pretty strong, so I was just wondering if there was at this point any capital to be executed from there?
Frank Svoboda:  At this point of time, we dont anticipate taking out any excess capital allowing for some growth. You are correct in that, the RBC was fairly high at their company individually and on a consolidated basis, it really doesnt move the needle very much on the consolidation.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And well take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust:  Thank you, good morning. The Liberty National sales for us, you shared some specific outlook numbers for year-end and sustainable growth for American Income and any similar numbers for Liberty National?
Larry Hutchison:  For Liberty National, agent count should grow up by about 10% also this year. Our traditional agent count at the end of the year was 1,419. Id expect that to be at 1,800 to 1,900 agents by the end of the fourth quarter.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust:  Then that sort of pace sustainable or what pace is sustainable?
Larry Hutchison:  That pace is certainly sustainable, Mark, part of this is sustainable growth traditionally speaking, Liberty National traditionally has been focused on the southeast as we continue to have offices outside of the southeast that will help that growth rate at the Liberty National. The other development is as we add the [accelerated] management at Liberty National it produces more candidates to become branch managers, and open new branches across the U.S. So, I think certainly that growth rate is sustainable for the foreseeable future.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Then the Medicare Part D, I think the group price competition you mentioned, any more detail you can provide there. Was that -- is the market now a little more rational or do you expect that to continue?
Larry Hutchison: I dont think it will continue. What we saw this year was a new entrant into the market and we feel theyve substantially underpriced their business, thats our experience from the new entrant, under prices their business thats [arranged] pretty quickly and so we dont think thats a trend going forward.
Operator: Well take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning everybody. First, I was hoping thats impossible, I think it might have been Gary. Kind of if you could repeat the Family Heritage Life sales guidance, he was going fast, I didnt catch that?
Gary Coleman: At Family Heritage, we expect health sales of approximately $50 million to $53 million in 2013, and Steven that would be a growth rate of 5% to 9% for 2012. For 2013, we expect premium income to range from $195 million to $205 million. Again, were seeing the margins as a percentage of health premium to be about 18% to 19%.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, great. Then the guidance on L&L sales, was that life only or did that include health as well?
Gary Coleman: A bit life and health.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Both, okay. Then on the subject of health, I dont think there was any reference to it in your script. Maybe you could talk a little bit about what is going on at United American and what is driving that and I guess whether or not we should be happy about it.
Gary Coleman: Whats going on United American is gradually strengthening Medicare supplement sales through a general agency force. Medicare supplement is difficult to predict as you go forward there is many uncertainties around that market, because the American supplement sales declines automatically over the last five years. We think that well see continued growth within Medicare supplement, but that assumes that there arent major political changes around the Medicare supplement arena.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay, all right. Thats what I had, thank you guys.
Operator: Well go next to Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney: Good morning everyone. After two months youre getting really excited about the acquisition on Family Heritage, because I think if my notes are right you bumped up your premium expectations from 180 to 195 to 200 and your margins from 14 to 17 to 18 to 19. So, what are you seeing thats getting you more excited about both growth and profitability and if I work through the midpoint of the range those two things looks like its about $0.06 to $0.07 theres more admin spending, eat up half of it or is there some conservatism?
Gary Coleman: Bob, were excited about the growth potential because as we get familiar with the leadership of Family Heritage we should see strong leadership within that agency. I think the pending uncertainty of the sales that comprehends and present for the last two years now that uncertainty has been removed as a part of Torchmark, and really focus on growing that agency. As it could then be, additional recruiting systems, additional compensation systems. I think we want to see real growth at Family Heritage. There is also geographic expansion thats been taking place. Our building at New York were looking at some space down operate and so additional expansion possibilities for the Company.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney: So, dont know deer antler spray, real legitimate underlying growth in the production, thats good. The margin 400 bps more, I mean thats a pretty big bump up in two months of expectations?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Im not sure. Frank?
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Bob, the real increase in that a big majority of that is a result of the finalizing all of our PGAAP computations. As we said on the last call, we are very early in the stages of taking a look at purchase business and where some of the margins would be on the acquired block. And now that weve finalized the PGAAP computations, the margins really on that opening block, really looking at 15% on an after admin expense basis, which was a little bit higher or a fair amount higher than what we had originally anticipated. So, thats really driving a big portion of that increase in the guidance.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney:  Its accounting or is it -- things are better at last year by operating?
Frank Svoboda: Well, part of its accounting just from estimates on where the final interest rate adjustments and how reserves will be calculated and the (inaudible) would be calculated and amortized off over time, but part of it is also just real getting a better comfort in where ultimate assumptions would be and underlying margins.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney:  Remind me whether there was any expense efficiencies to be realized.
Frank Svoboda: We are probably seeing just a little bit of reduction in some of the initial cost estimates that we had, but nothing real material ultimately, but were looking at admin expenses being about 5% of their premiums. So theyre a very efficient operation, but were seeing a little bit lower than what we had originally anticipated as well.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney:  And too early to think about cross-selling or new products into their distribution channel, right?
Frank Svoboda: Correct.
Larry Hutchison: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney:  When should we think about that or not at all, is that be too confusing?
Larry Hutchison: I think we want to be careful is to expand that cross-selling Bob. Id really like to focus on expanding the agency. Theyre doing very well with the product mix they have now, and lets stay focused on -- just trying the basic agency with the existing product mix.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney-Janney:  Thanks for the insights. And hopefully maybe we can get some of the management on a call at some point.
Larry Hutchison: Id be glad to do that.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much and good morning Gary to you and to the rest of your team. My questions relate to the Health business. For reasons that I think youve discussed the Part D business pardon me had essentially no sales increase either in the quarter or in the year and youre showing very, very strong premium growth. I presume that happens because you had very strong sales in the year before. Could you just help me understand that financial reporting dynamic?
Gary Coleman: Well, Bob, the reason we had to increase sales in 2012 really occurred at the end of last year when we received auto assigns from I think 20 states or 20-plus states. That all came about at one-time, that production for the most part we did have some production during the year, but the [auto sign] business really -- we get notified at the beginning of the year. And so, most of the reduction came in there and that accounted for the large production at the beginning of the year. We just at the end of the year this year, we didnt get the auto assigns that weve gotten in the prior years. Weve been able to maintain for the most part what we had gotten the year before, but we did not get new auto assigns.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: So the guidance then is for premium level to be down modestly in 2013 from 2012 in the Part D area?
Frank Svoboda: Well, we actually expected premiums to be up in 2013 slightly because not all that business is auto assign business. The auto assign business is about 45% of the total premium for us. We also sell this through our United American General Agency and through Direct Response. So we were thinking that premiums will go from $318 million in 2012 to I think last quarter we talked about $327 million for 2013. Well, now that looks like 2013 is only going to be $300 million and the reason for that as Larry mentioned earlier in the comments as that we lost some large groups that its a year-to-year contract and they elected to go with the carriers who are offering lower rates. So well actually have a slight decline in premiums in 2013 from the 318 million in 2012 to around 300 million in 2013.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: And then with respect to the core of your health business, I just want to build on the question and answer from earlier. Indeed you had many areas when Mark was running the company in which the health business seemed to be in decline, is it -- and now were getting very strong sales of health products along within -- at least in the December quarter it looks like, just like to turn to the right page here. Yeah, it looks like very strong premium growth as very strong premium growth as well. Is it purely a matter of the Medicare supplement or are we seeing resurgence in sales of other medical products -- sales and premiums of other medical products other than med supplement?
Gary Coleman: Eric, if we go back five or six years ago, a lot of the premiums relative to an unlimited health benefits and it was product line as we exit in 2009, 2010, it subject to ObamaCare, more important that we just didnt like the persistency, we didnt like the margins for that business. So youre seeing a little decline over the last year as that block has decreased. I think we stand about at $50 million block now which were seeing here is an increase around two products. So our individual Medicare supplement sales have been good over the last 18 months and were also seeing the addition of Family Heritage which substantially changes our health and insurance sales.
Eric Berg - RBC Capital Markets: And I know you report what your sales would have been in Health, do you report whats your premium growth, if Mike would say or maybe you can tell is, do you report what your premium growth in Health would have been excluding the acquisition of Family Heritage? I guess we can see that on Page 10 of our Analyst pack, we can see that, so Im offset at this point.
Gary Coleman: Fair enough, right.
Operator: And we will go next to Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR: Thanks. Just a couple kind of follow-ups here. On the Medicare sub-dynamic, I guess over time -- you know maybe a few years we thought saw Medicare Advantage the other kind of pieces of the Medicare market there for supplemental, so it was going to fade and it kind of held on better than we would have thought. Is part of kind of the better Medicare sub sales overall because folks are starting to move away from Medicare Advantage as kind of payouts for that get constricted. Are we kind of finally seeing that switchover?
Larry Hutchison: I dont think its a switchover. The original prediction was that there will be 17 million additional release for Medicare Advantage. We certainly havent seen those numbers materialized and [were interested] in seeing to go forward with healthcare reform if (inaudible) doesnt materialize you would see much stronger Medicare supplement sales. I think theres strength in Medicare supplement sales. We just done a better job recruiting general agents and weve better penetrated particularly with the high deductible health plan and the successful offering of that plan in a number of states.
Randy Binner - FBR: Thanks for that. So from what you said, I mean Medicare Advantage just hasnt and even though the payouts from CMS of those companies have been lower, its been a sticky product still that youre seeing with clients, was that right?
Larry Hutchison: Thats what were saying, yes.
Randy Binner - FBR:  And then back to AIA, I appreciate the guidance there for 13. And I guess people have hit at it a couple of different ways, but it still seems like a confident guide and you targeted hopefully 6,000 agents there by year end 13, but Id like to hear kind of more -- maybe more color on whats going well there. Is it still manager progression, is it -- youve talked in the past about better analytics around kind of recruiting data and kind of segment and whos successful and whos not. But just would be interested, thats a major kind of debatable point on the stock is whether or not AIA sales could hit that level. So, just would like to hear more kind of on whats driving your confidence there?
Larry Hutchison: Randy, this is whats driving your confidence is, were focusing most right now is agent retention and so were working at different systems, everything from lead support to better training to help that agent retention. Were also working at changes that we could introduce in our compensation systems and we stretch out that compensation and we keep those [first share] agents longer. And structurally what I see is a growing SGA body. Weve added 5 new SGAs this year. We believe those of you who were successfully had also contributed to the agent growth and which youve seen in the last five years so I think there is a long average age of that SGA body and so Im comfortable that those SGAs will continue to grow and expand within each, territories and expand their agencies.
Randy Binner - FBR:  Is that -- SGA sounds like is that a new office or is that just a new individual?
Larry Hutchison:  New SGA is a new office and some of those are promoted into the system as far as an agent. From SGA they become MGA, the last set of progression is from SGA position and we open those offices depending on opportunity and we look at the company support, we look at the recruiting support you can get in a particular office and thats how you open the new offices. Its in addition to a nice attraction.
Randy Binner - FBR:  So you did 5 new SGA offices in 12 is the similar amount expected for 13?
Larry Hutchison:  For 13 and again, were looking at who are these MGAs that are ready to take that next step. We normally make sure that the MGA is always successful. So, we look at their production and we look at their time in the business and then Roger and Company make that decision to promote that MGA to an SGA position.
Randy Binner - FBR:  Then just one clarification I think AIA already does business in most major metropolitan areas, so when you are opening a new offices these offices are being opened like in new cities or is it adding office like in a growing suburb or something like that?
Larry Hutchison:  Were typically adding to -- we have SGAs in all states and which are looking as particularly in large metropolitan areas, with really the excess, in each year the excess recruits in terms of system. The personal and other recruiting sections that we have, there is extra capacity that were going to add in SGA.
Randy Binner - FBR: All right, understood thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Well go next to John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee:  Thanks for taking my question good morning everybody. One on Part D and one on Direct Response. Part D, obviously a lot of great color and I appreciate all the guidance there on sales in top line. The margin in 4Q was probably one of the strongest I can recall seeing it around 12%. Is there any reason to believe that weve stepped up on the margin or should we still be thinking about something more like the 10% going forward?
Gary Coleman:  John, were looking at margin of between 10% and 11% for next year. One of the problems with the Part D is that the clients do not come in evenly throughout the year and so from quarter-to-quarter, youll see some fluctuations, but weve priced the product around 2.5% level and thats what we expect in terms of margins.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee:  Then a sort of longer-term question around Direct Response. I get so much less mail and I think a lot of people get so much less mail now versus a year ago versus especially versus 10 years ago, So weve gone electronic billing and so much and the world is going more and more paperless or at least the U.S. Is that over time, do you think that that sort of continuing trend becomes sort of a secular impediment to the potential growth of Direct Response?
Larry Hutchison:  That is why I dont because if you go to Direct Response in 2007 a very small percentage of our business came through electronically i.e. the Internet or the electronic media and today, its a significant part of our business. Its the fastest growing segment of Global Life international companies saw. Global Life channel is not different than it was 20 years ago. Its continuing to work to enhancing how do we reach our consumer and I think youll see a greater improvement. But mail is still an important part and foundation of the Company, but I think were confident that we can grow Direct Response through other media.
Gary Coleman:  Not only from the Internet, but were now putting our 800 net phone number on mailings and inserts and over 10% of our business is now coming in through inbound calls. As Larry mentioned, were just trying to find all the different ways that we can reach the customer, but one thing to consider too, there is maybe less -- solicitations that you get in the mail that means theres less competition in the mail for us. The mail is still going to be a vital part of it, but were -- as Larry mentioned weve really grown the percentage of our sales. I think its up to 40% thats either internet or inbound versus a few years ago it was much less than that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Thats very helpful. I didnt realize it was that strong already. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our next question from Vincent Lui with Morningstar.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. What do you see -- if you can give me some comments about whats driving the uptick in lapse rates at American Income? It seems like there is a 15% to 20% business point increase quarter-to-quarter at the agency?
Larry Hutchison: There was a strong uptick in the lapse rates, were talking about first year, if you look at renewal rates there is one uptick.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: Yeah, renewal rate is pretty stable, yeah.
Larry Hutchison: Right, you expect your agency force since you have more new agents selling business. You have an uptick in your lapse rates and we had an 18% growth in our new agents last year. So I would expect to see an uptick. [Thats not across that] if you go back two years ago in the fourth quarter we had the same first year lapse rates. So its within and on the range in my opinion.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: How would you comment on the seasonality of lapse rate at a -- should it be pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter or there is a more of an uptick in the last quarter, in the fourth quarter?
Larry Hutchison: If you look at the agent recruiting in the agency forces, typically 80% of your agent recruitment is in the first eight months. And you have been having new agents starting the year, so by the time you get later in the year you get more new agents form business, it would be logical you see a small uptick in the first year lapse rates as you have more new agents sign business.
Gary Coleman: On the Direct Response side, you see seasonality more there than maybe in our agency line, part of that is because weve -- a good fortune of our Direct Response sales occur in the first, second quarter and so you see more of the lapses coming in the third and fourth quarter. So you obviously see a higher lapse rate in the third and fourth quarter versus the first and second quarter in Direct Response.
Larry Hutchison: I think the item thats affecting the lapse rates is in Direct Response. As we mentioned earlier using the (inaudible) confirmation to underwrite business with that regulation more substandard business, which has a higher premium rate. If youre going to issue more substandard business than youre going to issue business at higher premium rates thats followed with higher lapse rates as a result.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: How do you generally reflect that in your actuarial valuation or reserve. I mean in the annual review, is it typically you change your lapse rate in reserve calculations annually, after seeing this general experience?
Gary Coleman: Well, I dont think were getting back to Direct Response, so we havent seen any change in experience of as Larry mentioned the substandard business at this price for us for the higher lapse rate. So, our reserves are going to set up accordingly and were expecting those lapse rates that is really not adjustment necessary.
Vincent Lui - Morningstar: Okay, thanks for the answers.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Gary Coleman: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Majors  VP, IR Gary Coleman  Co-CEO Larry Hutchison  Co-CEO Frank Svoboda  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Sarah DeWitt  Barclays Capital Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners Mark Hughes  SunTrust Steven Schwartz  Raymond James John Nadel  Sterne Agee Sam Hoffman Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Jeffrey Schuman  KBW 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporations Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, Id like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations of Torchmark Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman; and Larry Hutchison, our co-CEOs; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2011 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the third quarter was $125 million or $1.29 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $131 million or $1.36 per share, a 9% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities and amortized costs, our return on equity was 15.6% and our book value per share was $34.39, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share grew 20% to $44.86. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $454 million and life underwriting margins increased 13% to $130 million. Net life sales increased 7% to $83 million. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D, declined 4% to $170 million and health underwriting margin was $39million, same as year-ago quarter. Health sales were $15 million, down 6%. Ill now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the insurance operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First Ill discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $167 million and life underwriting margin was also up 17% to $56 million. Net life sales increased 12% for the quarter to $41 million. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 5,472, up 23% from a year ago and up 3% during the quarter. We are pleased with the continued progress at American Income, and are excited about the companys future prospects. We continue to see growth in a number of newly hired agents who achieved our top bonus level. Its the first time, top bonus earners were up 47% in the third quarter. Our middle management ranks also increased by 14% in the third quarter. First time bonus earners and middle management trends are both indicators of future agent growth. We expect sales growth for 2012 to range from 13% to 15%, while we expect sales growth for 2013 to range from 10% to 15%. Now Direct Response. Our Direct Response operation worldwide life premiums were up 9% to $158 million and life underwriting margin increased 8% to $37 million. Net life sales were up 3% to $31 million. While were pleased with Direct Response sales growth, it was slightly lower than expected in the third quarter, however, the new business written during the third quarter was more profitable than the new business written in a year ago quarter. We expect mid single-digit sales growth for 2012 and 2013. Now Liberty National. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 2% to $70 million, while life underwriting margin was up 22% to $19 million. Net life sales declined 6% to $8 million, while net health sales declined 24% to $4 million. However, both net life and net health sales have increased sequentially for two quarters in a row. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,401, down 11% from a year ago, but up 4% just beginning of this year. The producing agent count grew to 1,420 during the first three weeks of the fourth quarter. We continue to make progress in turning around our producing agent counts in sales of Liberty National. We are optimistic that agent growth will continue going forward and expect sales growth to range from 8% to 12% for 2013. Medicare Part D, premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 63% to $83 million, while the underwriting margin increased 8% to $7 million. Part D sales for the quarter jumped 161% to $22 million due to the increase in low-income subsidized auto enrollees for 2012. We expect an increase of approximately 2% to 3% in our Part D premiums for 2013. This is less from the 2012 increase since we dont expect this many new auto-enrollees out of our low income subsidy program next year. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Coleman: To complete the insurance operations, administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, 2% more than a year ago quarter and in line with our expectations. For 2013, we expect a 5% to 6% increase in administrative expenses with most of the increase due to the acquisition of Family Heritage. However, as a percentage of premium, administrative expenses will be around the same level as 2012. Now, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define is net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $55 million, a decline of $9 million or 14%, 7% on a per share basis from the third quarter of 2011. Sequentially, excess investment income was down $8 million from the second quarter. Both the year-over-year and sequential declines are due primarily to lower investment income. Compared to the second quarter, net investment income decreased $6 million or 3%, while average invested assets increased by 1%. And investment income increased at the same rate as the assets, investment income would have been up $1 million. This $7 million negative swing is due to the decline in the portfolio yield and the large increase in short-term investments, resulting primarily from the call of the $300 million of bank hybrid securities early in the third quarter. We plan to invest the excess short-term funds and bonds by the end of the year. Due to the expected call of our remaining $300 million of hybrid securities and the lower new money rates, we expect excess investment income in 2013 to decrease approximately 6% to 7%. However, reflecting the impact of share repurchases, we expect that 2013 excess investment income per share to be flat compared to 2012. Now, regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets are $11.8 billion including $10.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. There is no exposure to European sovereign debt and there are no commercial mortgage-backed securities or securities backed by sub-prime or Alt-A mortgages. At September 30, the company had cash and short-term investments totaling $685 million compared to $180 million at June 30. The additional $505 million of cash in short terms is due primarily to the $268 million of proceeds due to debt instruments issued late in the quarter and $237 million of additional funds to be invested. Now, of this amount, $200 million will be used for the acquisitions of Family Heritage Life, we think on November 1st, $120 million for the retirement of our trust preferred debt this week and $94 million to retire the existing August 2013 debt issue. As to fixed maturities, $2.2 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus. Below investment grade bonds are $685 million compared to $764 million at the end of the second quarter and $721 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds at fixed maturities is 6.3% compared to 6.8% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of three times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 21%, which is less than most of our peers. Both of these ratios have declined slightly since the end of the quarter as much of the excess cash held at September 30 has been invested in investment grade fixed maturities. Overall, the total portfolio is rated a high BBB plus just slightly under the A-minus of a year ago. We had net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.6 billion compared to $942 million a year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $326 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the utility and industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 4.42%, an average rating of BBB plus and an average life of 23 years. For the year, we have invested $755 million at an average yield of 4.54% and an average rating of BBB plus. The third quarter new money yield of 4.42% has declined from the 5.65% yield for all of 2011 and the 4.64% yield in the first half of 2012. Earlier this year, we indicated that the GAAP discount rates used to discount the reserves from policies issued in 2012 would be 4.75% graded to 6.5% over seven years. However, in response to the decline in new money yields and further indication that treasury rates will continue to be near current levels for the near future. We have changed the discount rates for policies issued in 2012 to 4.25% for five years, then graded up to 6.25% over the next eight years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 6.33% compared to 6.54% in the third quarter of 2011. As of September 30, the yield on the portfolio is 6.33%. As mentioned, we still hold $300 million of bank hybrids that could be called. We dont know whether they will be called in the fourth quarter, but expect all of them to be called by the end of 2013. These bonds yield 7.35% and assuming a 4.25% reinvestment rate, the loss to annual income with all of those securities are called will be $6 million after-tax. In our guidance, we assume that all will be called in 2013. On past analyst calls, we have discussed the current low interest rate environment and the impact of a lower prolonged rate scenario. Our concern regarding an extended period of low interest rate continues to be impact on earnings, not the balance sheet. As we talked about before, to maintain our underwriting margins, weve raised the new business premium rates on the majority of American Income Life products and the Direct Response unit products by 5% as of January 1 this year. These increases provided additional margins to help offset reductions to excess investment income on new policies without having a detrimental impact on sales. However, as long as we are in this low interest rate environment, the portfolio yield will continue to decline and thus pressure excess investment income. However, the decline will be slowed by the fact that on average only 2% to 3% of fixed maturities will run off each year over the next five years and that assumes a call of the remaining $300 million of hybrid preferreds. In the second quarter, we conducted a stress test assuming a new money rate of 4.25% and determine that the portfolio yield at the end of 2016 would be in a range of 5.75% to 5.85%. At these rates, we would earn a small spread on the net policy liabilities, while earning the full 575 to 585 basis points on our equity. In this scenario, we will still generate substantial excess investment income. As I mentioned, an extended low interest rate environment impacts our income statement but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we dont see a reasonable scenario that will require us to write off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. Now Ill turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our shares repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the third quarter, we spent $44 million to buy 874,000 Torchmark shares. For the full year through September 30, we have spent 318 million of parent company cash to acquire 6.6 million shares. The available liquid assets at the parent consist of assets on hand and the expected free cash flow from operations. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $74 million. During the first nine months of the year, we generated about $328 million of free cash flow but spent $318 million for Torchmark share repurchases. In addition to the remaining $83 million of cash and liquid assets, the parent received approximately $420 million as a result of the issuance on September 24th of 10-year senior notes and 40-year junior subordinated notes. As a result of this activity the parent ended the second quarter with $504 million of available liquid assets comprised of $74 million of beginning liquid assets plus the $328 million of free cash flow, plus $420 million of net debt proceeds, less the $318 million used for share repurchases. Going forward, along with the $504 million on hand at the end of the third quarter, we should generate approximately $22 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarters giving us $526 million of total cash and liquid assets available for the remainder of the year. Of this cash $120 million was used on October 24th to redeem our 7.1% trust preferred securities and approximately $212 million will be used to purchase the stock of Family Heritage Life, leaving us with approximately $194 million of cash and liquid assets available between now and the end of the year. It should be noted the $94 million of these assets will be invested to be used for the redemption of our $94 million of senior notes that mature on August 1, 2013 or an earlier time if opportunities to economically repurchase the August 2013 notes become available. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years that level has been around in NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings that relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31, 2011, consolidated RBC was 336% and adjusted capital was approximately $46 million in excess of that required for the targeted 325% ratio. We expect our consolidated RBC as of the end of 2012 to be at or above this level. Now before I turn the call back to Larry, I would like to briefly discuss our recent debt issue and the purchase of Family Heritage Life Insurance Company. First the debt issue. With regard to our debt, on September 24, we closed on $300 million, 3.8% senior debt issue maturing in 2022. The senior notes were issued to provide $94 million to pre-fund the eventual retirement of our August 2013 senior notes and $200 million to fund the acquisition of Family Heritage Life. As we wanted to fund the majority of the Family Heritage Life acquisition internally, the parent issued $150 million of these notes to two of our insurance companies. Having these companies purchased the parent senior notes enabled us to one, efficiently use insurance company cash that resulted from the $300 million of bank hybrids they called in July and you get those funds invested at market rate. Two, provide funds to the parent to fund the acquisition in a way that will allow these insurance companies to fully admit the asset on their statutory books. Three, structure of the transfer of funds to the parent in a way that minimizes the RBC charges that will be incurred by the insurance companies. And four, structure of public debt issue that was large enough to obtain the most efficient pricing available in the market. It should be noted that the $150 million of notes owned by the two insurance companies are limited in consolidation and thus are not treated as outstanding debt or the invested assets on our consolidated financial statements. We also issued on September 24, $125 million of 40-year junior subordinated notes with an interest rate of 5% and 7%, 8%. Those notes are callable after five years and are issued to refinance $120 million of trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities were called on October 24. As a result for the new issuances, our debt balances as of September 30 increased by approximately $268 million, temporarily increasing our debt-to-capital ratio to 29.9% if the effects of the unrealized gains on our fixed maturity investments are ignored. However, this ratio will be reduced to 28.1% upon redemption of the trust preferred securities and to our normal levels once the august 2013 notes are redeemed. We expect our interest expense will increase in the near term due to pre-funding of both the retirement of our trust preferred securities and the August 2013 maturity, plus the additional debt incurred for the Family Heritage purchase. For 2012, we estimate that this increase over 2011 levels will be approximately $2.1 million, including $1.9 million in the fourth quarter. For 2013, we estimate that our total interest expense will be approximately the same as 2012 levels, assuming the august note is retired on its August 1st maturity. Once the August note is retired, we expect to save approximately 1.5 million in annual interest expense over pre-2012 levels. Now, with regard to the acquisition of the Family Heritage Life. On July 31st we entered into a definitive agreement to purchase all of the outstanding stock of Family Heritage Life Insurance Company, a privately-held supplemental health insurance provider, for approximately $218.5 million, including the assumption of $20 million in trust preferred securities with the remainder to be paid in cash. The ultimate purchase price is subject to closing adjustments to be paid using cash from a post-closing dividend from the company. We expect to close on November 1st assuming all regulatory approvals are received by that date. The company was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. It is a specialty insurer focused primarily on selling individual supplemental health insurance products with a return-of-premium feature. We were attracted to the company because of its offering of protection oriented insurance to middle income families and that their sales are through Family Heritage has approximately 1,200 captive sales agents, 41 sales directors and over 223,000 policies in force. We are excited about the opportunity to work with the existing management, agents and employees of Family Heritage and currently intend to operate the company as a standalone operation. As of June 30, 2012 statutory admitted assets of the Family Heritage were approximately $526 million and net capital and surplus was $62 million. Premiums were $162 million in 2011 and $87 million through June 30, 2012. Since the transaction has not yet closed and the fair market value of companys fixed maturity portfolio and other assets are not yet known. The ultimate effect of certain purchase accounting adjustments cannot yet be determined. However, we anticipate that the company will add approximately $0.01 to $0.02 per share to Torchmarks net operating income in 2012, assuming a November 1 close and will add approximately $0.13 to $0.17 per share to 2013 operating earnings. Since we anticipate being able to take given distributions out of the company to fund the additional interest charges to be incurred by the parent, we do not believe the acquisition will have a material impact on our share buyback program. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. This is our guidance. For 2012, we expect our net operating income will be within a range of $5.15 per share to $5.19 per share. For 2013, we expect our net operating income will be within the range of $5.45 per share to $5.85 per share. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. (Operator Instructions) And well first go to the side of Jimmy Bhullar. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Hi good morning. I had a few questions. The first one on just your premium conservation efforts, if you look at your lapse rates in most of the subsidiaries that actually been declining but American Income, the lapse rate this quarter was roughly flat with the third quarter of last year? Then secondly just on the Family Heritage deal, should the earnings ramp up as the year goes on or with the first quarter of next year be a normal quarter, just I wanted to get an idea on whether you plan to do any expense savings or any marketing initiatives that would either reduce or increase earnings in that the deal comes on your books? And then finally on Liberty National, youve seen a couple of quarters of decent growth in the agent count of your sales expectations actually seem fairly positive as well. What gives you the comfort that this is not sort of a temporary blip in the agent count and what gives you the comfort as the thing that the agent counts are going to keep going from here on out.
Larry Hutchison: Yeah, I think just Liberty...
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Jimmy as far as the lapse rates to the American Income. If you look back over the last couple of years, the third quarter is generally a higher rate and its somewhat due to the timing of the new issues and the lapses that occur on those policies. We expect that rate to be lower in the fourth quarter. The third quarter for some reasons is just unusually high from American....
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Yeah. And quarter-over-quarter results actually had been getting better but even if I compare to the third quarter of last year, your lapse rates were actually flat whereas second quarter versus second quarter or first quarter versus first quarter, they were improving.
Gary Coleman: Well, I...
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Its one quarter, so I just wanted...
Gary Coleman: Yeah, we dont  matter of fact we have seen benefits of the conversation. As you mentioned in the last story, so from the prior quarters, I think this is just, again I think that the third quarter is just an unusual quarter from a timing standpoint. And again I think in the fourth quarter if you go back to the improvement weve seen in the older quarters.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay.
Gary Coleman: And secondly on Family Heritage I understood the question right. I would anticipate that the earnings for the first quarter that will grow from there. I dont think that the first quarter be indicative of the entire year, but we really havent had a change as Frank mentioned to and to look at what the purchase accounting adjustments are going to be and right now we dont have a good feel for the facts around this going to be.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: But you dont plan on  the growth would be just as a organic growth in the business. You are not planning any extraordinary cost savings programs or marketing initiatives that would either increase expenses or reduce expenses overtime?
Gary Coleman: No, there is no cost reduction expense that were factoring in and their expense ratios are very similar to ours and theyre very efficient and so the growth as we expect will be the organic growth of sales.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, on Liberty National, we believe that the recruiting systems are in place. Were now meeting with the different branch managers in the system. Theyve accepted that and the first three weeks of this quarter weve seen continued, steady agent growth. So we believe that will continue. At Liberty National we plan to roll out a laptop presentation in January. We think this will further help in recruiting and training the new agents and we hope to see 20% of agents growth at Liberty National by 2013.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to the side of Randy Binner. Your line is open.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Thanks. So, it sounds like  and this is kind of a sales question and so it sounds like the laptops are rolled out in January for Liberty National. Back here in American Income, I guess and I would like to hear more color. I think you said middle manager accounts there are up 10%. If that could be clarified thatd be great? And then I guess just trying to get color on the kind of the trend there and how sustainable the increase in the ranks of those sales managers is?
Gary Coleman: Randy, sales growth is sustainable. I dont think were going to see sort of the 25% agent growth per year. It should be in fact a 10% to 12% to 15% increase agent growth is sustainable and those focus it and American Income remains is recruiting, is looking at forward activity in those little agents. Its also management promotions. As we promote through those different levels of management and youll see growth in the agency. So thats really the color to American Income as the both systems continue to be improved on that top is fully rolled that at the American Income, so we get cost of data feedback that we can check those trends.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: How about our recruiting, is there anything new going on, on the front end and how youre bringing in new recruits?
Gary Coleman: The Internet recruiting continues to be our biggest source of recruiting. The personnel recruiting is also an emphasis on American Income and personnel recruiting that involves college recruiting, different exciting recruiting. When you look at military recruiting, theres a new initiative. As the military downsizes and we see people come out of military, those are strong recruits of both the American Income and Liberty National. So we continue to look at new recruiting systems. We hope to look at Family Heritage, study their recruiting systems and having some of those in-house here.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Thats helpful. And just to clarify, did you say the middle men accounts up around 10%, I missed that number?
Gary Coleman: Lets see, I think Ive said that, up 14%...
Frank Svoboda: 14%, yeah.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And how about in their trend in particular, is that able to stay at that level or does that settle down not extremely the low hanging fruit there is coming down?
Larry Hutchison: Theres not low hanging fruit, its having the system of automatic promotions, it will promote persons out of the agent level, first level of management, the line by asking the fresh level of management, the second level of management is the sustainable number.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to side of Chris Giovanni. Your line is open.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. Good morning. I guess first question just on kind of the guidance in the range. I mean the ranges I guess are getting wider at least in the past couple of years. So does that suggest that suggest that EPS visibility is declining some or is this just the issue with the drops in the timing?
Gary Coleman: Well Chris I think part of the wider range this year is Family Heritage and we havent included that transaction. We have to study that transaction as we have a great deal into Torchmark, so thats some of the impact of why we are at range.
Larry Hutchison: And Chris I mean I think last year our range was $0.30, its $0.40 this year. And I agree with Larry that a big part of it is the Family Heritage.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then are there any other M&A opportunities you guys are currently exploring or at this point is it primarily going to be share repurchases?
Larry Hutchison: Well, Chris were always looking for M&A opportunities, but to find the type of company that we found with Family Heritage want us in the middle income market has kept the latency selling type of products that we like. Theres not a wealth of those kind of companies out there. Well continue to look and, but in the meantime I think the share repurchases will be the bulk of these of our excess capital.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then lastly just on the new money rate. I guess there was a little surprise just how well you guys were able to maintain the yields quarter-over-quarter, given whats spreads did in the quarter and then I guess also you guys shortened some of the duration of the maturities of the portfolio. So curious if you can comment some on kind of where youre thinking as you look forward here in the 4Q you talked about the 425 kind of the stress test that youve done, is that the level of yield you guys are currently looking at?
Larry Hutchison: Yeah, thats what were currently seeing. And one thing that benefited us in the third quarter, I think weve talked about this before through a partner weve got involved with some products...
Gary Coleman: Placements.
Frank Svoboda: Product placements and weve, I think weve done a $100 million of that, most of that was in the third quarter. And those are a little bit shorter but the yields are in between the 10 and 30 years off. We really look to get a strong yield on those on those particular investments and I think that helped for the quarter. That probably helped us get to the 442 but where were seeing it today and mainly weve invested so far which I think weve invested well over $200 million already in October, its a round up for 420 to 400 quarter range.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And still no plan to change the overall investment strategy?
Frank Svoboda: No, not at this point. Its just, the yield curve is too steep to drop down short and also it looks like rates are going to stay low for a while, and as I mentioned, we have been involved in the product placements where we had in the past. Were still looking for other types of investments but we just havent found anything thats better, we feel thats better than the corporate bonds.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to the side of Sarah DeWitt. Your line is open.
Sarah DeWitt  Barclays Capital: Hi good morning. On the 2013 EPS guidance, how much is embedded in your outlook in terms of share buybacks?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think were assuming free cash flow of around $360 million to $370 million next year. And I think in our guidance we assume that our share repurchases would be around $360 million.
Larry Hutchison: Thats correct, Gary.
Sarah DeWitt  Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And so given that the midpoint of your guidance assumes about 9% EPS growth. It seems like youve got 8% EPS growth just from share buybacks alone. So could that be conservative given that the core business have been growing, your Family Heritage coming on will be a partial offset from the redemption of hybrids but it just seems conservative. So am I thinking about that correctly or I am missing anything?
Larry Hutchison: Well, I think one thing, it is going to factor into it is the  in fact there our excess investment income will be lower, I think I mentioned, it was probably 6% lower on a dollar basis and I think thats were seeing that growth in the insurance side but that is a primary factor.
Sarah DeWitt  Barclays Capital: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Were now going to side of Paul Sarran. Your line is open.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Yeah thanks, good morning. Was there any sort of cumulative true up in the quarter from the change in discount rate on 2012 new sales?
Gary Coleman: Yes, there was. From an underwriting income standpoint its pretty much awash. So there was an increase in the reserves but there is also decrease in amortization. Where there was an impact is in the excess investment income because of the increase in the interest on the net positive our goal is an average about $500,000 impact in the quarter.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Okay. And on Part D, I dont think you mentioned it. Did you pick up any new LIS regions for 2013?
Gary Coleman: No we did not pick up new regions for 2013.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Did you keep the ones you added this year?
Gary Coleman: I think its actually a reduction I think we had six regions in 2013 versus about 24 regions that we had in 2012.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Okay, so do you disenroll those policy holders that you added this year then or do you keep them, you just dont add new ones. How does that work?
Gary Coleman: We did not disenroll this years policy holders that...
Gary Coleman: Yeah, if you just look at the numbers, we had, as Larry mentioned we had 21 regions last year and 15 of those regions were going to be able to key the auto science, but were now going to get new, new auto science. And I think theres five reasons where we will get new auto science. So, the core amount of that is were not going to see near the number of new auto science this year or in 2013 than we did in 2012.
Frank Svoboda: I think in these terms were projecting premiums in 2013, this $327 million versus $319 million in 2012.
Paul Sarran  Evercore Partners: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to side of Mark Hughes. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Yeah, thank you. Good morning. The life underwriting margin are stronger this quarter, to what extend is that sustainable?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think it was up slightly this year. I think if you look at the nine months, our life underwriting margin is 28% of premium and overall is 29% in the quarter. Theres not a lot of difference there but I think it the indicative of what the entire year will be if it is more in the 28% range.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Right. And so for next year more or likely to be at 28% or slightly better?
Gary Coleman: Yeah. I think in our guidance, it is slightly better than 28%. But again, well talk about just a smaller difference.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Right. The Direct Response business is something youre confident thats going to pick back up, what makes you feel good about that?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think theres three things and that is still good about the Direct Response business. In 2013, I think on circulation, we have about 3% as the current net sales will pick up about 10%. We have initiatives, for 2013 in our gold products, our durables products and our other mailings. So their combination of those items, I guess feel optimistic about direct response.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Right. A and just to be clear the guidance at this point does or does not include the acquisition?
Gary Coleman: It does include the acquisition of Family Heritage.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Does include it?
Gary Coleman: Yeah.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you well now go to the side of Steven Schwartz. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Hey good morning everybody. Just a follow up on Sarahs question, I guess Im having a little bit of trouble. It seems Gary you suggested that the interest rate of excess investment, excuse me, would be down about 6% to 7%?
Gary Coleman: Yeah I say that on a dollar basis it will.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Right.
Gary Coleman: But for share basis it will flat.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay yeah. Your EBITDA at 360 of share repurchase I would imagine that your general account assets excels, stuff with the debt being paid off in August and whatever. Its still going to grow. So in your guidance, I think it would, in your guidance where are you thinking the yield goes to by the end of 2013. I think youre currently at 6.33. Where does that go to the by the end of 2013?
Gary Coleman: Okay. Steve, first of all we think by the end of year, I think at the fourth quarter it would be 6.25 would be our yield on the portfolio.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay.
Gary Coleman: As I mentioned earlier were assuming that the remaining $300 million of, I presume we get called in 2013 and they have an interest rate of I think 7.3%.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay.
Gary Coleman: And so were looking at is by the end of 2013 the portfolio yield would have dropped from 6.25 to 6.04 and this sounds like these are very precise. These are our estimates. So thats those hybrids still have a big impact. Now going forward from that, well get back to where the decline in the portfolio yield is more like 10 basis points a year. But the next year were looking for a little over 20% decline in the yield.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. Well, you said your 604 versus 612, I guess youve got to take averages. Maybe Ill get back with Mike offline. If I could, only Family Heritage, what are those agents thinking about their business post January 1, 2014. Do they see HCA as a growth driver or do they see that as a headwind?
Gary Coleman: They see an opportunity. Gary and Ive addressed the top agents within the system and theyre excited about joining Torchmark. I think they see opportunities theyre going to have with the recruiting. I think it will bring higher ratings to the company. And to be a part of Torchmark, I think it will be a positive to that agency force.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: No, Im sure you will. I was questioning more the macro environment, in ObamaCare and macro environment and how they see that?
Gary Coleman: Well, these are products that arent subject to ObamaCare. These are products that fall aside healthcare reform.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay.
Gary Coleman: So these products are unaffected by that, I misunderstood your question, I apologize.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. Thank you, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to the side of John Nadel. Your line is open.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: Hi, most of my questions have been asked and answered at this point. Ive got one little nitpicky one left, I suppose and its on Part D. just looking at the quarters results, third quarter results, perhaps somewhat weak on the margins versus what weve seen here recently as you look out. Was it just sort of a blip or as you look out to 2013 what do we  what should we expect for the margin on the business?
Gary Coleman: Well, John first of all, we had an unusually high claim quarter. And so thats when we compare back to third quarter where we had an unusually large claim quarter there is a big difference, but the margin year-to-date on that business is at 10% and we think 10% of premium that we think thats  this will end the year at 10% of premium and thats not as surprising just because we price it at 10.5% premium. So were very close to where we price that.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: Okay. All right, thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to side of Sam Hoffman. Your line is open.
Sam Hoffman: Good morning, I had a question about premium growth. It looks like premium growth accelerated in the quarter from 5.7% to 7.2% and even if you exclude the part D, it accelerated from 1.4% to 3.6% and so thats the big step up in one quarter and it was driven I think by the direct response business. So I mean obviously if your premium growth accelerates by 1.2% every quarter, your growth rate is going to be much higher a year from now and so what I want to understand is what happened with the persistency in the business to cause that and how sustainable is it?
Gary Coleman: Well Sam, we are seeing advantage from better persistency but for example in direct response we had a 9% increase in premium, weve been showing 5% to 6% increase. Well the reason wed 9% this year was more of an issue that the third quarter premiums of last year were very low and so its just an unusual comparison. I dont think you can the numbers you extrapolate I think you can carry for our fourth quarter but were looking for unlike the premiums next year and our guidance, were going to be about 4.5% for this year. Were looking at next year being at least that much maybe to 5%. So were seeing, were going to see improvement but maybe not at the level youre talking about.
Sam Hoffman: Okay. And then just can you clarify a bit about what you were saying about the discount rate and the price increase? I know you said that you lowered the discount rate at the beginning of this year, and you raised price but is that going to recur both the discount rate and the price increase in 2013? And then just help us understand whats in guidance and how we should think about that going forward?
Gary Coleman: Well, first of all, in the guidance we are assuming the same discount rate that I talked about earlier, the quarter-over-quarter graded up to six in a quarter. We dont feel like, we feel like the situation would be very similar next year in terms of rates and that will be appropriate. As I mentioned, we did raise rates, the premium rights 5% this year, the effect of changing the interest rate assumption from what we had last year to this year, this year really we require about 2% to 3% increase in premium. So we actually increased the premium rates higher than we really needed but that  so but going forward, we still feel like the new level that weve gone in, the discount rates will be appropriate going forward.
Sam Hoffman: Okay. And, then I guess, my last question is on family heritage, can you talk bit about the business and just if you could repeat the premium growth that it had and kind of how much sales it has and should be expected to grow overtime?
Larry Hutchison: Frank, if you want to handle that.
Frank Svoboda: Sure Larry. Yeah, the total premium in 2011, they had around $162 million of total premium income. And we really look at them growing somewhere in that 8% to 9%, 10% range over the next couple of years. So far, year-to-date through June 30, they have premium income of about $87 million that was reported on their statutory financial statements. So obviously just looking toward annualizing that you end up at around $176 million or $175 million and thats around an 8.5% increase. So, we are again expecting that the premiums to go somewhere in that 8% to 10% range. I believe their sales but I dont have that that number handy but I believe that it was somewhere in the $50 million range.
Sam Hoffman: Okay. Thanks for taking the call.
Operator: Thank you. Well now go to side of Bob Glasspiegel. You line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Im going to follow-up on Sams question and try to drill a little bit deeper into the acquisition. It seems like that youre saying the midpoint of the range is $0.15 accretion which is $23 million of earnings and there is going to be $2 million to $3 million of, thats pre-tax earnings and is going to require $2 million to $3 million more of underwriting. So there is $25 million of sort of pre-tax income that needs to be spread either in the underwriting, so its held for underwriting and/or investment income. But I think you said investment income, I think you said investment income is down 6 so thats not going to move. So, am I right that we need about $25 million of pretax of underwriting income?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, that is correct. It is going to be health business and it is somewhere in that range. We would estimate on a pre-tax basis yeah somewhere in that $25 million to 27 million range.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So, on the $180 million of premium its a pretty good underwriting margin so were talking about roughly 15%.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, the underwriting margins before admin expense are somewhere we expect for 2013 to be in the 14% to 17%.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay, my math is right.
Gary Coleman: And we do as time goes on and with new business we look forward to be slightly higher than that, but with the in-force block thats where were estimating at this point.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Is there anything you can do with the capital structure, expense structure or cross-selling or better productivity and thats pretty good sales actually relative to their in-force but
Gary Coleman: With respect
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Within Torchmark on the margin that you probably havent factored in here.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, with respect to lets say the capital structure, they are adequately capitalized at this point in time. They do have some excess capital if you will compared to what we would normally maintain a minimum 325% level. But at this point in time we do not anticipate taking out any of that excess capital if you will and allow that to help fund some of their future growth going forward. I think as Gary has mentioned earlier, there arent a significant amount of any expense savings that were really anticipating at this point. We will continue to look at their investment portfolio and to see whether or not there is some opportunities there and Larry I may pass it to you with respect to potential sales and potential sales initiatives going forward.
Larry Hutchison: The potential sales initiatives, first of all, is where the agency force, and to do that, it is two ways, one is better recruiting methods. The second is geographic expansion. They are concentrated in the upper Midwest and Texas and we think those products could be offered in New York, Canada, other parts of U.S. So thats another part of the expansion were talking about was family heritage.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So, if you guys cant create any expense savings, this must be the most efficient small company on the planet?
Gary Coleman: Do you look at their expenses as a percentage of premium as its quite low, its a very well run company.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So its impressive. Look forward to learning more about them as you hopefully own it in next week? Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And well go to side of Jeff Schuman. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Thanks, good morning. I understand that in part D there was volatility this quarter and there will be volatility some times, but can you remind us at this point do you, is there any sort of normal, kind of base line seasonality to the margins in that business?
Gary Coleman: Well, Jeff, we really havent seen it. I mentioned last year third quarter was low. We cant expect we might see that this year but we said it was higher. Yeah, this business is priced every year and we just said and the clients come at different times. We just havent seen seasonality that we can count on.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay, thank you. And then this should probably be obvious but just Jimmy I mean, I guess the excess investment income compares to the down six, does that exclude Family Heritage from both periods or is that just in 2013 and youre still down six?
Gary Coleman: That includes Family Heritage in both periods.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: In both periods, okay.
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Remember for 2012, we only had them for two months but yeah it includes both periods.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: But includes it on a pro forma basis for 2012?
Gary Coleman: No, not on a pro forma basis.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay.
Gary Coleman: But over their actual additional access would be for those time of two months.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay I guess just for some modeling perspective, do you have idea how that compares and would have been on an apples to apples basis?
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Well have to find, I missed it, but I can find that...
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay, thats it for me. Thanks.
Gary Coleman: I have got it, excluding family service, excuse me Family Heritage, we would project for 2013 that excess investment income would be down somewhere, this is dollar amount not per share, dollars would be down somewhere between 7% and 10% and on per share basis, excess investment income would be a decline of 2% to 4%.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Gary Coleman: With Family Heritage, I was saying earlier on per share basis it will be flat for 2013.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay, thanks for clearing that up.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). It appears we have no further questions at this time. Ill now turn the conference back over to our speakers for closing remarks.
Mike Majors: All right, thank you for joining us this morning, those are our comments and well talk to you again next quarter.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Torchmark Corporation's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference call. Today's call is being recorded.
 For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations of Torchmark Corporation. Please go ahead. 
Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today are Gary Coleman, and Larry Hutchison, our Co-CEOs. Mark McAndrew, our Executive Chairman. Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer, and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel.
 Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2011 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC.
 I'll now turn the call over to Gary Coleman. 
Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the second quarter was $127 million, or $1.30 per share, a per share increase of 19% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $129 million or $1.32 per share, a 4% increase on a per share basis.
 With fixed maturities at amortized costs, our return on equity was 15.8%, and our book value was $33.26, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share grew 29% to $41.38.
 In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $451 million, and life underwriting margins increased 7% to $124 million. Net life sales increased 4% to $89 million. So far in July, our sales were ahead of expectations, and our guidance for 2012 remains unchanged.
 On the Health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D declined 5% to $177 million, and health underwriting margin declined 2% to $40 million. Health sales were $13 million, the same as the year ago quarter.
 I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the insurance operations. 
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $164 million, and life underwriting margin was also up 12% to $54 million. Net life sales increased 10% for the quarter to $40 million. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 5,318, up 23% from a year ago and up 4% during the quarter.
 We are pleased with the continued progress at American Income, and we are excited about the company's future prospects. We are seeing growth in a number of newly hired agents who achieve our top bonus level, which is our best indicator of the agent retention. The first top bonus owners were up 60% in the second quarter. Our middle management ranks also increased by 21% in the second quarter. We expect sales growth for remainder of the year to range from 12% to 15%.
 Our Direct Response operation, Global Life, life premiums were up 5% to $58 million and life underwriting margin declined 1% to $35 million. The decline in margin was due to unusual claim fluctuations and we expect that the loss ratios will return to previous levels for the remainder of the year. Net life sales were up 4% to $38 million. We are also pleased with the results in Direct Response, despite a difficult economy, we have been able to grow our sales.
 We would also remind everyone of the change we initiated in our Direct Response underwriting in mid-2011. While improving our margins resulted in a reduction of our net sales due to more applications been rejected for health reasons, set sales growth through the remainder of the year to be around mid-single digit range.
 Liberty National segment declined 2% to $71 million. Our life underwriting was up 21% to $18 million. Net life sales declined 18% to $8 million, while net health sales declined 12% to $4 million. However, health sales increased 9% in the second quarter, compared to the first quarter.
 The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,355, down 24% from a year ago, but up 6% for the quarter. We are very pleased with the progress we have made in turning around our declines and producing agents and sales.
 We are optimistic that agent growth will continue going forward, which will result in improved sales of Liberty National for the balance of the year. Premium revenue from Part D grew 60% to $78 million and the underwriting margin increased 47% to $8 million. Part D sales for the quarter jumped 915% to $22 million due to the increase in low income subsidized enrollees for 2012.
 I will now turn the call back over to Gary. 
Gary Coleman: To complete, insurance operations administrative expenses were $40 million for the quarter, 1% less than a year ago quarter and in line with our expectations.
 Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. On our website are 3 schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of June 30, 2012. As indicated on the schedule, invested assets were $11.6 billion, including $11.1 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost.
 There is no exposure to European sovereign debt and there are no commercial mortgage-backed securities or securities backed by subprime or Alt-A mortgages. Of the fixed maturities, $10.3 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Below investment grade bonds are $764 million, compared to $721 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds of fixed maturities of 6.9%, compared to 6.7% a year ago.
 With a portfolio of leverage of 3x, the percentage of big bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 24%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated high BBB+, just slightly the under the A- of a year ago. We had net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.2 billion compared to $873 million in the first quarter, and $156 million a year ago.
 Now, regarding investment yield. In the second quarter, we invested $197 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 4.49% , an average rating of BBB+ at an average life of 27 years.
 For the year, we have invested $430 million at an average rating of A-. The new money yield of 4.49% has declined from the 5.65% yield for all of 2011, and the 4.76% yield in the first quarter of this year.
 For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 6.43%, compared to 6.47% in the previous quarter and 6.56% in the second quarter 2011. The decline in yield is due to the lower new money rates. As of June 30, the yield on the portfolio is 6.42%.
 On July 5, the notice of proposed rulemaking regarding the 2013 changes to the capital rules for banks, were issued. Subsequently we were notified that $301 million of our $708 million of bank hybrid trust preferred securities will be called in July and August. These securities have an average yield rate at 7.18%, and assuming the call proceeds are re-invested at 4.25%, the loss to annual income will be $9 million pre-tax, or $6 million after-tax. For 2012, the loss to income will be approximately $3 million after-tax and the portfolio yield will be reduced by about 8 basis points. This amount was accounted for in our guidance.
 The remaining bank hybrids, we anticipate that another $300 million could be called. We don't know whether any of them will be called in the last half of 2012, but I expect the most of them to be called by end of 2013. These bonds yield 7.35%, and assuming the same 4.25% investment rate, the lost annual income if all of those securities are called, will be a similar $6 million after-tax.
 On past analyst calls, we have discussed the current low interest rate environment and the impact of a lower for longer rate scenario. Our concern regarding an extended period of low interest rates continues to be the impact on earnings, not on the balance sheet.
 To maintain our underwriting margins, we raised the new business premium rates on the majority of American Income's life products and the Direct Response funeral products by 5% at January 1 of this year. These increases provided additional margin to help offset reductions to excess investment income on new policies and we did so without having a detrimental impact on sales.
 However, as long as we are in this low interest rate environment the portfolio yield will continue to decline and thus pressure excess investment income. However the decline will be slowed by the fact that on average only 2% to 3% of fixed maturities will run off each year over the next 5 years, and that assumes a call of the $600 million of hybrid preferreds.
 Last fall, we performed a stress test to determine the impact on the portfolio yield of investing all new money in at 4.75% over the next 5 years. Under that scenario, we determined that the portfolio yield at the end of 2016, would be between 5.95% and 6.10%. We have rerun the model this time using a new money rate of 4.25% and determined that the portfolio yield at the end of 2016 would be around 5.75% to 5.85%.
 At these rates, we would earn a small spread on the net policy liabilities while earning the full 575 to 585 basis points on our equity. Even though we don't believe our new money rate will be as low as 4.25% for the next 5 years, should that happen, we will still generate substantial excess investment income.
 As I mentioned, an extended lower interest rate environment impact to income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that will require us to write off  DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations.
 In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet.
 Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital. 
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In second quarter, we spent $184 million to buy 3.9 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $47.42.
 Going into the second quarter, we had anticipated spending price $90 million, which we did to acquire 1.9 million shares at an average cost of $48.54 per share. However due to favorable market conditions, we made the decision to acquire an additional 2 million shares during the quarter.
 These additional shares were acquired for total cost of $94 million, an average cost of $46.39 per share this was less than a $48.54 per share paid to purchase the initial 1.9 million. For the full year through June 30, we had spent $274 million of parent company cash to acquire 5.8 million shares at an average price of $47.53.
 The available liquid assets at the parent consist of assets on hand and the expected free cash flow from operations. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $74 million.
 We expect to generate approximately $350 million of free cash for the entire year. Thus, the total liquid assets available for all of 2012 will be around $424 million. During the first 6 months of the year, we generated about $163 million of free cash flow but spent $274 million for Torchmark share repurchases, purchasing 5.8 million Torchmark shares. The repurchases were funded by $179 million from the cash on hand and $95 million from the issuance of additional commercial paper.
 As a result of this activity, the parent ended the second quarter with $58 million of available liquid assets comprised of $74 million of beginning liquid assets, plus $163 million of free cash flow, less $179 million used for share repurchases.
 Going forward, along with the $58 million on hand at the end of the second quarter, we should generate approximately $184 million of free cash flow in the next 2 quarters giving us $242 million of total cash available for the remainder of the year. $95 million of this cash will be used to reduce our commercial paper to its normal level, leaving us with approximately $147 million of liquid assets available between now and the end of the year.
 It should be noted that we have already reduced the commercial paper outstanding by approximately $90 million since June 30. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain a minimum of $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company.
 Now regarding the capital levels at our insurance subsidiaries. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last 2 years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but it's sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relative lower risk of our policy liabilities and our current ratings.
 At December 31, 2011, consolidated RBC was 336% and adjusted capital was approximately $46 million in excess of the amount required for the targeted 325% ratio. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry. 
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2012, we expect our net operating income per share to be in the range of $5.08 to $5.26 per share. Net investment income for the year will be lower than previously expected due to hybrids being called and the lower new money yields.
 Those were our comments for this morning. We will now open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Vincent Lu [ph] with Morningstar. 
Unknown Analyst: Just a question about the investment portfolio. If I understand the credit rating has been dip one notch to a BBB+. How much was that, would you characterize natural credit migration, and how much was that, as a conscious effort to increase the allocation to below investment grade securities. 
Gary Coleman: First of all we are not consciously increasing the below investment grade securities. The increase this quarter was due to downgrades, but we are not consciously moving towards lower credit rating either. The BBB+, rounded it's just under A-. So it's only a slight difference from where we were in the last several quarters. So it really hasn't changed that much. 
Unknown Analyst: Then, a separate question about the agency count at Liberty. Is that really a target agency count there to turn things around and start having the sale growth again? 
Gary Coleman: I don't know what you mean by target agency count. 
Unknown Analyst: I mean it's been decreasing 6% from last year, but is there a target number that you are looking at or? 
Gary Coleman: We are looking the investment to grow this quarter. I am confident that system and the processes have been changed at Liberty National. We will continue to see this sequential growth through the end of this year and into next year, and I expect growth to pick up to 6%. It's only single digit, but it's going to be 6%, 7%, 8% hopefully in the third and the fourth quarter of this year. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Schuman with KBW. 
Jeffrey Schuman: I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the arithmetic around the calls on the trust preferred. There are different ways to look at the arithmetic on the guidance change, but if we look at the movement in the mid-point, I guess, it would suggest the mid-point maybe has moved by $0.08. I think when you kind of walked us through the math on swapping out the coupons on the $300 million that has been called so far. You got to $3 million after-tax impact for the remainder of the calendar year which is about $0.03, so trying to bridge a little between that amount and what seems to be maybe by some interpretation of bigger move in the guidance. Is there another piece here, which is that you may suffer a period, where the funds are simply not deployed? We need to factor that in, or how should we think about it? 
Gary Coleman: Yes, Jeff. That's definitely a point. We had $180 million of short-term investments at the end of the quarter and we are going to be adding another $300 million very shortly. It does take a while to get that money reinvested. To answer your question as far as the additional, I outlined the additional $0.03 comes from the fact that we are going to be slightly delayed in getting that money reinvested, but also all new money coming in besides the calls, will be invested at a lower rate than we had projected previously. 
Jeffrey Schuman: Okay, so the rest of it is just the general movement rates of further down. Okay. I'm sorry. You broke up a little bit when you gave the earlier. What is the total upsize of the bank trust preferred portfolio. 
Gary Coleman: As of June 30, we have $708 million bank hybrids. 
Jeffrey Schuman: Bank hybrids, 708? Okay. 
Gary Coleman: Of that $300 has already been called for July and August. The remaining $408 million, there's a $107 million that are either not callable or they there may call, calls and we're not expecting those to be called. That leaves another $301 million that could be called, and based on where their rates are, we feel they probably will be called. As we talked about this in previous analyst calls the reason these bonds are being called is there is a provision in those bonds that they can be called if there is a change in the capital rules, and they lose their capital status. Of course under Dodd-Frank those rules are going to be changed and those rules will be effective in 2013. So all along, we felt that the $600 million sort of the bond would probably be called and that they would be called in 2013. Early in the year, we read where some banks were looking at the fact, whenever the rules are published, which is expected to be in 2012, that, that would be the triggering event, not the actual implementation of the rules in 2013. Thats what has happened here, with these the $300 million, those banks are considering a triggering event happening when those rules are or at least the notice of the rule making was issued in July. So what we don't know is of the other $300 million that are potential calls.  We don't know whether the banks will determine 2012 as a trigger year or whether later 2013. We'll just have to wait and see what they do. 
Jeffrey Schuman: Okay. That's helpful. Just one other area quickly if I may. Part D, looks like it's tracking below the 12% margin I think you had hoped to achieve. Is it too early to conclude they maybe are just not going to hit pricing assumptions, or how should we think about that? 
Frank Svoboda: I think it's a little too early to conclude what that pricing margin is going to be. If you look year to-date, where we are this year is where we were last year. 
Jeffrey Schuman: Okay, then you did see a strong uptick in the second half. Is there some normal seasonality or some reason that we can maybe think that that's likely to recur? 
Gary Coleman: Yes, Jeff. There's some seasonality there and latter part of the year we got -- well we will probably this year too,  rebates from the government. The rebates were greater than we expected last year in the second half of the year, and that helped to elevate that margin. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs. 
Christopher Giovanni: I think last quarter you guys talked a bit about if you made adjustments in the investment portfolio, down 100 basis points or so, you could offset that on the margin side by raising premiums just 2% to 3%, and you talked about the 5% rate increase, you did effective January 1. Are there any discussions around additional pricing changes you guys are looking to implement? 
Larry Hutchison: No, I wouldn't expect to increase the rates again, because of lower interest rates. We really only needed to raise the rates about 2%. We went ahead and raised them 5%, knowing that maybe rates might go down a little more. So I think, even rates have declined, I think the 5% that we implemented this year still covers that. 
Christopher Giovanni: Okay, and then for Frank. You made the comment about being opportunistic on buybacks given the share price by using the CP. If shares did get back to that level, is that another lever you guys would be willing to pull again or was that just sort of a one-time opportunity? 
Frank Svoboda: Chris, we really look at that as being more of a one-time opportunity within the year to accelerate some of the purchases really from the third quarter back in the second quarter. We have really had a philosophy of not wanting to borrow to fund the buyback program and wanting to use our existing free cash flows for those buybacks, and I see that will continue to do that. 
Mark McAndrew: Chris, I would add it depends on the price. If the price got down to a very low level where we really we couldnt pass up the buying, we could borrow again under a commercial paper and then pay it back with free cash flow from next year. The good thing about Torchmark is we got the $350 million of free cash this year. Well, it will be at least around $350 million again next year and year after that. So we could prefund using expected free cash flow from next year. However, I agree with Frank. I don't anticipate us doing that unless there is a significant reduction in the share price. 
Christopher Giovanni: Okay, then lastly your competitor this morning talked about the rating agencies forcing them to hold a higher level of capital RBC and they said that wasn't due to the liability structure or their product mix, but because of the long durations of their investment portfolio, and I guess given that your investment portfolio has a longer duration than some of your peers, have you been similar messages from the rating agency. 
Frank Svoboda: No, we haven't, and one reason maybe is, yes, our portfolio is long, but our liabilities are long too. We are matched. These other companies, there may be a mismatch in liability that could cause that reaction by the rating agencies, but we haven't heard anything like that. 
Operator: Next, we'll take a question from Sarah DeWitt with Barclays. 
Sarah DeWitt: I was wondering if you could elaborate on what drove the slowdown in sales growth in American Income and Direct, particularly given that the agent count of the American Income continues to grow at a pretty fast pace. 
Larry Hutchison: Well, it wasnt running at [indiscernible] drove the slowdown, [indiscernible] and June. June sales were a little lighter than expected . When we look at July, we are back in excess of the 15% for sales in July, so I think it's just a one month aberration. Again, our guidance for the year, we think American Income will be in a 12% to 15% range. 
Sarah DeWitt: Then on Liberty National, I think previously you had said you expect sales growth to be positive by year end there. Is that still the case? 
Larry Hutchison: That's still the case. We continue to see growth in the agents, but that's just sequential growth of the agents by the fourth quarter I think we'll see year-over-year growth. 
Operator: Next is Randy Binner with FBR. 
Randy Binner: Just as a quick one on the preferred issues. Can you disclose if it was larger banks that were earlier to prepay these preferreds and if we could expect maybe the smaller ones to be slower to catch up? 
Gary Coleman: Yes. Randy. I am just looking at our list here. 
Randy Binner: Or even better, specifically, who pre-paid and who didn't. 
Gary Coleman: It was the bigger banks. Bank of America, JPMorgan, they were almost half of the call, and I am just looking at list of who is likely to be called and they are the smaller banks. 
Randy Binner: Okay, that's what we thought and will help us monitor.  I guess the pick up on what Sarah was just asking on AIA. Larry, did you say 12% to 15% for AIA as the goal? 
Larry Hutchison: Yes 
Randy Binner: Okay. I guess just kind of looking for a little more color. Maybe this kind of is a question that spans both AIA and Liberty, but understand the agent counts, understand the sales manager count being higher, and obviously that's probably giving you some confidence in the forward look on sales, but there has been training initiatives. I think there has been new laptop presentations and other initiatives I would be curious kind of updates how those other initiatives might be playing into this and helping your thinking on the sales guidance. 
Larry Hutchison: Sure. There's not one initiative. There's a number of initiatives. One is the laptop presentation, and we are introducing that.  And by year end that will be well underway at Liberty National life insurance company. It took some time at Liberty National to put the team in place, and as you introduce laptop it takes some time to spread that throughout the field.
 At American Income we still have a number of initiatives. We are seeing better training. We're producing better data to manage the training with and some of the data, again, comes from the laptop presentation at American Income. Thats fully introduced there. It's really the data that we can track them with the agents themselves, what their performance is in terms of number of presentations, the closing rates, all of it helps retain agents. That's reflected in those numbers, where we're seeing more of the first time agents hit bonus, we are seeing middle management grow. As some management grows, they will do better training, because there will be more middle managers that can train those new agents. So it's not one initiative and its a number of initiatives. 
Randy Binner: Yes. That's great color. Thank you. 
Operator: Next we will turn to Paul Sarran, Evercore Partners. 
Paul Sarran: I just wanted to follow-up first on American Income, where for the last year and a half or so agent count growth has exceeded sales growth, and especially large margin over the last few quarters. Is this is a trend that you think should reverse going forward? In other words, should we see productivity start to pick back up towards historical levels as new agents mature? 
Larry Hutchison: Yes, correct, and besides, new agents, the middle managers are more effective in terms of their training and closing rates of sales. So I think we are little bit level in terms of our productivity. We expect that to pick-up some more agents as they mature. 
Paul Sarran: Okay. If you kind of adjust for the fact that you have more new agents now thanks to the growth. Is there anything else that's impacting productivity negatively? 
Larry Hutchison: Not negatively. It's just as you add have new agents there's a little bit of a catch-up period as you have surge of new agents.  And I think it will be closer to the 15% growth at the end of the year than the 12%. It's a quarterly review. It's not month to month, but we're seeing improvements in those numbers. 
Paul Sarran: Okay, turning to Direct Response. What is it that gives you confidence that the lower margins this quarter were a one-time claims fluctuation. 
Larry Hutchison: Paul, one thing, looking at margin, we were 22%, just a little over 22%, and 23.5% for the quarter to prior year. 24% from prior quarter, there's 23.5%. Still, we are not talking about big change, but what we did see is claims are little bit lower in the first quarter and I think we caught up in the second quarter and we think for the that they will be right around the 45% to 46% level they are now. We had little bit higher amortization in the quarter and that's kind of seasonal thing. We think that if you really look at the year to date  percentages as opposed to this quarter. I think that's what you're going to see for the full year. 
Paul Sarran: Okay. The lower claims in the first quarter and higher in the second? Do you think any of that was reporting timing or changes in IBNR, or you think it's random kind of fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. 
Larry Hutchison: No, I think it was a little bit of timing and it doesn't take much of the change on timing to affect the total for a quarter. For the 6 months though, they are about where we expected. 
Paul Sarran: Okay. Then on Direct Response sales, I was a little surprised to see sales fall sequential and I know there is some seasonality to it, but you also expanded circulation pretty dramatically in the second half of last year. Are the responses not coming in as much as you would have expected or is this kind of in line? 
Frank Svoboda: That's kind of in line and we expect the responses for the year to be about what they were in last year. We just had a big surge in the third and fourth quarter that takes time for those sales to develop. 
Operator: Mark Hughes with SunTrust has our next question. 
Mark Hughes: On the Direct Response business, are there any campaigns coming up that might lead to any increase or tougher comps perhaps in sales activity? 
Larry Hutchison: There has always been campaigns at Global Life and Accident.  That's what Global Life Accident does, constantly they are testing new methods of distribution or [indiscernible] growth in our electronic, media and we want the sales to go up. 
Mark Hughes: Right, so we would expect just consistency. 
Larry Hutchison: I expect the same consistency and since the Global does they continue test and with single upward ticks over time I would expect that to continue. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Just had a question on the timing of share buybacks for the second half. The stock is obviously down, but should we expect the year to be buying back stock on an even basis in the third and fourth quarter, or if it declines more, would be you be opportunistic and do more of the buybacks in the third quarter. Then, secondly, I had a question on the agent count of Liberty National. Obviously, it's recovered nicely since February. Anything that would suggest that the recovery might short-lived, or do you expect the agent count to continue to improve? 
Larry Hutchison: I will take the second of that first. I don't think anything we do with Liberty National is going to be instantaneous, rather slow deliberate growth. You'll see sequential growth each quarter at Liberty National. As it takes some time to have those systems in place, but we're improving the training, the lead programs, the recruiting, well all those initiatives will start at the same time. Obviously with the sequential growth of agency, you are seeing those get some traction. You must see high single-digit growth in the fourth quarter, then I'll see the stronger growth next year as those mature and for the laptop [indiscernible] the first of the year through 2013. 
Mark McAndrew: Jimmy, as far as the share repurchases, as Frank mentioned came in here expecting to spend about $360 million on share purchases, and I think that as of today I kind of think that's where we'll end up.  So that means for the second half of the year you are talking about $90 million of share repurchases. We haven't determined what, but we think the timing of that should be, but you are right. If there's an opportunistic chance to get a better yield on the purchase, we would accelerate it, but at this point we don't expect spending more than the $360 million. 
Operator: Next is, John Nadel with Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel: Gary, you mentioned 4.25% new money yield for the updated sensitivity analysis. I am just wondering is that around the level that might be consistent with where you are currently investing new money given the more recent drop in rates. I know you are just under 4.5% for the full quarter. 
Gary Coleman: You are right. We're right about 4.5% and rates have dropped, and that's right around where we are investing now, maybe a little bit higher, but we assume 4.25% in our guidance and that's probably where we are going to be. 
John Nadel: Yes, I understand. Second one is just how should we think about the outlook for Part D sales from here? Obviously, there has been some great momentum with the new product. I am just wondering how much longer you think that runway will last? 
Frank Svoboda: Well, long-term, John, it's hard to address. In the short-term, we submitted our pricing in June this year, and we expect CMS will publish the 2013 benchmark premiums in August. We hope to be able to maintain our existing regions, and possibly add a few more regions when that is published. 
John Nadel: Okay, then just can you update us on the progress that you've been making on the premium retention program? 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, or projections of this year that without the conservation program, we would be lapsing around $250 million worth of premiums, annual premiums, annualized. Our estimate now is that for this year, we will conserve around $31 million of that that, that would normally have lapsed, but of course so that's an annualized amount. The actual premium collected for year from that saving that $31 million will be around $15 million. It's a little bit higher than what we projected coming into the year. 
John Nadel: How do you think about that for next year? I know whether it was a quarter or 2 ago, when you originally started talking about this program, you expected to broaden it to some of the additional channels. I am wondering what you are thinking about in terms of the savings you might be able to garner looking out to 2013. 
Gary Coleman: Well, I don't have a projection for 2013, but you are right. We have extended it out. At first it was primarily the American Income. American Income is about 40% of it, but there's another 45% of it now that is in Direct Response and Liberty makes up the difference. Again, I don't have a projection for next year, but I am sure it's going to be higher, because we are improving as we go along. 
Larry Hutchison: [indiscernible] we need to hire within that section and train in order to expand those efforts and so it can grow next year we'll decide the percentage calculated just. 
John Nadel: Okay. Then I am sorry I want just last one. Can you just walk us through why the discount rate on the policy liability has increased? I know it was 5.65% in the second quarter. That' s up from 5.60% last quarter and 5.55% a year ago. It also seems so counter intuitive with rates falling? Can you just remind us? 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, John, it's all related to the fact that our import block of business is made up of many years of issues, but really the last 2 years we have reduced the discount rate, but that's a discount rate on policies issued in the year. Going back several years ago, our discount rate was more into 6.5% to 7% range. Right now, a higher percentage of the block of business is at the 6% or 7% rates. As time goes by, though they'll decline end and the policies issues at the lower rates will become a bigger part of the in-force and we'll have a lower discount rate. What it looks like is, is that discount rate will continue to increase slightly over the next 2 to 3 years, and its really at a point versus around 5.75%, we think it will start declining from that point in interest rates are where they are today.  So it will rise for a little bit and then it will start declining. 
Operator: Next is Steven Schwartz, Raymond James & Associates 
Steven Schwartz: John just asked a question I wanted to ask on retention, so just a quick one. The $300 million of hybrids that have not been called that are callable. That's not in this year's guidance, right? 
Frank Svoboda: The impact if it's called -- let's say they have to give us at least 30 days notice on the call.  And let's say they're called at -- the actual money goes out on September 30, and I kind of think that's the worst case. You are talking about $0.02. We did include the $0.02 in the low end, but it may be less that, and as I say we dont really know how many of them will be called in 2012. 
Steven Schwartz: Okay, but it make sense if it's going to be called, it's going to be called by 12/31, because otherwise it's in the capital earned I guess not in the capital. 
Frank Svoboda: Well as the legal though is whether they can call them.  All the provisions are a slightly different, and it is not clear cut. The banks that have called them they new position that's announcement it rules is a triggering event.  Some of the other banks may think the GSA has implementation of the rules that won't be in 2013, before there is a triggering event.  So it is a legal question that they are probably looking at, again we don't know how they'll look at it, so we don't whether they will call them in  '12 or not. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll hear from Ed Forun [ph], Nomura. 
Unknown Analyst: I was hoping you could quantify how much capital will be freed up as the $600 million of preferreds are called and what the use should be of that capital? 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ed. It looks like a portion of the known calls that we have, there's a portion of that that in fact would be NAIC category 3 and 4, so we will get some capital relief out of that. Out of the known, right now it would appear that it's maybe by $12 million of statutory capital that would be freed up.
 If in fact, the other $300 million of the bank hybrids are in fact called before the end of the year that an additional roughly $30 million statutory capital would be freed up as well.  So remember that is sitting in the statutory in the insurance companies, so just depending upon what the other course of events over the remainder of the year as to whether now we can end up getting in that money out before the end of the year or 2013, or if we need to leave it in there to meet our RBC levels. 
Gary Coleman: Ed, I might add that just looking at the debt quality portfolio the as the $300 million debt have been called $85 million are below investment grade. So our below investment grade bonds will decline $85 million. If the other $300 million are called below investment grade bonds will decline another $170 million. So that's the additional capital and the fact that we are doing some below investment grade bonds is a slight positive to these calls. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Currently, there are no questions in the queue. I will turn the conference over to our host for any closing our additional remarks. 
Mark McAndrew: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter. 
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew - CEO Gary Coleman - CFO Larry Hutchison - General Counsel
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Ed Spehar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Mark Hughes - SunTrust Vincent Lowry - Morningstar Jeff Schuman - KBW Sam Hoffman - Nomura
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time I will turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was $128 million or $1.27 per share, a per share increase of 22% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $119 million or $1.17 per share, a 39% increase on a per share basis. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 15.8% for the quarter and our book value per share was $32.70, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturity carried at market value, book value per share grew 24% to $38.19. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $452 million, and life underwriting margins increased 13% to $126 million. Net life sales increased 9% to $88 million. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $161 million and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $52 million. Net life sales increased 17% for the quarter to $39 million. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 5,104, up 26% from a year ago and up 17% during the quarter. The first quarter results at American Income far exceeded our expectations. The number of newly hired agents that produced business in the first quarter was up 52% from a year ago. The number of newly hired agents who achieved our top bonus level, which is our best indicator of agent retention, was up 76% in the quarter. Our middle management ranks grew by 12% in the quarter and are up 29% from a year ago. Every key factor indicates that 2012 is a stellar year for American Income. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $161 million and life underwriting margin grew 10% to $38 million. Net life sales were up 9% to $39 million. I am pleased with the results in direct response. While high gas prices and difficult economy continued to impact our response rates, through continuing innovation we've been able to grow our sales and maintain our margins. I would also remind everyone of the change we made in our direct response underwriting in mid-2011. While improving our margins, it resulted in a 6% reduction in our net sales due to more applications being rejected for health reasons. Life premium at Liberty National declined 2% to $72 million, while life underwriting margin was up 21% to $18 million. Net life sales declined 22% to $7 million, while net health sales grew 16% to $3 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,276, down 31% from a year ago and down 5% for the quarter. The underwriting margins at Liberty National had benefitted from the change in DAC accounting due to the significant reductions we have implemented in our non-deferrable acquisition cost over the last couple of years. I'm also very pleased with the progress being made in turning around our declines in producing agents and sales. In mid-February, the agent count at Liberty National hit its low point of 1,228. Since that time, we have seen consistent growth, and as of Monday, the producing agent count has grown to 1,321, which is up 7.5% in the past two months. I'm very optimistic that this agent growth will continue going forward, which will result in improved sales at Liberty National for the balance of this year. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 6% to $181 million, and health underwriting margin declined 10% to $40 million. Health net sales grew 5% to $15 million. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D grew 50% to $74 million while the underwriting margin increased 54% to $8 million. Part D sales for the quarter jumped 235% to $25 million. The new low income subsidized enroll leads continue to exceed our prior estimates and we have raised our Part D revenue estimates for 2012 to $319 million versus $197 million for 2011. Administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, which were up 8% from a year ago, but in line with our expectations. Roughly half of this increase was caused by the elimination of the administrative fee which we were receiving on the United Investors business. The balance of the increase was due to increased cost in our Part D administration and conservation program. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, capital and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our website are three schedules provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of March 31, 2012. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets were $11.6 billion, including $11.1 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. There is no exposure to the European sovereign debt and there are no commercial mortgage backed securities or securities backed by subprime or Alt A mortgages. Of the fixed maturities $10.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Below investment grade bonds are $723 million compared to $758 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 6.5% compared to 7.2% a year ago and with the portfolio leverage of three times, the percentage of big bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 22%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. We had net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio $873 million compared to $156 million a year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the first quarter we invested $232 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the utility and industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 4.76%, an average rating of A minus, and an average life of 30 years. The new money yield of 4.76% has declined from the 5.65% yield for all of 2011 and the 5.22% yield in the fourth quarter. For this reason we have lowered the GAAP discount rate used to calculate the reserves and DAC for policies issued in 2012 to 4.75%, graded to 6.5% over seven years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 6.47% compared to 6.52% in the previous quarter and 6.62% in the first quarter of 2011. The continued decline in the yield is due to the lower new money yields. As of March 31, the yield on the portfolio is 6.46%. Now turning to RBC we plan to maintain our capital at a level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio was lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31, consolidated RBC was 336% and adjusted capital was approximately $46 million in excess of that required for the targeted 325% ratio. Regarding share repurchases and parent company assets in the first quarter we spent $90 million to buy 1.9 million Torchmark shares. So far in April we have used $36 million to buy another 750,000 shares. So for the full through today we have spent a $126 million of parent company cash to acquire 2.6 million shares. The available liquid assets at the parent company consist of assets on hand and the expected free cash flow from operations as we've said before, free cash flow results from the dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on the debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. Assuming shareholders dividends at the current level, we expect to generate approximately $347 million of free cash flow for the entire year. This is less than the $350 million to $360 million projected in the previous call because we increased the dividend rate on Torchmark stock. Effective with the dividend paid in the second quarter, the dividend rate increased from $0.12 to $0.15 a share, which will result in 2012 dividends of approximately $56 million, $8 million more than they would have been. In spite of the dividend increase, the 2012 free cash flow plus the $74 million of cash on-hand at the beginning of the year will provide a total of $421 million of available cash for the full year. As of today, after deducting the $126 million of year-to-date share repurchases, the parent will have approximately $295 million available between now and the end of the year. As noted before we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Now, before I turn the call back to Mark, I would like to discuss the impact of the new accounting rules for DAC. On January 1st the Company adopted ASU 2010-26, which changed the rules regarding the deferral of acquisition cost. This standard changes the timing of GAAP profits to the extent that certain expenses deferred under the previous rules will no longer be deferred. However it does not affect our overall profitability, cash flows or statutory earnings. We adopted the new rule retrospectively, which means that DAC was written down to a level as if the new student had been in place in prior periods. The earnings impact of the new rule, is a combination of the reduction in expenses deferred on newly issued policies, somewhat offset by the reduced amortization of DAC resulting from the retroactive write-down. The financial statement impact of the new rules is consistent with the estimates that we discussed on the last call. First, compared to the comparable balances at March 31, 2011 the retroactive write-down was 16% of the DAC asset, resulting in a 10% reduction in GAAP equity, excluding the net unrealized gains on fixed maturities. In addition the earnings for the first quarter of 2012 were 1.2% or $0.016 per share lower than they would have been under the old rules and ROE excluding net unrealized gains was 15.8%, compared to 14.2% in the fourth quarter of 2011 under the old rules. All prior periods on the net operating summary and the balance sheet had been restated to reflect the retroactive adoption of ASU 2010-26. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2012, we continue to expect our net operating income per share will be in a range of $5.10 and $5.40 per share. Before I open it up for questions, I would like to comment on the upcoming transition. I'm the fourth CEO in the 32 year history of Torchmark, and every succession has been seamless. I want to assure everyone that this succession will also go very smoothly. While I am stepping down as CEO on June 1, I will continue in an executive position as Chairman until June of 2013. I have the utmost confidence in both Larry and Gary, and have worked closely with both of them for over 25 years. I believe that either one of them would be an outstanding CEO on their own, but I also believe that together they will be better than either would be individually. I believe that the company is in the best shape it has been during my tenure as CEO and I know that Gary and Larry will only continue to make it better. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we will first go to the side of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: I had a couple of questions. First, Mark, maybe you can discuss the rationale for the Co-CEO structure and then once you are not the Chairman, should we expect the CEO and Chairman role to be with one person or would it be split? And then on the business, just at Liberty National, the margins has actually been steadily improving, they were 24.5%, I think, this quarter, 22.9% first quarter last year. It seems like expense levels have declined, but whats your expectation for margins there?
Mark McAndrew: 
 : As far as Liberty National, yes, the margins have improved. I would expect they will stay at about the same level, at least for the balance of this year, Jimmy, somewhere in that 24% to 25% range. Thats what we have assumed in our guidance.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And then just comments on the Chairman and CEO?
Mark McAndrew: Well again, I am going to stay on at least through June 13. In fact I will intend to at least finish out my term, which will be April 14. Beyond that, it really hasnt been decided at this point. So thats something that we will continue to discuss.
Operator: Next we will go to the site of Christopher Giovanni of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: I guess a question just for Gary. When you made the comment about lowering the discount rate to 4.75% and then grading it up to 6.5% over seven years, if you have kind of decided to keep it at 4.75%, what impact would that have as we think about the balance sheet or the income statement?
Gary Coleman: These slightly higher reserves than say if were I think at 5.75% for 2011 issues, but I think the more of the impact you would see on the financial statements, if we kept this over time right now, the weighted average discount rate is right around 5.6%. If we kept we used a 4.75% for succeeding years you would see that rate come down. But remember this just applies to 2012 issues, so it takes a while for that rate to come down, but if you continue at 4.75% for several years, at some point it would start moving from the 6.6% down toward the 4.75%.
Mark McAndrew:  Chris, I'll also point out too that when we analyzed before, for example, American Income, if we lowered 100 basis points our interest rate assumptions and kept them 100 basis points lower throughout the life of the business, it would take a 2% to 3% rate adjustment to maintain our profitability. And again we did put through January 1 of this year, a 5% rate increase at American Income as well as most of the products at Globe Life. So while it will have a negative impact on our excess investment income that will also be offset by higher underwriting margins going forward as a result of the rate increases.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs:  Okay, that's where I was going to next. So at this point there is not a real need to adjust pricing any further. You kind of got what you needed you think currently in American Income?
Gary Coleman: No. Even if we had to go to 4.75% and maintain that, the rate adjustments we put through are more than adequate to maintain our profitability.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: In terms of the low investment grade. I guess the NAIC Class 3 and 4 buckets looked like they increased a bit sort of sequentially here. Can you talk a little bit about what drove that?
Gary Coleman: Well, most of that occurred in the bank converts that we have and I believe as Moody's downgrade us by one notch, which would not have pushed them into the below investment grade category normally, but under the new rules that were passed last year regarding the hybrid type securities, that one notch downgrade under those new rules moved them into a class that goes into the SVO class for low investment grade bonds. It's a little bit of an unusual item but the quality of those bonds are not impaired in any measure. As a matter of fact, just on a normal basis, just on a standard grading, they are not below investment grade bonds, they just are as SVO classifies them.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: 
Okay. And t:
Mark McAndrew: I'll take the first part of that, Gary, and then I'll let you. I think the only position in the Company that has a mandatory retirement age today is the CEO, which currently is set at 65, but that always through Board action could be adjusted going forward. But right now there is a mandatory retirement for the CEO at 65. Gary?
Gary Coleman: I don't look for any major changes in our business model. Larry and I have been involved in this Company for many years, as Mark said and we care firm believers in the model. I think there will be changes as our insurance markets change and also as the financial markets change we will adjust them as we have over the years. So, I think there'll be changes but I don't think you will see major changes in the fundamentals of how we operate the business.
Larry Hutchison: Like what Gary said, I agree with that. Our immediate focus is to have a seamless transition and to continue the type of growth we have experienced in 2011 and 2012.
Operator: We will go to the site of John Nadel with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: A couple of quick ones. I'm just curious about, I know that we just talked about discount rates and I'm just curious. I saw on the release that the discount rate on the net policy liability is in the excess investment income segment were actually up year-over-year. I guess I'm just curious, just given what rates have done, why up and not down?
Mark McAndrew: Well John, you have to remember that it is truly a discount rate. We are not setting rates or crediting interest to policy order fronts. This is simply the discount rate we used to calculate the reserves with DAC. And although weve lowered the discount rate used last year, you got to remember that discount rate that we set each year applies only to policies issued in that year. So at 4.75% now in 2012 issues over 90% of our reserves are for policies issued prior to 2011, and during that period of time part we were using a discount rate somewhere, at times 6% and at times its high as 7%, so between the 6% and 7%. So when you rate all those issue years together thats where you get to a little under 6% and over time, I think actually you will see that rate go up just slightly and it is going to level off and then as I mentioned earlier, if we continue at 4.75% in several years from now, you will see that trending down toward the 4.75%. Right now it is just the weighted average rate because of all of the many years of issue that we have out there is higher than what we are for the current year issues.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And so to Marks point earlier in response to Chris, pricing actions that you have taken, we should essentially see a shift in the profitability to more underwriting earnings and maybe excess investment income is a modest offset to that?
Mark McAndrew: Over the long term, John, thats true.
Gary Coleman: Its not the fact that we are not going to have a spread. We are still going to have spread over what we are earning on the assets over what that discount is on; its just going to be little bit smaller than it has been in the past.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Understood. And then just another quick one on excess investment income. I noticed the invested assets dropped about $300 million at the end of 1Q versus the end of 2011, so quarter-over-quarter. I was sort of surprised to see a drop at that level. Could you explain what happened there and then maybe an outlook for the remainder of the year? I assume it grows from here.
Gary Coleman:  I dont have a good answer for that at the moment, but our projection is that it will grow around the 4% range for the year.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And then lastly I know Mark, you updated us on Medicare Part D on the revenues for the year. Obviously, things going better than you originally expected a few months ago. What's your outlook for sales there for the remainder of the year? Obviously, we're through the biggest part of the seasonal sales cycle.
Mark McAndrew: Well again, we picked up a large number on January 1, but what's really exceeding our expectations is the number of new enrollees that we're getting each month from either people just turning 65 or people just qualifying for the low income subsidy, and that number, we have been averaging about 6,800 a month, where initially we were only assuming 2,000 to 3,000 of those new people each month. So, we now expect to pick up over 75,000 during the course of the year and that will be pretty smooth through the year. So, if you look at the first quarter sales numbers we expect the ongoing sales to stay up at about that level.
Gary Coleman: John I might add, if you look at the assets with the picks at market value, one thing the unrealized gains or losses, as I mentioned earlier were at $873 million that were $964 million at the end of December 31. So, we had a $90 million drop just from that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: 
 :
Operator:
 :
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays:  Could you update us on your outlook for sales in American Income and Direct based on the better than expected first quarter results? And then also given your positive comments on Liberty, when do you think sales in that business could turn positive? 
Mark McAndrew: In our guidance there is probably still a little conservatism built in there. At American Income, we're assuming 14% to 15% growth in our sales this year, which again, we were at 17% in the first quarter. So, I think there is a good chance that we will beat what we've built in our guidance. At Globe, I think there also in our guidance we're just assuming mid to high single-digit growth in sales there. There is still some uncertainty there. So, I don't think we've being overly optimistic but as far as Liberty National, again I think we'll see sequential growth going forward but if I look back at last year, I feel confident that we'll have grown by the fourth quarter and sales year-over-year, I would expect the third quarter will be close to flat, but if I look a year from now, when we're comparing to the first quarter this year, I expect to see strong double-digit growth in sales a year from now at Liberty.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Okay great and then just on Globe, I think you had said partway through the first quarter, you were seeing introductory offers of about 30% year-over-year. Is that still the case?
Mark McAndrew: Well I think first quarter; it's running a little over 20%, the number of new enquiries coming in versus a year ago. So that is still going well, but again, that's why I mentioned we're starting with the 6% reduction just from the change in our underwriting. So, if I look at the 9% growth we had in first quarter, without that change in underwriting would have been more like 15% growth. So, that tampers it somewhat when we're comparing year-over-year. But I'm still very pleased with where it's at, and particularly if gas prices come down and the economy continues to improve, we may significantly beat that but at this point; we don't want to be overly optimistic in our projections.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Okay great and then just finally on the CEO transition, given your mandatory retirement age and I believe Gary and Larry are about the same age as you, should we consider this a long-term leadership structure?
Mark McAndrew: Well, Gary is actually older than me, but Larry, you are what, 58?
Larry Hutchison: 58.
Mark McAndrew: So, Gary is 59.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Mark McAndrew: So, for the last six, seven years before they hit the current mandatory retirement age. That mandatory retirement age can easily be extended through the Board action. So Gary, Larry, Ill let you put your two cents worth in.
Larry Hutchison: Well, certainly my concern is in the interim move, Gary and I committed to the company now that to be here at least for the next seven, eight years, Gary?
Gary Coleman: I agree to what Larry said. This is not an interim move; this is definitely something that we are committed to.
Operator: We will next go to the site of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Mark, I heard a lot of better than expected trends, particularly on the sales and Liberty National margins and a view that's up and I didnt hear anything thats worse than you thought it was, yet you didnt change your guidance. Is it just too early in the year to talk about changing the range or was there something that sort of offsets all these positives you highlighted?
Mark McAndrew: Bob, the only thing, if I look at our earnings per share for the first quarter, I know we missed the street by a penny, but we are actually about a penny ahead of where we thought would be. We do have a number of things that are doing better than we anticipated, but the only thing, Bob, that offsets that is the price we paid on our share repurchase was more than  when we originally came out with that guidance, the stock was at $38. So that has tampered it somewhat, it is reasonably left at where it is. Again, I expect we will narrow that range as the year particularly next quarter, but right now the improved results offset the higher share price.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: And it sounds like the Liberty National margins are an ongoing plus, right, that we should factor in?
Mark McAndrew: Well I think where they are at today is I think we are going to try to maintain that. I wouldnt expect continued upward movement in those margins.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: But still year-over-year its going to be helped in your three more quarters, and you werent building that into your original?
Mark McAndrew: We were expecting better margins. When we did our guidance, we were expecting improved margins in the life business at Liberty.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: To this extent?
Mark McAndrew: Well not too far off. We knew as a result of the DAC write-down that the margins at Liberty would go up as a result of the cost savings and the restructuring that we have done at Liberty. They have moved more of those costs to variable costs. So, that was by design.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I think you are following C.B's path. Didnt he retire a bit early, around this similar age?
Mark McAndrew: He retired at 60 and I became CEO and he stayed on as Chairman for a year when he turned 59. So, you are very astute Bob, its basically exactly the same transition that we had with C.B.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Are you going to follow his path and play Blackjack tournaments too?
Mark McAndrew: Probably not, but one never knows.
Operator: The next question comes from site of Ed Spehar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Mark, I was wondering, I missed if you said something on the Medicare supplement business. How should we think about that over the next few years, and to what extent should we think about it differently if for some reason we get in a Supreme Court ruling that voids the health reform?
Mark McAndrew:  Well, I'll talk to it and I'll also let Larry address some of that. Right now, Ed, especially in the independent agency side of United American, we're starting to see some growth there, but again, it's not going to be a major contributor to our growth. I still hope that that continues to improve over the next two, three years. Larry, you want to address the?
Larry Hutchison: Ed, the health reform really didn't address Medicare Supplement, that was an exempted product. We're seeing lots of proposals right now in Washington that deals everything for benefit structures to loss ratios. Our information is there's no immediate change that restricts the Medicare systems. Probably the earliest will be 2014. There is a lot of uncertainty, we don't know which parties are going to be control with, we don't know who is going to really shape future changes of Medicare. We know there are going to be changes, of all depths of those changes, and we have played in that market. I can just say at this time, it's a little early to say exactly where Medicare will be in 2014, 2015, and 2016.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Mark, hopefully now you'll have more opportunities to drive your car a quarter mile at the time. 
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Paul Sarran with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: I wanted to ask first about the American Income agent growth. And I guess my question is how many new agents can you handle per middle management? The reason I ask is because you seem to be adding in a lot new agents at a lot faster rate than you're growing the middle management ranks. I'm wondering if that becomes a limiting factor at some point.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I don't see it as a limiting factor. Yes, the number of new hires was up over 50% in the first quarter versus our middle management ranks were up 29%, but one of the things that we were very successful in doing was, the number of middle management people that we have that hired and trained a new person increased significantly from a year ago. We did in the middle of last year put out a new incentive program to try to get more of our middle management involved in the recruiting and training and that appears to have been very successful. But not only did we increased the number of middle managers by 29%; we also increased the percentage of those that actually recruited and trained someone. So, can we maintain 50%, 60% growth? That's going to be difficult. But can we continue to grow our middle management ranks by 30%, 40% a year? Yes, we can. I don't see it as a real limiting factor. Actually, the more new people that we're hiring and bringing on, those people  as our agent base gets larger, the candidates that move into middle management becomes larger.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Okay. You got a question about Liberty margins. I wanted to ask you about American Income, where margins improved somewhere around 100 to 200 basis points year-over-year, and it looks like it was mainly driven by lower expenses. How sustainable is that and is there any room to push expenses lower or is that about as large you can get it?
Mark McAndrew: Obviously, as we continue to grow, we do have some fixed expenses there such as management salaries and travel that will give us some improvement in our expense margins, but again at American income, the vast majority of our cost there are variable cost, they are commissions and those will grow as sales grows. So, I don't anticipate any major improvement in the margins there, although we did put through again 5% rate increase in the beginning of this year which over time will add a little bit to the underwriting margin, but we dont anticipate it really improving from where it is but we expect to be able to maintain where it is at.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: At Global you talked about 20% higher new increase and then if we offset that by the 6% impact from the new underwriting standards, that still would seem to suggest mid-teen sales growth, which is higher than what you're guiding to, so you mentioned uncertainty whats causing you to getting that.
Mark McAndrew: You need to understand the inquiries is from our Insert Media segment, which is little over half of our total sales. The other half come from our direct mail program, it's been relatively flat in comparison. So the 22% does not pertain to all of the direct response business. So thats what part of the reason why I get back to mid-to-high single digits in growth.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: So, you said responses at the direct mail were pretty flat year-over-year?
Mark McAndrew: Right now our direct response sales a relatively pretty flat from a year ago.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Is that also impacted by the new underwriting?
Mark McAndrew: Yes it would be.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: And then last question, you have a $53 million at the holding company, do you expect to drive down any further or is $50 million kind of where you think you will keep a buffer for the rest of the year?
Mark McAndrew:  I still anticipate maintaining somewhere in that $50 million. Gary, do you have any...?
Gary Coleman: No, I think we will be right around $50 million.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Gary, just to make sure that I am clear here, you are planning as of right now to spend the $295 million that you detailed before 21 less the $126 million spend so far?
Gary Coleman: That was a variable and I am sure we will spend most of that.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay and then lot of questions has been asked, but I do want to go back to the ACA question for Larry. I believe Larry that there is going to be or supposedly whether it happens or not remains to be seen, but a lot of money going away from the Part C program, is that correct?
Larry Hutchison: I think thats correct, but again, all this is proposed at this point. I think we are going to have a gridlock in Congress through the remainder of the year, but I think next year you will see that those proposals actually take shape and better able to predict exactly what the Medicare system is going to look like. I have seen everything from Class A and B together to changes to see and it's just, as we make proposals, it's hard to sort out and say exactly what the Medicare system looks like. We know it's going to change a little depth of those changes.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Is there anything in the I haven't see it, but just to make it clear, is there anything in ACA to effect Part D?
Larry Hutchison: I haven't seen anything with respect to Part D, really the proposals are dealt with potentially Medicare systems.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead your line is open.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: You had previously discussed some efforts to try to improve persistency in your policy retention. Did you had a lot of success on that front and is there more we might anticipate?
Mark McAndrew: It's actually going very well. I'm pleased with the results there. In the first quarter, we ran a little bit ahead of our goal. Our new initiatives on conservation, we conserved a little over $7.4 million of premium versus our target of $7.1 million. We still project that we'll conserve something over $31 million of life premium this year through our new conservation efforts. So, very pleased with where it's at and it's actually running about 4% of where we thought it would be.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: How about the Medicare Part D margins, with good growth in policies? Is the mix similar? How should we think about profitability then going forward?
Mark McAndrew: Again, even with the low income subsidize and release, the product that we're selling there has the same underwriting margins as the product we were selling to individuals. So, we expect the current margin as a percentage of premiums to basically maintain that margin going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Vincent Lowry with Morningstar. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vincent Lowry - Morningstar: Most of my questions have been answered, the discount grade related to business and a way of new business. So, I just want to go back and talk a little bit about the direct response. I understand that, Mark you indicated there are more rejections to the applications due to the new underwriting standard, but do you see any change in demographic composition or how it's used in the markets that you serve in general?
Mark McAndrew: Well, no. I haven't really seen a lot of change in the demographics. Again, in our insert media side, our demographics are a little lower income and they are in the direct mail side. That's why it tends to have been more impacted by the economy. So, there is some pressure, but we haven't seen anything that's going to change in our demographics.
Vincent Lowry - Morningstar: So, you basically just string it from the underwriting stand as to sort of improve the mortality expense?
Mark McAndrew: Absolutely, yes. Again, the trick in our direct response is it has to be something that's low cost and efficient because of the large numbers we're dealing with, and utilizing that prescription drug records. It did point out that about 6% of the policies that we had been issuing were really people that were uninsurable. So, it definitely is improving our mortality and improving our margins. We're making more profit but we're issuing less business.
Vincent Lowry  Morningstar: Okay. Can you kind of comment on the current rejection rate versus the historical one in this direct response business?
Mark McAndrew: It varies by product and by market. I don't I have those, it's something we could provide for you, but I don't have those in front of me.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Jeff Schuman with KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: I want to talk first a little bit more about Part D. The premium increase there this year is still large that actually changes the growth there of the entire Company, which is certainly great for 2012. You talked a little bit about 2013 last quarter, but I was wondering if you could just kind of update your thoughts on whether Part D is likely to go up, down or sideways next year?
Mark McAndrew: In fact we are doing our pricing right now for I think, by the 1st of June we have to have our pricing for 2013. Dealing with our pharmacy benefits manager, we think we've come up with some ideas to continue to have a positive impact on our pricing. Its impossible to project at this point of what 2013 is going to look like, but right now we are optimistic that well not only maintain, but hopefully see additional growth in 2013 from Part D.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: And in terms of the share that you have gained this year, did it come primarily at the expense of a couple of companies who could directly or did it come very broadly from the entire market?
Mark McAndrew: Well Im not sure that I know, I dont know exactly where those came from, but again its something that well get back to you on.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay and then with regard to the CEO transition, Mark you talked about Gary and Larry having some complementary skills, and Im just wondering if they could share with us any preliminary thoughts about how they might organize themselves, for example, all of the lines and functions are going to report to both of them simultaneously or there will be some division to focus on how they are thinking about that.
Mark McAndrew: Gary and Larry, Ill let you respond to that.
Larry Hutchison: Just a division of focus, on a day-to-day basis. Ill be in-charge of the TMK Marketing, the CEOs report to me. Ill continue with the legal compliance, the HR functions. Gary, why dont you speak to your day-to-day reporting?
Gary Coleman:  Jeff, I will continue with the investments financial reporting, investor relations and internal, all of those areas, but in addition to that, the actuarial area will report to me and also the administrative area, but I would like to in size we are doing that from the David's standpoint, helping the operations, but all material decisions will be made jointly by Larry and me.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will go next to the site of Sam Hoffman with Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sam Hoffman - Nomura: I want to ask a question about the initiatives underway at Liberty National. Can you talk about the leading indicators that you are seeing that indicate to you whether or not are those initiatives going to work and then in the worst case, if they dont work, can you just go back to the $7 million of sales each quarter or there kind of downside case because you are undergoing an organizational restructuring that could unravel further?
Mark McAndrew: Sam, I will address it. I feel very confident that Liberty National is going through a turnaround and I am very confident that the initiatives will work. Again, we Steve to Charles, we moved him from American Income as well as Roger Smith as CEO, I think are doing an outstanding job. I think the attitudes at Liberty are better than they have been in quite some time. As far as the early indicators, our recruiting is growing and obviously, the agent count in the last eight to nine weeks has consistently grown. So, I dont have a contingency plan because I dont feel like I need one. I feel strongly that Liberty is on the right track moving forward and I think over the next couple of quarters it will be apparent to everyone.
Sam Hoffman - Nomura: And then one other follow-up question. Youve obviously had an enormously successful run at Torchmark, outperforming every other company in the industry by a wide margin, and now as a large shareholder of the Company stock, do you intend to hold your stock in the Company through your retirement in 2013 and 2014 as well as your options. I'm not sure how the program works. Maybe you could comment a bit upon that, and then certainly your intentions to hold your stock through the turnaround of Liberty National and the continued growth of the other businesses which you're doing so well?
Mark McAndrew: I definitely intend to hold my stock, not just through the transition, but I intend to hold it, and definitely I think our stock is still undervalued by historic standards. I think our prospects for growth again I think are the best they've been in my 10 years as CEO. You may see, as far as options and in fact  because the change in the accounting rules on options, we can no longer do reload that we used to do in the past, but now every office here has options that expire each year. Even if we take the equity from those options and convert it into outright shares, it will still show up as Company stock. So, you may see some of that. In fact, you will see some of that because everyone has options that expire each year, but that does not mean that we're selling shares. In fact, typically most people are converting those to outright ownership shares.
Sam Hoffman - Nomura: Great and then the program that you have at this point, it doesn't like require you to exercise all of your options and sell them upon your retirement, you can basically rest and whatever you like. 
Mark McAndrew: That's one of the nice things. At age 60, I have at least five years, Larry?
Larry Hutchison: That's correct.
Mark McAndrew: So on all the options, I have at least five years before I have to exercise those.
Operator:  There are no further questions in queue, so I'd like to turn it back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we hope you have a great day. See you next quarter.
Operator:  That does conclude your teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary Coleman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Larry Hutchison - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Mike Majors - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Steven Schwartz - Raymond James John Nadel - Sterne Agee Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good day and welcome to Torchmark Corporations Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mark McAndrew, Chairman and CEO of Torchmark Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $128 million or $1.25 per share. A per share increase of 12% from a year ago. Net income for the fourth quarter was $126 million or $1.23 per share, a 4% decline on a per share basis. For the full year, operating income per share grew 10% to $4.68 while net income per share increased 12% to $4.72. Excluding FAS 115, on return on equity 14.2% for the quarter and our book value per share was $35.59, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 25% for the year to $41.54 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue excluding United Investors grew 4% to $432 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $121 million. Net life sales for the quarter increased 5% to $81 million. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $157 million and life underwriting margin was up 5% to $51 million. Net life sales increased 11% for the quarter to $37 million. The producing agent count at year-end was 4381, up 12% from a year ago. I continue to be excited by the growth prospects of American Income. While the agent count dipped slightly in the fourth quarter, it has rebounded strongly in January to over 4600. Our middle sales management ranks have grown 29% in the past year. As expected, we saw double digit life sales growth in the fourth quarter which we expect to continue throughout 2012. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $146 million, and life underwriting margin was also up 6% to $36 million. Net life sales were up 8% to $33 million. We are beginning to see the impact on the increase in certain media circulation which we began in the third quarter. We expect to see similar or better sales growth through at least the first three quarter of 2012. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 3% to $71 million and life underwriting margin was down 1% to $16 million. Net life sales declined 23% to $8 million while net health sales grew 43% to $5 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National at year-end was 1345, down 33% for the year. Since our last call, we have made some management changes at Liberty National. Roger Smith, the CEO of American Income has also been appointed CEO of Liberty National, and Steve DiChiaro, a very successful SGA at American Income, was brought in as Chief Marketing Officer. These management changes have been very well received by the Liberty National sales force and I am optimistic that we will begin to see a turnaround at Liberty National in the next 6 to 9 months. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 5% to $179 million, and health underwriting margin also declined 5% to $34 million. Health net sales grew 7% in the quarter to $21 million. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D declined 5% to $48 million, while underwriting margin was down 23% to $7 million. Part D sales for the quarter increase to $97 million versus $14 million a year ago, primarily as a result of low income subsidized enrollees which we discussed on the last call. The volume of business form new low income subsidized enrollees who turned 65, has been a positive development. While we expected to enroll roughly 2000 per month, for January and February we have averaged closer to 6000. We now expect to add 50,000 to 75000 additional enrollees turning 65 in 2012 versus our prior estimate of 24000. Administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, up 2% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, capital and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our website are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of December 31, 2011. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $11.4 billion, including $10.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. There is no exposure to European sovereign debt and there are no commercial mortgage-backed securities or securities backed by subprime or Alt-A mortgages. Of the fixed maturities, $10.2 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus. Below investment grade bonds are $701 million compared to $863 million a year ago. The $162 million decline this year is due primarily to $140 million of dispositions and $22 million of net upgrades. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 6.4%, compared to 8.3% at the end of 2010. With a portfolio of leverage at three times, the percentage of below-investment grade bonds to equity excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 19%, which is less than most of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. We have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $964 million compared to gains of $942 million at the end of the third quarter, and $108 million a year ago. The increase in unrealized gains in the fourth quarter is due primarily to slight declines in treasury yields and credit spreads. Regarding investment yield, in the fourth quarter we invested $273 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 5.22%, an average rating of A minus and an average life of 28 years. For the year, we invested $1.1 billion at an average yield of 5.65% and an average rating of A minus. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 6.52% compared to 6.54% in the previous quarter and 6.65% in the fourth quarter of 2010. The decline in yield is due to the lower new money yields. As of December 31, yield on the portfolio is 6.49%. Regarding RBC, as we have said before we plan to maintain our capital to level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last few years that level has been around an NASC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but is sufficient for our companies in the light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although we havent finalized our 2011 statutory financial statements, we expect that RBC at 12/31/11 will be around the 325% target. Now regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the fourth quarter we used $67 million to buy 1.7 million Torchmark shares. For the year, we spent $788 million to acquire 18.9 million shares or 16% of the diluted outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. At December 31, the parent company had liquid assets of $74 million. In addition to these assets the parents will generate additional free cash in 2012. We define annual free cash flow as a dividend received from the subsidiaries less interest expense and less the dividends paid to our shareholders. Assuming shareholder dividends at the current level, we expect free cash flow in 2012 to be around $350 million to $360 million. Thus, including the $74 million of assets on hand, we will have approximately $425 million to $435 million of cash available to the parent during the year. To date in 2012, we have used $16 million of this cash to buy 355,000 Torchmark shares. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If marketing conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use for those funds. Now, before I turn the call back to Mark, I would like to discuss the impact of the new accounting rules for DAC. As of January 1,2012, the company will adopt ASU 2010-26, which changes the rules regarding the deferral acquisition cost. This standard will change the timing of GAAP profits to the extent that certain expenses deferred currently will now be deferred under the new rules. However, it does not affect our overall profitability, cash flows, or statutory earnings. We will elect to adopt the new rules retroactively, which means that DAC will be written down to the level as if the new standard has been in place from prior periods. Going forward, the earnings impact will be the combination of the reduction in expenses deferred on newly issued policies, somewhat offset by the reduced amortization of DAC resulting from the retroactive write-down. We currently estimate that the retroactive write-down will be around 16% of the current DAC assets, which will result in around a 10% reduction in GAAP equity excluding net unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturities. In addition, we expect that 2012 earnings will be 1% to 2% or $0.06 to $0.08 per share lower than they would have been under the old rules. And that ROE, excluding net unrealized gains or losses, will rise from the current 14% level to 15%, to 16%. These estimates were included in our guidance for 2012. Those are my comments, I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2012, we continue to expect our net operating income per share will be in a range of $5.10 to $5.40 per share. And those are my comments for this morning. Gwyn, I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Thank you, good morning. First for Mark, on recruiting trends. You mentioned that the American Income agent count recovered a bit, but if you could just give us an idea on what caused the decline in the fourth quarter and your outlook for agents there? Then also at Liberty National, the agent count dropped. I think you obviously made a lot of changes in December in that business. Should we expect another drop in the agent count there or has most of the disruption already occurred? And then lastly, Gary, you mentioned the $350 million to $360 million of free cash flow. You gave numbers for cash at the holding company but I missed those, so if you could just repeat those as well?
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Well, first off, Jimmy, on as far as American Income recruiting -- and Im not sure if it was the way the holidays fell, we did see a drop off the last couple of weeks of the year which caused a little dip there. The fourth quarter is never a particularly strong recruiting quarter for us although the January and early February resulted in very strong -- recruiting is up significantly and our agent retention is improving and the middle management counts are growing. So, I feel very good about where its at. Actually, if I look at the agent count at the end of January, were up 24% from where we were at the same time a year ago. So, I am very optimistic about where American Income is. At Liberty National, I think, I have all the confidence in the world in Roger and Steve but, realistically, I think its going to take six months to get to recruiting and training and sales processes in place at Liberty. I think well see the declines slow, but I would still expect to probably see a small decline in the first quarter and hopefully a turnaround from there. But I really think it will be the second half of the year before we really see the results of the turnaround at Liberty. Gary?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Jimmy, as I said at the beginning of the year we have $74 million of cash on hand and well supplement that with cash this year, additional cash of $350 million or $360 million of free cash flow.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay. And most of that -- how much do you intend to -- I think you mentioned most of that you intend to use for buybacks, but how much would you want to keep just as a cushion out of that amount?
Gary Coleman: I think wed probably want to keep a cushion of around $50 million, maybe a little bit higher. I think there is no specific need of whatever they were targeting. We just feel like we should have some cushion and that number feels about right.
Mark McAndrew: Jimmy, the midpoint of our guidance, were assuming that were going to spend about $90 million a quarter on share repurchase.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay. Got you. And then, just following up on the Liberty comments. Have you seen -- and you mentioned the agent count being up at American Income, but at Liberty, have you seen the agent count drop further so far this quarter?
Mark McAndrew: As of now, its down about 4% from where it was at year-end. So its still down a little bit from where we were at year-end.
Operator: And we will go next to Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Hey, thanks. Just on Liberty National, appreciate the comments on the management change there, but it seems like weve been talking about, you all have been talking about things you can do there, which has included I think closing offices and potentially changing product profiles and maybe compensation. But if you could elaborate on kind of what else the new management team there might change going forward. Id be interested to kind of get a little bit more color on what they might expect to improve at Liberty?
Mark McAndrew: Well, the main thing, Randy, is really getting more organized in our recruiting and training of new agents. We, at American Income, we have systems in place where it is an ongoing every week process of here is how you recruit, and every SGA that we have there is recruiting every week and the middle management team that we have there is, theyre recruiting on a weekly basis. We just need to implement similar processes at Liberty National and that really hasnt been put in place in the past. So, its primarily about improving the recruiting and training processes at Liberty. And again, were starting with a handful of offices and then well expand it from there. But realistically, its going to take us six to nine months, I think, to get all of the Liberty offices on board with those processes.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: And so, you dont think that youll have to close -- I guess two-follows ups would be -- you dont think youll have to close any more offices and I guess what I am hearing is that you think this is something that can be addressed. Its not a macro issue of trouble getting folks to sign up for a commission sales job, gas prices or anything like that. You really think its, I guess youre not going to have to close more offices and you think its really isolated to training or recruiting.
Mark McAndrew: Now when we had Liberty managers meeting here a couple of weeks ago where we introduced Roger and Steve to them, and basically I told Im -- were through closing offices. No, I dont expect the number of offices to decline further. I think the managers that we have are enthusiastic. We just need to show them a little better how to recruit and how to train, and I have all the confidence in the world that by the end of 2012 well see a turnaround there.
Operator: And we will go next to Sarah DeWitt with Barclays Capital.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. How are you thinking about the growth in the health earnings longer term? Is this now a growth business for you and if not, what do you view as the end game for that business?
Mark McAndrew: Well, our emphasis is going to continue to be on the life, but we are seeing some improvement in the Medicare supplement marketplace, which is a market weve been in since the 1960s. So its a business were very comfortable with. And particularly were seeing actually, on our general agency and direct response, were actually seeing some growth in our Medicare supplement sales as well as our premiums. I Dont expect to see any -- were not anticipating major growth there but well take all of that business we can get. So I think over the next three or five years I think well start to see some growth in our Medicare supplement line of business. Liberty National, most of their growth in health sales are coming from supplemental products sold through the worksite, similarly to the AFLAC type products. Were very comfortable with those products, have been selling them for a number of years and we expect to see continued growth in that marketplace. So, in those specific markets were very comfortable with the products that we have and I think well continue to see growth in those health sales.
Sarah DeWitt - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then, what are your expectations for the Part D sales in 2012 based on the higher enrollment that youre seeing?
Mark McAndrew: Well, that is, as I mentioned, a positive. Where we did pick up about 77,000 new people at beginning of the year and where we were anticipating picking up 2,000 a month. Its been running closer to 6,000 a month, people turning 65. And the average premium on that, monthly premium is right at $100. So, you can multiply that out. It is -- well lets see if Ive got it here somewhere. We started the year, I believe, with $195 million of annual premium in-force. By year-end, we expect that to be about $328 million of in-force. I think we expect to have about a little over $300 million of collected premium for the year.
Operator: And we will go next to Paul Sarran with Evercore Partners.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Good morning. A couple of questions. I guess first, given the decline at Liberty, can you talk about whether it still makes sense to run it as a separate company apart from American Income? Second, I was hoping that you could help us reconcile some capital figures from the third quarter to year-end. I think there was $166 million of capital at the holdco at the third quarter. I was hoping you could walk us through how you get down to $74 million. And then just lastly, do you still see buybacks as the most likely use for your free cash flow this year or is there anything on the acquisition front you might be interested in?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, Ill take the first one. As far as Liberty, it does still make sense to operate as a separate company. American Income, there are enough differences between the two that it would be very difficult to merge the two. American Income agents are all unionized. They are all union members, which is a niche that we like, but, and it still comes down to, even though all new agents that were hiring at Liberty National are independent contractors, the existing agents and management continue to be employees which would not work well in the American Income environment. Liberty National has a good name in its market and we believe it can grow on its own. So we intend to continue to operate it as a separate entity. Gary, you want to talk about the capital?
Gary Coleman: Sure, yeah, Paul, we started the quarter with $166 million. The free cash for just the fourth quarter, and again, thats dividend less the interest expense, and our dividend payments for the shareholders was $13 million. That gets you to $179 million. From that we used $68 million for share repurchases and we also used $25,000 to make a capital contribution to one of our insurance subsidiaries. And then that leaves another $12 million that was a net of several different parent company expenses. But if you net all those down, you get down to the $74 million.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Okay. And was there anything specific that prompted the contribution to the insurance company?
Gary Coleman: Well, the primary reason for that is there was a -- the NAIC changed the way it treats some trust preferred or hybrid securities. And depending on the level of the purchase price versus the par value, there they raised the capital requirements for those particular bonds and so that was unexpected, that was adopted during the year. And so this additional $25 million is put down there just to make sure that we stayed around our 325% target.
Paul Sarran - Evercore Partners: Okay. And then the question on buybacks or use of free cash flow?
Mark McAndrew: Paul, overall, as far as the acquisition front, we continue to keep our eyes open. We continue to talk to investment bankers. But right now still dont see anything on the short-term horizon that were interested in. As far as buybacks versus dividends, weve been gradually increasing our dividends last few years. Were still -- were at a lower yield than our peers. We may see some acceleration in the dividends, but again what weve been doing, if you look at our free cash including money spent for dividends, were running about $400 million to $410 million a year. Weve been using about $50 million for dividends. We may see that go up a little bit, but we still expect the bulk of it to be used for share repurchase.
Operator: And we will go next to Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about lapse rates and conservation. If I look at your life insurance lapse rate exhibit that you publish, I mean the lapse rates do move around from quarter to quarter. They are impacted by the mix of first year and renewal, but on the surface it certainly looks like the lapse rates are trending better. Do you think thats a real trend and is it related to the conservation efforts, or how do you see that?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I definitely think its a real trend, particularly at American Income, which again, thats where we focused our initial efforts. Were seeing some positive trend. In fact I didnt really mention it in my comments, but our new initiatives this year on conservation, we conserved just over $12 million of annualized premium. Now about half of that was at American Income. Next year we expect those initiatives conserve over $31 million of premium, is our estimate right now. So were starting to see some impact and thats a reason we started publishing that exhibit, but I think well see more of an impact over the next 12 to 24 months as we continue to expand those conservation initiatives.
Operator: And we will go next to Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. Good morning. I guess one of the things I was surprised by was the increase in the discount rate, albeit, modestly. Just curious kind of whats driving the increase there given the continued decline in the effective portfolio yield?
Gary Coleman: Chris, its really due to the mix of business. Youll remember that most of our life business is protection type business. So not accrediting interest to policyholder accounts, the discount rate is truly a discount rate used to calculate the reserves. And for policies issued in 2011, we did drop the discount rate to 5.75% which in prior years have been leaning closer to 6.5%. But the 2011 issues were having, this is a small impact when you look at the overall block of business that we have. And so, the increase is coming from the fact that they have more of the business at those higher rates for the few years prior to 2011. But I think the right way is, its not going to go up much from here, and in the long run it will start trending down.
Mark McAndrew: Actually, Chris, as far as new business written in 2012, as Gary mentioned, we did lower the discount rate for business issued in 2011. We expect to lower that some more for the business written in 2012, although we will shed more light on that on the next call.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And are you thinking, I mean because your effective kind of new money yield here in quarter was 5.2%, so, should we be thinking about sort of an adjustment to the discount rate down somewhere closer to that level?
Gary Coleman: Well, actually, it could be a little bit lower. I think in the last call, we gave some assumptions what would happen over the next five years if we invested at 4.75%. And we also talked about maybe dropping the discount rate to 4.75% on 2012 issues. As Mark said, well decide on that in the first quarter, but I think it will be lower in the 5.22% and it may be lower than 5%.
Mark McAndrew: But, Chris, you need to understand that thats only on new business issued.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Mark McAndrew: And in, again, the midpoint of our guidance, weve assumed that we were going to lower it to 4.75, graded up to 6.5 over seven years, is what weve included in our guidance. Doesnt mean thats what were going to use, but that is what weve estimated on our guidance.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just finally, in terms of new money youre lowering the ratings, extending durations to try and protect the yields, but just curious to see if youre exploring any additional sort of investment strategies to help preserve yields. Whether its mortgage loans or alternative asset classes or you are going to kind of continue the same strategy you have been doing?
Gary Coleman: Well, first of all, we are not extending durations. Weve been investing in these durations for quite a few years and it all gets back to asset liability matching. Our liabilities are very long. Now also in terms of quality, we havent stepped down in quality. We have been at A minus level for new purchases for quite some time. I think there was one quarter we went down to BBB plus. But we really havent changed anything. Were being consistent with our investment strategy in the past. We look at alternative assets, but we have stayed away from mortgage loans as I mentioned in the beginning, stayed away from all -- whether its residential or commercial or whatever. And I think we feel more comfortable with investment grade corporate bonds and we dont like the lower yields but we feel better with the credit of those assets, the credit quality and I think thats what were going to stay with.
Mark McAndrew: Right. And also Chris as mentioned on the last call, we can adjust to lower interest rates. We did put through some rate increases January 1, in both Direct Response and American Income to offset the lower investment yield. We feel very comfortable with our investment strategy. We feel like it served us very well for a number of years now, and we expect to continue to that.
Operator: And we will go next to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Hey, good morning, everybody. I got three here, mostly some follow-ups I think. Just to follow-up on Chris question with regards to discount rate. Mark or Gary, could you remind us if you were to lower the discount rate to 4.75%, what would that do to your pricing?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again we did a study about a year ago. 100 basis points decline -- to reduce it 100 basis points caused us to, it would be 1% to 3% in most of our products. Would take 1% to 3% rate adjustment to offset 100 basis points lowering of discount rate. We put through about 5% increase at both American Income and some of the direct response products, January 1. So we feel like were ahead of that game.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. Great. And then, Genworth, in their conference call mentioned and issue with regards to GAAP accounting, and level term life insurance, I think thats a product that you guys provide. Are you aware of this of have any thoughts on it?
Mark McAndrew: You want to take that Gary?
Gary Coleman: I am really not aware. Can you give more detail?
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Yeah, as far as I understand, it has to do with the idea that a product conversion when the level term runs out, the pricing is significantly higher, which could lead to a situation where reserves go negative on these policies. Genworth had historically used the reserves as a negative and has decided to put a floor in the reserves to zero, so they cant have negative reserves?
Mark McAndrew: Gary? 
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Im sorry Steven. I really dont have an answer for that.
Mark McAndrew: Well, Ill point out, Steven, actually if you look at our business, most of our business is whole life. At American Income, Liberty National most of its whole life, even in the direct response. We showed some term business in direct response, but its termed to 100 or termed to 95. They are very long-term policies that we really dont see conversions.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, great.
Mark McAndrew: So its really not been an issue with us.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, and then one more, if I could. With regards to LNL and beating that dead horse. I am fascinated by the trends within the new recruits and the veteran agents. Veteran agents being up, new recruits being down. On the new recruit side, is this a function of -- youve said in the past, Mark, LNL was a place you went to work when you were looking for work.
Mark McAndrew: I remember that comment.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Has that really changed and is that whats driving the new recruits down and then whats leading to the veterans up?
Mark McAndrew: Well, theres no doubt closing as many offices as we did. Again we went from a 130 offices down to 70 in a little over a year. And part of the reason for that was just to get the expenses in line and get the profitability of the business up where it needs to be. So that had a big impact on recruiting. When you go from 130 managers down to 70, its going to impact the number of new agents we recruit. As far as, in fact I am looking at that number, I dont really have an answer, Steven, for why that went from 552 to 648 on the veteran agents. Ill look into it and I can have Mike get back to you on that.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. Great. And one more follow up if I could on this. You mentioned not closing anymore offices. I think youve discussed in the past that you could lose maybe a third of the officers due to the changes that you made. Do you think thats still an accurate assessment?
Mark McAndrew: No, I dont think it is anymore. Weve had -- since the last call, weve actually had two meetings, one prior to the management -- well, one about the time of the last call. We had another meeting, and the attitudes there are extremely good. The last meeting we had was the most positive meeting that I can ever recall having at Liberty. So, I dont -- we might lose a handful of managers but I think we have people to replace them. So, we dont anticipate closing off or I dont think well lose a third of the managers now.
Operator: And we will go next to John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hi, good morning, everybody. I was just thinking about, and maybe Garys commentary about the trust preferreds brought me back to it. Just thinking about the -- you guys had relatively large holdings in regional bank trust preferreds on the balance sheet. I think as we watch over the past several months at least. Weve been seeing more and more activity where these banks are redeeming these trust preferreds. Im wondering if youve seen or if you expect to see some of that type of activity with your holdings and what kind of reinvestment risk that might put you under to the extent you guys take proceeds and reinvest it 5.22% or lower?
Gary Coleman: John, I think weve only seen a couple issues called, and they were smaller ones. But we do have just under $750 million of bank trust preferreds, hybrids that would -- that are contingent calls. And we expect a large number of those to be called but up until recently, with the expectation that those calls would occur in 2013. But as you mentioned there is talk that some of the banks are instead avoiding for the change and that was tied to the change in the Tier 1 capital rules, but now there is some indications that some banks will say, well, when these rules are issued in 2012 that will be the triggering event thatll allow them to call the securities. So, we really dont know how thats going to work out, whether there will be sizable amount in 2012 or it will be 2013. Youre right, it will have an impact on our yield. The yields on those are just little over 7%. And if we refinance or reinvest at 4.75%, it would be a significant change to the yield. In the last call, we talked about, if we invested in rates at 4.75% for the next five years, what would happen to the portfolio yield and I think what we said at five years from now and so yield of 6.49% as it does today, the portfolio would be yielding 6%. Well in that, in those projections, we assume that these trust preferreds would be called and that the money would be reinvested at 4.75%. So, that projection is still good, the question is though, if it will, some of them happen in 2012 and we just dont know.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thats helpful. And just at the margin too, would you expect, particularly after the injection of the capital under the rule change, would you expect that, all else equal, if youre investing like you are today at roughly A minus that the risk-based capital requirements when you make that shift out of TruPS into higher grade corporate, do you expect the required capital to fall a bit?
Gary Coleman: Yes, it should, because as I mentioned earlier they have increased the capital charges on those trust preferreds. So I dont know how much the impact, but that would -- well, it would have a fairly significant impact on the capital. So that will be a plus.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you. And then I joined a little bit late and I am sorry if I missed this, maybe you addressed it, but obviously the Medicare Part D sales were extremely strong. Could you just give us, could you just remind us how to think about the pattern of the earned premium?
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Sure, John. Again we picked up -- well first off, the average monthly premium, we get premiums monthly, is right at $100, $98.86 on these auto-enrollees. We picked up 77,000 of those at the beginning of the year January 1. Actually -- and we had anticipated picking up an additional 2,000 people turning 65 each month, but through the first couple of months, that has actually run close through the 6,000 a month. So we now expect to pick up somewhere in the 50,000 to 75,000 additional enrollees turning 65 and again the monthly premium is right at $100. So you can -- I did make the comment that, if I look at total revenue, we had $197 million I think in 2011. We expect that to go to, our current estimate and our guidance is $306 million. I think maybe a little higher than that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And I recall in the press release no expectation of any meaningful change in your margin on that premium?
Mark McAndrew: No, we expect to continue roughly the same margin we had this year.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go next to Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So, just following the math on Johns question, which was 75% (margin). It means the 29 million of Medicare earnings will grow into the 40s, that will be a pretty good source of earnings growth. When you get into this Part D, I think originally, you guys said that this would be a good base of earnings with a good return on capital that would sort of grade down. Now it looks like it actually could be a source of earnings growth, prospectively?
Mark McAndrew: Well, definitely for 2012 it is, Bob, and its something we are already looking at what can we do for 2013 to not only hold on to what we have but hopefully increase the volume of auto enrollees that we receive. So, if we can -- assuming we can at least hold on to the 21 regions that were getting auto-enrollees, it would become a significant area of growth for us.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. I was wondering -- is Roger Smith on the call, is available for questions or no?
Mark McAndrew: No, hes not.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay.
Mark McAndrew: We might consider that in future quarters.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Well, I was going to say now that he is running two key business units, hes obviously quite busy.
Mark McAndrew: Yes, he is.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I can understand that. Hes got things to work on now, but itll be good for us to get some -- or him to have some visibility to investors, so we could see what hes focusing on, how he compares and contrasts Liberty to American Income. Because they are two different markets that youre applying sort of the same mousetrap of recruiting to. So, I was just wondering what nuances he is picking up and focusing on and where the opportunity is. But it sounds like, your answer for him is blocking and tackling and recruiting.
Mark McAndrew: Thats basically right Bob. They have become much more similar than what they were a year ago, two years ago, five years ago. And the basics of recruiting and training agents in markets are very similar. But I will think about your comment and at least try to get him on maybe one call here of the next two, Ill try to have him on.
Operator: And we will go next to Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Refresh me on what drives the sustainability on that very good pace of 6000 per month? What could make that go higher or lower? You mentioned youre getting the 21 regions with the auto-enrollees. How do you pick up more share there?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, I think there is 34 total regions. I think were getting the auto-enrollees in 21 of the 34. So, there is obviously 13 that were not. So, were looking there. Any place that our plan is below the median cost in that region, then we pick a portion of the low income subsidized. So, that is something were looking at, or other ways that we can continue to shape a few dollars off of our premium to keep it below the median or actually get it below the median in some of the markets that were not in. So, were continuing to look at ways to be a little more price competitive.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And how about outlook in 2012 for insert volume on the direct front marketing activity. Any interesting plans for the next few quarters?
Mark McAndrew: Well, we significantly increased the volumes in second half of 2011, which were starting to see the results of. Right now, at least for the first two quarters of 2012, were just anticipating the circulation to increase 7% to 8% above a year ago. That could change as we go through the year, but right now thats our current anticipation of the volume for the first half.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Mark McAndrew: Well, those are our comments for today. Thank you for joining us. I hope you have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew  Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Steven Schwartz  Raymond James Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Schuman  KBW Colin Devine  Citi Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Jack Sherck  SunTrust Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney 
Operator: Good day and welcome to Torchmark Corporations Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. And for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mark McAndrew, Chairman and CEO of Torchmark Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And for those of you on the East Coast, good afternoon. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the third quarter was $129 million, or $1.22 per share; and a per share increase of 13% from a year ago. Net income was $137 million or $1.30 per share, a 38% increase on a per share basis. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 14.3% for the quarter, and our book value per share was $35.20, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 16% to $40.92 per share. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue, excluding United Investors, grew 3% to $430 million, and Life underwriting margins increased 5% to $121 million. Life net sales declined 1% in the quarter to $78 million. At American Income, Life Premiums were up 9% to $154 million, while Life underwriting margins were up 8% to $51 million. Life net sales increased 8% for the quarter to $36 million. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 4,448, which was up 9% from a year ago and up 3% during the quarter. I believe that American Income is back on track. New agent recruiting was up 11% from a year ago. The number of new agents who achieved our top bonus level for the first time increased 40% from a year ago. And our mid-level sales management ranks have grown 23% from a year ago. American Income, I believe, is now in position to see renewed double-digit growth in sales during the fourth quarter and throughout 2012. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, Life premiums were up 3% to $145 million and Life underwriting margin was also up 3% to $37 million. Net Life sales were down 4% to $31 million. As a result of the changes in our underwriting which we previously discussed and improvements in our package design, we increased our insert media circulation by 22% in the third quarter. The responses received from these inserts increased 43% during the quarter. There is a significant lag from the time those responses are received until a net sale is recognized. However, we are confident that the increased responses will result in net sales growth in the fourth quarter as well as subsequent quarters. For the fourth quarter, we intend to increase our insert media circulation by 38% over last year. However, due to the uncertainty in the economy, our guidance projects only mid single-digit growth in Direct Response sales for the fourth quarter and full-year 2012. Life Premiums at Liberty National declined 2% to $72 million and Life underwriting margin was up 5% to $16 million. Net Life sales declined 23% to $9 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National at the end of the third quarter was 1,578, which was down 27% from a year ago. Health sales at Liberty National jumped 47% as a result of some new product offerings in our worksite payroll deduction market. Effective January 1 of 2012, all sales office and lead expenses at Liberty National will become the responsibility of our branch managers as we continue to move Liberty National to a model similar to American Income. Also as of November 1 of this year, all new agents will be hired on an independent contractor basis versus employee, again following the American Income model. While these changes may have some short-term effect on our sales, we believe they are necessary to preserve our profit margins and to put Liberty National in a position to achieve long-term growth. We continue to make excellent progress in our efforts to reduce our lapses in our Life Insurance businesses. As I mentioned on the last call during the second quarter, we were able to conserve $2.2 million of annualized premium through our new conservation initiatives. For the third quarter, we were able to conserve $5.8 million of annualized premium. These numbers will continue to grow as we expand our conservation efforts. For 2012, our guidance assumes $30 million to $35 million of annualized premium will be conserved next year. On the Health side, premium revenue, excluding part D, declined 6% to $177 million while Health underwriting margin was down 8% to $34 million. Health net sales grew 26% to $16 million. In addition to the previously mentioned growth at Liberty National, the United American Independent Agency sales grew 46% to $7.6 million for the quarter, reflecting improvement in the Medicare supplement marketplace in both individual and group. For 2012, we currently project 10% to 15% growth in our net Health sales. Premium revenue from Medicare part D declined 5% to $50 million while underwriting margin improved 18% to $7 million. For 2012, we have developed a new lower cost part D plan which will allow us to pick up 76,000 low income subsidized auto enrollees as well as grow our individual sales. This new product is priced with the same underwriting margin as our existing products. We do expect, however, for part D revenues to increase by 40% to 50% next year. Administrative expenses were $40 million for the quarter, up 4% from a year ago. They were roughly $800,000 over our projection, primarily as a result of additional salary expenses associated with our conservation efforts. For 2012, we anticipate a 1% to 2% increase in administrative expenses. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, capital and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our website are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of September 30, 2011. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $11.2 billion, including $10.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $10 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus. Below-investment grade bonds were $734 million, down from the $863 million at December 2010. The $129 million decline this year is due primarily to $142 million of dispositions, offset partially by $12 million of downgrades. The percentage of below-investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 6.8% compared to 8.3% at the end of 2010. That percentage may still be a little high relative to our peers. However, due to our significantly lower portfolio leverage, the percentage of below-investment grade bonds to equity, excluding OCI, is 20%, which is likely less than the peer average. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-minus compared to BBB-plus a year ago. We had net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $942 million compared to gains of $306 million at the end of the second quarter and $572 million a year ago. The increase in unrealized gains in the third quarter is due primarily to treasury yields declining more than the credit spreads increased. Now regarding our investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $134 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 5.53%, an average rating of BBB-plus and an average Life of 29 years. For the nine months, weve invested $831 million at an average yield of 5.79% and an average rating of A-minus. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 6.54% compared to 6.56% in the previous quarter and 6.68% in the third quarter of 2010. The continual decline in the yield is due to the lower new money yields. As of September 30, the yield on the portfolio is 6.53%. Regarding RBC, weve planned to maintain our capital level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years, that level has been around an NASC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but is sufficient, for our companies in light of the consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and the level of our ratings. Regarding share repurchases and parent company assets, in the first nine months, weve spent $720 million to buy 17 million Torchmark shares. So far in October, weve used $14 million to buy another 400,000 shares. For the full year through today, we have used $734 million of parent company cash to acquire 17.6 million shares or 15% of the diluted outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. At September 30, the parent company had $166 million on hand and should generate approximately $6 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter. As of today, after deducting the $14 million of October share repurchases, the parent will have approximately $158 million available between now and the end of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. And if market conditions are favorable, wed expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Now before I turn the call back to Mark, we would like to discuss the impact of two issues, the new accounting rules for DAC and the current interest rate environment. Regarding DAC, on January 1, 2012, the company will adopt ASU 2010-26, which changes the rules regarding deferred acquisition cost. This standard will change the timing of GAAP profits to the extent that certain expenses deferred currently will not be deferred under the new rules. However, it does not affect our overall profitability, cash flows or statutory earnings. We will elect to adopt the new rules retroactively, which means that DAC will be written down to the level as if the new standard had been in place in prior periods. Going forward, the earnings impact will the combination of the reduction in expenses deferred on newly issued policies, somewhat offset by the reduced amortization of DAC resulting from the retroactive write down. We currently estimate that the retroactive write down will be between 15% to 25% of the current DAC asset, which will result in a 9% to 15% reduction in GAAP equity, excluding OCI. In addition, we expect that 2012 earnings will be 1% to 2% or $0.06 to $0.10 per share lower than they would have been under the old accounting rules. And we also project that our ROE will rise from the current 14% level to somewhere between 15% and 17%. These estimates were included in our guidance for 2012. We will give more definitive guidance in the fourth quarter analyst call. Finally, Id like to discuss the current low interest rate environment and the impact of a lower for longer rate scenario. Our concern regarding an extended period of low interest rates involves the impact on earnings but not the balance sheet. In response to lower interest rates, we plan to raise the new business premium rates on the majority of American Incomes Life products, and the Direct Response (inaudible) products by 5%. These increases will provide additional margin to help offset reductions to excess investment income on new policies without having a detrimental impact of sales. However, in an extended low interest rate environment, the portfolio yield will continue to decline as we invest new money at lower rates and thus, will pressure excess investment income. However, the decline will be slower than might be expected since on average, only 2% to 3% of the fixed maturities will run off each year over the next five years. To help quantify the impact of extended lower rates on excess investment income, we conducted a stress test assuming a new money yield of 4.75% for the next five years along with a GAAP reserve discount rate of 4.75% graded to 6.5% on policies issued during that time period. Under that scenario, our portfolio yield would drop to somewhere between 5.95% and 6.10% after five years, and the average GAAP discount rate for the entire in-force block would be around 5.6%. As such, we would earn a spread of 35 to 50 basis points over the net policy liabilities while earning the full 595 to 610 basis points on our equity. As you can see, we would still generate substantial excess investment income along with our high underwriting margins. Now, lets switch to the balance sheet. Due to the nature of the products we sell in our higher underwriting margins, our DAC and benefit reserve balances will not be significantly impacted by an extended low interest rate environment. Unlike many of our peers, most of our in-force business consists of straightforward protection line policies that are not interest sensitive and they were accounted for in accordance to FAS 60. Under FAS 60, we will not increase amortization of DAC or put up additional benefit reserves due to interest rate fluctuations unless a loss recognition situation occurs. We have conducted loss recognition testing using our September 30 financial data. In order to have a loss recognition situation in all the Life business, we would have to believe that our overall portfolio yield would drop to 4% and remain there permanently. We dont believe theres a reasonable set of circumstance that this scenario would occur. As such, were not concerned about the low interest rate environment affecting our balance sheet through adjustments to DAC reserves or goodwill. The only block of business where extended low interest rates might affect the balance sheet is our fixed annuities, which were accounted for under FAS 97. However, due to the size of our annuity block, any impact would be insignificant. With regards to statutory financials, we performed the New York 7 cash flow testing scenarios at each year in accordance with the regulatory requirements. We updated this testing at the end of the third quarter to incorporate the lower treasury rates and determine that we still generate adequate surplus in each of those seven scenarios. Therefore, no additional statutory benefit reserves are required. Finally, a low interest environment can affect towards more RBC related to the fixed annuities. However, any impact there would not be significant. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2011, we project our net operating income per share will be within the range of $4.65 to $4.69 per share. For next year, we are projecting our net operating income per share to be between $5.10 and $5.40 per share. I would like to reiterate that this guidance reflects the $0.06 to $0.10 reduction as a result of the changed NDAC accounting. Those are my comments for this morning. We will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from the side of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of questions. First one for Mark, if you could talk about your sales expectations at Liberty National. In the past when youve tried to make changes over adjust commission; theres been generally more disruption than initially expected. So, I realized Liberty is smaller than it used to be, but its still about 10% of your Life sales. So I was wondering if the momentum at American Income and Direct Response next year would be offset by this weakness that Liberty National overall. And then secondly for Gary, you mentioned $158 million of cash at the parent company. How much do you think youll need to maintain in this type of an environment as a cushion and assuming that whatever that cushion is, anything above that would be used for buyback?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well first at Liberty National. Youre correct, Jimmy, that any major changes in the past, we have seen a disruption. And our guidance, were still assuming a mid single-digit decline in our Life sales at Liberty National next year, although we do expect to see some growth in our Health sales at Liberty National next year. On the other hand, we have announced these changes a couple of weeks ago. And they were well received. I will point out, a year-ago we had 165 offices at Liberty National. And today, were down to 75. We have closed or consolidated most of the underperforming offices there and I felt like these changes were very well received. I really believe that the branch managers that we have now have the desire to grow, the ability to grow, as well as the tools to grow. So I remain optimistic that we will see a turnaround at Liberty National next year although again, in our guidance, we have assumed a small continued decline in our Life sales.
Gary Coleman: And Jimmy, as far as the cash cushion is concerned, I would think we would have a cushion somewhere between $50 million to $100 million. Theres not any specific need that were targeting but we feel like we do need to cushion it. It should somewhere be in that range.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Okay. And then just one more on med stuff. You mentioned youre  part D you mentioned enrollment expectation. But whats going on in terms of pricing in the med stuff market? Weve heard of some of the major medical companies trying to expand further in that business. Can you talk about just pricing trends in the Medicare market?
Mark McAndrew: Well, overall, our pricing trends have been very favorable. Again, we re-priced our products, I think, last year and the largest selling product  the high deductible plan F, I know, we have actually reduced our rate the last two years, which has made it more attractive. Really over the last several years, we havent seen  weve seen very small single-digit increases on all of our products. Im not seeing  even though were seeing some activity there, its still a very small part of our business. And while we expect some growth there, we dont expect it to get  were not projecting its going to get back to where it was 10 years ago. So it will continue to be a competitive marketplace. But again, we think in a competitive situation, were in better shape than weve been in a number of years.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the side of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please, go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Mark, first on the part D, I got  maybe this is terminology. Youve lowered the costs. Youre going to pick up 76,000 auto enrollees, thats going to lead to 40% to 50% increase in revenues. But you said the same margin. Now, do you mean by that the same profit margin like around 10% or whatever? Or are you talking about the ultimate earnings?
Mark McAndrew: It has the same margin as the percentage of premium.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. So...
Mark McAndrew: As our other products. We basically came up with a product that has a little higher deductible and also a more narrow formulary as far as what prescriptions are covered which allowed us to bring  we still have the same products that we offered last year. But we added another product which has a lower cost which got us below that medium pricing level, which qualified us, I think, in 21 out of 34 regions for the low income subsidized people. So in addition to the 76,000 that were picking up immediately, well start picking up about 2,000 additional people each month, people turning 65 as a result of that also. So yes, we feel very comfortable that we will see that kind of growth in our part D revenues next year.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. And then if I may continue, on Globe, the discussion with regards to responses, those numbers sound huge yet the sales guidance I guess for conservative reasons isnt there. I mean, what could go wrong between the responses and the sales?
Mark McAndrew: Well...
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Go wrong is probably the wrong word.
Mark McAndrew: No. Its an okay terminology. Again, you have to understand in the insert media, the whole process. And its a long process. We first put a very simple insert piece into some of the media, whether its a coupon pack or a newspaper or a DirecTV bill. That is what we increased, that volume by 22% in the third quarter. People then send us a response either most of those responses are reply cards that are mailed in, although they can also call in, or get on the Internet. But most of those people send back a reply card. Once we get the reply card in and the number of responses we got were up over 50%.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: So they were big numbers.
Mark McAndrew: Yeah, substantially. Once we get that reply in, we start sending a series of product offerings, really not just the next 3 months but 6 months, 12 months even out further than that. For example, historically, the first product offering we send out, we get 8% to 9% of those people to buy. The second one, it goes down in the 3% to 4% range. The third one, it goes down in the 2.5% to 3% range. But we continue to get people to reply to those product mailings, which include an application and rates for an extended period of time. But even after these people send the application in, it has $1 for the first month introductory offer. So after we issue the policy, we then have to, 30 days later, we send them a bill. And until they pay that renewal premium, we dont treat it as a sale. So, in fact, I apologize. I should have better lag numbers for exactly how long after that insert media increases will we see those sales. And I will have better numbers for the next call. But again, the first step of that, the number of responses is up according to our plan. It just takes an extended period of time for that to be turned into what we report as net sale.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. I appreciate all that. Let me just ask one little follow up to that. Is there anything about  I know the new underwriting that youre doing that could lead to the ultimate hit rate, how long it takes to be lower than it has been historically?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, thats one of the things were issuing a smaller percentage of the applications were getting in. So, that does offset somewhat.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay.
Mark McAndrew: That we decline, I think its 5% to 6% more of the business that were getting in. So that does somewhat offset the growth in sales. If we werent doing that, our sales would be 5%, 6% higher although the profitability of those sales would be lower. So that is one of the factors that temper the growth in sales. But also, again, as Ive mentioned before, the insert medias, the one aspect of our business that the response rates do tend to follow the consumer confidence index. And so again, we tempered a little bit because even though the inquiries are up, we could still see  if you say what could go wrong, we could still see those response rates for the fulfillment packages could go down or the percentage of the people who end up paying beyond the dollar introductory offer could go down as a result of economic conditions. So were trying to be on the conservative side there.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the side of Edward Spehar with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Good morning, I guess. Mark, could you go over one more time the conservation numbers for  what they were in the second and third quarter and then what your expectation is for 12?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, sure. In the second quarter, our new conservation efforts, in addition to what our agents are doing, we conserve about $2.2 million of annualized premium. In the third quarter, that number increased to $5.8 million. And I would point out, over 60% of that business is being conserved is that American Income, which again is our  its where we focus our initial efforts because its our highest margin business obviously. But in our guidance for next year, we have assumed somewhere between $30 million to $35 million of conserved annualized premium. Our goal is still to beat that number but that is what weve used in our guidance.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And when we think about the earnings impact of a dollar of conserved premium given the fact that its more than 60% American Income. How should we think about what the dollar amount to the bottom line is of that?
Mark McAndrew: Well, its one of those things, for example, the  it takes time. The $5.8 million that we conserved this quarter had almost no impact this quarter because those people  a vast majority of those of people are paying monthly. So it had almost unnoticeable impact this quarter. But as we continue to conserve business, that number will grow. In our guidance, the conservation added about $0.03 a share after tax next year.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So its not a big number?
Mark McAndrew: Not at this point. Its something that will continue to grow over time as we continue to do this. And each quarter, it will continue to add more value.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I meant the part D, so youre saying that the expectation is that the top and bottom line should be up 40% to 50% next year versus this year?
Mark McAndrew: It should be very  yes, that would be a reasonable expectation. Yes.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then when we think about, I know you said that the sort of growth from those that will be turning 65, thats a positive. But if we think about this business when you first had a big bump up and then it was sort of like it was a onetime thing, you got it and it just sort of stayed there. Would you think about this bump here as sort of we go to a new level on and its kind of another plateau?
Mark McAndrew: Well, if we continue to stay below that median, it will be more of a growth. It will be more growth going forward. For example, were going to add immediately pick up 76,000 people, but we will be adding about 2,000 new people net each month. So it will be  by the end of the next year, we should have grown by about 100,000 people through the auto enrollees. Those new people turning 65 will continue to add to that. So I would expect it to contribute some growth going forward. Not as much as obviously it will make.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the final question is your Life premium, I think, was up 3% this quarter. Your Health premium was down 6%. Given all of the sales numbers that youre anticipating next year and the sales that have happened recently, are these numbers that should be relatively stable next year? I mean in terms of the growth rates, we dont see any real pickup in those. Like is Health going to continue to decline mid single-digits, Life maybe grow a few percent and we wont start to see growth until 13?
Mark McAndrew: Well, hold on just a second here. Ive got more detailed numbers. If I look at our total Life premium, I think were  at our midpoint, were expecting a little over 4% growth in our Life premium. So I think thats slightly better than where its at today. On the Health side, were still expecting about 6% decline in our Health premiums for next year. So thats at the midpoint of our guidance. So I think thats a fair statement.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I mean in buybacks, are we sort of assuming that like typically all free cash flow used for buybacks or is there any difference in what youre assuming in the guidance?
Mark McAndrew: Well obviously again, its something that well continue to evaluate each quarter. But right now, we feel comfortable with really about $50 million cushion. We want to keep that for the end of the year just until we know for sure what our year-end RBC is going to be. And again borrowing acquisition potentials or if theres anything else, we still believe that share repurchase is a good use for it. And right now I dont see any reason to hold more than that for a cushion.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So in terms  so, when you think about your guidance, youre assuming that whatever free cash flow you generate in 2012 is used buyback stock.
Mark McAndrew: Thats correct. In our guidance, we had assumed we would use basically our free cash. Weve assumed at different price levels, but we have basically assumed that we would use it to repurchase stock.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can Gary remind us what that number  I dont know if youve given us anything on that number expectation for next year.
Mark McAndrew: Gary, free cash next year, we anticipate being about $360 million?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, it should be around $350 million to $360 million. We didnt just base on our preliminary estimate.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay and thats after dividends?
Gary Coleman: Right.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: (inaudible) okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Mark McAndrew: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Schuman with KBW. Please go ahead your line is open.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Thank you. Hello. I think Ed got me started on this, but maybe we can continue. Im struggling to contemplate the 2012 guidance particularly after youre now telling us that it incorporates the impact of the DAC change. So the midpoint range is 525. If we back up the impact of the DAC change, it will be 530 to 535 and thats against the consensus of 510. Im kind of running out of ways to rationalize that because I think as you run through the premium numbers, I think probably most of us are too far off there. I think most of us know what to anticipate in share repurchase. Conservation is only (inaudible) issue. Part D sounds like some upside. Obviously, you dont reconcile against our models. But I mean, what other thing should be on our list to think about?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I guess thats where no doubt the impact of share repurchase is a big item. And we dont get to  we said at the beginning of this year, we wouldnt get the full impact of the United Investors sale until first, second quarter of next year. It was actually dilutive by $0.05 to $0.10 per share this year and it will be accretive next year as we get the benefit of that. But other things, the expense reductions weve seen at Liberty National. Again, weve closed 90 offices in the last 12 months and those expenses are going to obviously expenses that would no longer be deferrable. Those expense changes will add about $0.11. But the part D weve increased will add about $0.05. The change in the underwriting and Direct Response, will add about $0.02 after tax. So, theres a number of different factors adding to its. But still share repurchase at the current multiple if we would have been double-digit growth in earnings per share this year without the United Investors sale. So, and Im not again, we dont  youre right, we dont reconcile to your model but its even at the beginning of this year, its not far off where we thought we would be.
Jeffrey Schuman  KBW: Okay. Thats all helpful. I mean the share repurchase is powerful although I think most of us probably cant have that already worked in probably the Liberty expenses, the part D, a couple of the other things maybe not so much. So thats our helpful thoughts. Thanks.
Gary Coleman: You welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Colin Devine with Citi. Please go ahead your line is open.
Colin Devine  Citi: Good morning. I have just, I guess, sort of gray areas Id like to talk about. First on Liberty, Mark, I think were now at least 27 quarters in terms of the agent force shrinking and particularly the sort of not the first of your agents but the renewal agents which are similar in driving a lot of the sales here. Where do you think that finally bottoms? Is it going to be next year? You talked about I guess growing the number of managers, what does it take to sort of get that to finally turnaround, would be question number one. Question number two. Have you given any thought to changing the dividend policy to maybe doing a little more in dividends than buybacks? And then the last one, on the M&A front, certainly you mentioned in the past youve looked at some things. Is there anything else out there that you could do that might help to give Liberty sort of a booster side here?
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Liberty National, that is still the biggest question mark that we have. And again, I feel good about the changes that weve made. I think they were received well. But the next, I would say 90 days, next three to four months is really going to really see how well those changes were received. We have made them much more businessmen, much more entrepreneurs versus just managing our offices. The one big thing, Colin, that you need to remember, regardless of the level of sales going forward, we have moved most of the fixed expenses at Liberty into variable expenses. So the least the margins on the business that we write at Liberty National will be predictable going forward. But again, I cant  I believe that by the first of the year, we will be at our low point at Liberty National. But only  were really going to have to wait and see what that is. Were still expecting a small decline, again, in our Life sales although we do expect our Health sales to pick up. But I think the next three or four months will definitely, well have a better answer to that. As far as dividend goes and buyback, we definitely discussed that. We had been slowly raising our dividend each year for the last several years. But it still comes down to  at the current PE that were trading at, we still believe buyback is a very good use of the money. But it is something particularly if we get in a very low interest rate environment, we obviously could pay a much higher dividend. But at this point, theres no definite plans to change our dividend policy. That might change if the PE comes up some. As far as M&A, I dont  particularly right now, until we see some positive results at Liberty National, I would be, in fact, I would just say I would not be interested in buying another home service company. Even though the pricing maybe attractive on it. Youd almost have to look at it as a close block of business because particularly, the changes in bank accounting, its very difficult to show a GAAP profit in a home service business. So I dont see anything on the short-term horizon there.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay. Well, Mark, and just sort of following up then. (Inaudible) you mentioned that obviously the change in the DAC accounting. With what youve been able to do now at Liberty, at the very least, have you made then Torchmarks earnings less sensitive to the pace of improvement at Liberty under the new rules because youve moved to this variable comp system?
Mark McAndrew: Absolutely, Colin. Theres no doubt. And the change in the DAC accounting, even though these were plans that we have been moving towards for a number of years, the change in the DAC accounting definitely sped up our plan to move it  to eliminate those fixed expenses and move them to more variable expense. So it does  when people wonder why were not more impacted by the change of the DAC accounting, the change at Liberty National is a big piece of that, that we have moved the bulk, not only the office expenses but the lead expenses we were picking up. We have eliminated those and moved them to the branch manager.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay. All right, thank you.
Mark McAndrew: Youre welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the side of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Hey. Thanks. Just want to go back to the interest rate disclosures that Gary gave at the top of the call. Could you just cover again what the rate increase is going to be in your Life book? Well, first of all and then I have a follow up.
Gary Coleman: Well, what I mentioned was is that for the American Income Life policies and our juvenile policies, were going to raise the premiums on newly issued policies by 5%.
Mark McAndrew: Randy, Ill just even  a year ago, we were talking and we talked about the impact of lower interest rate crediting on the profitability of our Life businesses. And we said 100 basis point reduction in our interest rate crediting had about 1% to 3%  it would take 1% to 3% increase on our rates to offset that. We did lower this year in 2011 our interest rate crediting on new business from like 6.75% down to 5.75% but we did not adjust our rates. Well, if the interest rates continue to decline the way most people think they will, were just trying to get ahead of the game. And assuming that we may have to lower our interest rate crediting again, next year, we are going ahead in January 1, we will have rate increases in effect roughly 5% of both American Income and some of the products in Direct Response.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And so the elasticity of pricing though is  I mean, you have fair amount of ability to change price on these target markets, right?
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: I mean AI is a very strong controlled distribution. Thats a sold product. I mean, so do you have much competition you think about and how theyre changing pricing or do you just think about whats best for Torchmark?
Mark McAndrew: We think mostly about whats  more so on the Direct Response. We do rate testing and determine optimum pricing levels. But for the most part, we price our products to achieve desired profitability. American Income is not in a highly competitive marketplace. We have looked in the past and its only been a handful of policies a month that are replaced by another company. Its really not an issue at American Income. So I feel confident that it wont have any negative impact. We raised rates slightly back, I guess, it was 1999 and it had no impact on sales there. In fact, actually the next three years, sales doubled.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Thats helpful. So I mean the takeaway here is that its the liability offset to the lower yields that we all model and so that keeps the margin. And then just really quick, if I could, because I just didnt get followed up on. But Gary, on your interest rate scenario, I guess I just wanted to confirm that the takeaway there was a spread on underwriting. Is there a way to communicate your scenario just on kind of how much base, how many basis points the overall yield on the portfolio would lose in that scenario?
Gary Coleman: Well, thats what  I think I mentioned it.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: And maybe were talking about the same thing and I misunderstood it.
Gary Coleman: What I was saying, currently portfolio is at 653 and what I was saying is we invest at 4.75. All the cash flow each year for the next five years.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Five years, yeah.
Gary Coleman: Thats 653 declines to depending on different scenarios but a decline to 595 basis points to 610 basis points...
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: At the end of the five-year period.
Gary Coleman: At the end of the five-year period, thats what the portfolio yield would be.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And so in that scenario that your overall portfolio would lose 35 basis points?
Mark McAndrew: Yeah, 35 to 50, somewhere in that range
Gary Coleman: Right.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Point to point over the five years or each year?
Mark McAndrew: No, at the end of five years.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, at the end of five years. Lets just say that in between its gone from 6.53% to 6%. At the end of the fifth year, the portfolio yield would be 6%.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Gary Coleman: We would lose 50 basis points, but wed lose that over a five-year period.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: So 10 a year?
Gary Coleman: Yeah.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: And that would be step function down? That would be a linear kind of boost of 10 each year as your model ended up?
Gary Coleman: It wouldnt be 10 exactly but it would be something...
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Yeah.
Gary Coleman: ...thats around there.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: No, thats helpful. Thanks for the clarification.
Gary Coleman: Sure.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Yeah
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust: Thanks very much. Its actually Jack Sherck in for Mark. I may have disconnected, I had hopped off for a second. But what I was wondering about was the increase in the response rate to 43% on the inserts were over 16% last quarter, I know you revamped your strategy there and the actual insert itself. When does that go into play and do you attribute that to anything else or just a better marketing or a better advertising fee?
Mark McAndrew: Well, we really rolled out with that in the second quarter. And even though we saw improvement in our initial response rates in the insert media, which is why we increased our circulation in the third and fourth quarters as a result of the improvements we saw in the second quarter. And I do attribute it. Its significantly  its a rather large change in the packaging in those inserts and thats what has caused that increase.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust: So...
Mark McAndrew: Its about a 17% improvement in the response rate.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust: Right. So in your view, its more of the marketing piece itself rather than the change in the environment.
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: First of all, good luck tonight and hope you guys pop some champagne.
Gary Coleman: Were planning on it.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Are you heading there to St. Louis or are you just going to watch it live?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I might go up for game seven if it goes seven.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Yes. Good luck. Im (inaudible). Im with you. Tax rate came down a little bit (inaudible). Is the full nine-month rate a good sort of run rate? You had talked before about some tax things that you were doing. So I was wondering if could expand on that.
Gary Coleman: Bob, the main reason of tax rate that came down is we got increased tax benefits from our investment and low income housing tax credits. And that brought the rate down to just about 32%, where it had been 33.7%. What we expect to happen is well end the year at 32.7% and that should be about the rate we have in 2012. But its all due to getting increased tax expenses that we were expecting of those investments.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Such a little bit of help in Mr. Schumans answer for Jeffs question for next years tax rate is left fielder positive going into next year.
Gary Coleman: Right. Yeah, its going to be about 33.7% to 32.7%. So were picking up a percent there.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: And I apologize, you were fading out on just the cash flow dynamics of the fourth quarter. Just to remind me, your cash is $168 million at the end of the third quarter.
Mark McAndrew: I think it was $166 million.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, $166 million.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: And what dividends are you getting?
Gary Coleman: Were only getting the addition to the cash flow for the quarter will be $6 million. So that would give us $172 million available. But weve already spent $14 million.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Right, I got that. And you said you could take that to $50 million?
Mark McAndrew: Yeah, (inaudible) cushion.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. Thats it. Thank you.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark McAndrew: John?
Operator: John, your line is open. Please go ahead, John.
Mark McAndrew: I think we lost him.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) It looks like we have a follow up from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: No. It has been answered. I didnt know how to turn it off.
Mark McAndrew: Okay.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we will talk to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude your teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew  Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Colin Devine  Citi John Nadel  Sterne Agee Mark Hughes  Sun Trust
Operator: Please standby. Good day, everyone, and welcome to todays Torchmark Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Call. Todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, Id like to turn call over to Mr. Mark McAndrew, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Torchmark Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the second quarter was $129 million, or $14 per share; a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. Net operating income per share from continuing operations increased 14%. Net income was $149 million, or $1.32 per share, up 29% from a year ago. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.5% and our book value per share was $33.61; an 8% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 10% to $35.40 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue, excluding United Investors, grew 4% to $434 million, and life underwriting margins increased 10% to $125 million. Life net sales declined 4% in the quarter to $85.5 million, while life insurance first year collected premiums were down to 2% to $62 million. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $151 million, and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $51 million. Net life sales declined 2% for the quarter to $36 million. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 4,332 up 3% from a year ago and up 7% from the last quarter. I am pleased with the continued progress being made in American income. The agent count is now at an all-time high and growing at a strong pace. The number of new agents who achieved our top bonus level for the first time increased 27% during the quarter. Our mid-level sales management ranks also increased 11% during the second-quarter. In our Direct Response operation global life, life premiums were up 5% to $151 million and life underwriting margin was up 1% to $38 million. Net life sales were down 2% to $37 million. While second-quarter sales were somewhat let less than expected, I remain optimistic that we will see significant growth during the second half of 2011. While the previously discussed change in our direct response underwriting which utilizes its prescription drug data has improved on margin, it had a negative impact on our second-quarter sales as we rejected additional uninsurable applicants. We had made a significant improvement in the design of our Insert media packaging which resulted in a 16% improvement in our initial response rates during the second quarter. As a result of the improvements made in our packaging and the additional margins from the change in underwriting we have increased our third quarter Insert media distribution in excess of 20%. While there is a 60 day to 90 day lag before these increases reflected in our net sales, I am confident that we will see significant growth in our direct response life sales during the second half of this year life premiums at Liberty National declined 2% of $73 million. Life underwriting margins was up 29% to 418 million. Net life sales declined to 18% to $10 million. The producing agent counter at Liberty National at the end of the second quarter was 1792, decline of 3% during the quarter and down 20% from a year ago. On a bright note, health sales at the Liberty National increased 10% from a year ago and 40% from the first quarter level as a result of the introduction of new cancer policy. Weve made good progress during the quarter in our efforts to conserve or enforce life insurance. During the second quarter, out new incentives conserved $2.2 million life premium. We currently project that number to grow to $15 million to $16 million during the second half of this year and $40 million to $45 million in 2012. On the health side, premium revenue excluding part D declined 7% to $185 million while health underwriting margin was down 11% to $34 million. Health net sales were $13 million for the quarter, 15% less than a year ago. Premium revenue for Medicare part D was $49 million, which is down 8% and the underwriting margin was $5.4 million, which was up 6%. Administrative expenses were $40 million, which were up 2% from a year ago and in line with our expectation. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, excess investment income, capital and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our website, our three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of June 30, 2011. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $11.2 billion, including $10.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $10 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus. Below-investment grade bonds are $721 million, down from $863 million at December 2010. The $142 million decline this year is due primarily to dispositions, a $119 million of sales, $12 million of cost, and $10 million of maturities. The percentage of below-investment grade bonds to fixed maturities, at 6.7%, the lowest that it has been since the fourth quarter of 2008. That percentage may still be a little higher relative to our peers, however, due to our significantly lower portfolio leverage, the percentage of below-investment grade bonds to equity, excluding OCI, is 20%, which is likely less than the peer average. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. During the quarter, we recognized  realized gains of $31 million pre-tax and $21 million after tax. These gains resulted primarily for dispositions above investment grade bonds that had been impaired in previous years. We have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $306 million compared to gains of $156 million at the end of the first quarter and $178 million a year ago. The increase in unrealized gains in the second quarter is due primarily to treasury yields declining more in credit as far as increased. Regarding the investment yield, in the second quarter we invested $432 million in investment-grade fixed maturities primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 5.75%, an average rating of A-minus at an average life of 28 years. For the six months, weve invested $697 million at an average yield of 5.84%. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 6.56%, compared to 6.62% yield in the previous quarter and a 6.74% in the second quarter of 2010. The decline in yield is due to lower new money yields. As of June 30, the yield on the portfolio is 6.55%. Now turning to excess investment income, excess investment income is net investment income less the interest cost and the net policy liabilities and the financing cost of our debt. In the second quarter, it was $74 million, down $492,000 from a year ago. However on a per share base, reflecting the impact to our share repurchase program, excess investment income was $0.65 per share, up 8% over the second quarter of 2010. As the components, net investment income was up $6 million or 4%, slightly lower than the 5% increase in the average invested assets. Despite the lower yields in the bond portfolio, investment income increased at around the same rate as the related assets because we had significantly more cash in short-term securities during the second quarter of 2010 than we have in 2011. The interest cost on net policy liabilities increased to $6 million or 8%, in line with a 7% increase in the average liabilities. Now turning to capital, regarding RBC, we planned to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years, that level has been around an NASC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio was lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and the level of our ratings. Finally, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets, in the first six months, we spent $602 million to buy 14 million Torchmark shares. So far in July, weve used $15 million to buy another 350,000 shares. For the full year through today, we have used $617 million of parent company cash to acquire 14.3 million shares or 12% of the diluted outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. The available liquid assets at the parent company consist of our assets on hand and the expected free cash flow from operations. Free cash flow results from the dividends received up to the parent from the subsidiaries, less the dividends paid to the Torchmark shareholders and the interest paid on the debt. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $205 million, and we expect to generate approximately $665 million of free cash flow for the entire year. Thus, the total free cash available for all the 2011 will be around $870 million. Now in the first six months, we generated about $485 million of free cash flow, and that included $305 million resulting from the sale of United Investors. As mentioned, the parent used $602 million in the first six months for Torchmark share repurchases. As a result, , the parent ended quarter with $87 million of available liquid assets and thats comprised with the $205 million of beginning assets, plus $485 million are free cash flow, less $602 million of share repurchases. Going forward along with $87 million of cash on hand at the second quarter, we should generate approximately $4,180 million of free cash flow in the next two quarters. As of today, after deducting the $15 million of July share repurchases, the parent will have approximately $252 million available between now and the end of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are available, we expected share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Those are my comments, I will turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. We are narrowing the range of our earnings guidance for 2011 and raising the low end of that range. We currently expect our net operating income per share will range from $4.60 to $4.73. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much (Operator Instructions). Well take our first question at this time Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. I head question on just the base of buybacks, you mentioned you have bought back $617 million worth of stock so far this year. And should we assume that the $252 million thats available for buybacks through year end most of that will be used up through for buybacks or are you going to keep some of the $87 million and push or are you going to keep some of that. And the second question I had was just on Liberty National, the agent count declined again in the second quarter. Sales were weak, I think they were down around 18% so what is your outlook is for growth in the agent count and the sales in the second half of the year at Liberty National. Thanks.
Gary Coleman: Okay, the first half Jimmy on share repurchase as Gary said I think we have $252 million available at the parent for the balance of the year. Its something that  we have  again we have a board meeting next week that well continue to evaluate we took that free cash down to $87 million at the end of the last quarter. I think its fair to assume that well probably keep it somewhere around that level for balance of the year, but again we will continue to evaluate each quarter. As far as Liberty National, the agent count decline slowed, but it was still down 3% during the quarter. I cant  I am not expecting any big turnaround. I think we have  we are about at the bottom there, but I am not expecting for the balance of this any big turnaround. We are seeing some growth on the health side, as a result of new product we have introduced, but I would expect our life sales that Liberty National for the balance of the year to stay at about the same level there.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Okay, fine.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeffrey (inaudible) KBW.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. You talked about the kind of the trajectory for the conservative (inaudible) $15 million to $16 million in the back half, $40 million to $45 million next year. Im sure you said this today, but I think what I follow is was that companywide or is that mostly specific to American income or what we talk about.
Gary Coleman: Well, thats companywide. We do, we have the most impact at American income and again I think we put, we have a new exhibit out on the website now showing lapses by distribution. We think we can conserve 20% of the lapses. In 2012, at American income ranging down to I think roughly 13% of liberty national and roughly 15% in the direct response. So, the bigger portion in the second quarter, we first started with American income because that is obviously our most profitable business. But if those numbers that I gave are across the board and we will have an impact in all three of the major distribution systems, but it will be a little higher at American Income.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on the prescription drug underwriting impact, can you remind us kind of what the trajectory is there? Is that something where a better mortality will bleed in over many years or it something that maybe a year from now it actually will be really visible to us, what do we expect there?
Gary Coleman: Well, it will take. It will bleed in basically over a number of years. I look it will have more impact and that allow us to grow our sales, but on insert media side, which is about 60% of our sales, it improves our margin by, I believe, its 16% to 18%. Now, thats a significant block of business, but thats just our new business going forward. So, well have some impact and itll be a growing impact on our financials. It gives us more margin to work with as far as increasing our sales, as I mentioned earlier and partially as the result of that, we are increasing our volume  our distribution volume by, I think, 22% in the third quarter and right now we anticipate increasing our volume by 24% in the fourth quarter. So, youll see more of the impact on the sales side.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mark.
Operator: And next well hear from Randy Binner, FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Hey, thanks. I have a question about  there is a callable prefers out there, I believe, that have a pretty high coupon, I think, its 710 basis points and, so I think that there is $120 million worth in the callable and there were callable in June, and so I didnt see anything in the results that indicated that those have been called, to me it seems like, kind of, a no brainer to try and do it, just because you have such much cheaper sources of funding, but I didnt know if that was still on the table, if there is color around that if that a big buyback in the quarter maybe had anything to do with that, Id love to hear color on that potential opportunity?
Gary Coleman: Okay, Randy, thats something we take a look at, they because callable as of June 1st and they are callable as they are they are due past and they are callable in whole or part and at par, and theyll continue to be call but one (inaudible). We did take a look at that in terms of how to redeem it if we felt the use of cash  if were going to use cash, we felt that using the cash or share repurchases provided a greater return. We also looked at, though if we refinance and if we issue the similar security  the summer trust referred that the key point, wed actually be able to higher than 70 and weve today. Because, remember, this is a very long-term, as you know the 35 years around on the security, so its  for long-term security  its not that better rate. (inaudible) we looked at those, if we refinanced or reissuing debt, we looked at  for example, (inaudible) two-year debt, we can do that at a lower rate, and wed pick up $0.01 to $0.03 maybe earnings per share. That concern there is the refinancing risk, five to 10 years, what interest rates will be and may be much higher. So, our current thinking is that well, kind of, stay where we are and not redeem them, but thats something well continue to look at as conditions change.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: I guess, I mean, if the  does the buyback clearly has slowed from the pace of the first half, I mean, there is less cash available for buyback, there is (inaudible), meaning that the earnings yield on your buyback is better than 710 basis points right now according to most analysts forward numbers. So, that I guess there, but if you had less cash available for buyback, would that effect the decision or is it a longer term decision there?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think it will be a longer-term decision in that, but the fact that would matter though, you know how consistent our cash flow is  the free-cash flow. Well continue to do generate free cash and what we might do is we must start redeeming or calling them in parts as supposed to calling the whole 120 million at one time.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs is next.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much. I just want to see if you guys can update us on sort of the liquidity buffer that you guys had been keeping at the parent company. I believe it was roughly $200 million or so. Its sort of certainly below that today, as we get kind of through here and maybe some of the economic uncertainty increases, how are you thinking about moving forward with that question?
Mark McAndrew: Well Chris, thats why we are not giving a lot of guidance there because as Garry mentioned we have $252 million available at the parent for the balance of this years. Obviously the pace of our share repurchase so far in July, we have slowed down and its something we will continue to evaluate. Sure, there is some definite uncertainties out there today, and even in our guidance, I think we put in a range of 70  I think $78 million, Gary, that $228 million as far as the range.
Gary Coleman: Its right.
Mark McAndrew: Of share repurchase in our guidance. It didnt make a lot of difference, it only made a couple of cents difference in our earnings for the balance of the year. But its something Im not really prepared to say how much we will spend the balance of the year. We will continue to evaluate as we go.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then within the aging count trends, obviously American income you guys are having some success there. Can you comment a little bit on sort of some of the drivers there and are there any takeaways that you can try and pull out to try and improve sort of the downward trend we have been seeing at Liberty National?
Mark McAndrew: Well first of I will talk about American Income, I am very pleased with where we are at. I know sales were still down 2%, but if you look  if you look at the numbers, we were down 4% going into the quarter and rising accounts and were up 3% at the end of the quarter. We grew by almost 300 agents during the quarter. If we can continue close to that pace, if we can continue and grow 250 agents a quarter the next two, by year end our agent count be up 25% from a year ago and sales will follow that trend. There is not a lot new going on, there is more just a refocus. As I mentioned, we have grown our middle management ranks in a very concerted effort to promote more people into middle management. We grew that by 11% during the quarter. The other problem we had last year even though recruiting was up, we  because we did not have more middle managers and because we lost focus on the training of those new agents, our turnover went up and thats why that number as far as new bonus earners hitting the top level bonus, those are the people we retain and for that number to be up 27% from a year ago, it is being reflected in higher agent retention. So all of the things that weve talked about last really six to nine months are coming  are panning out. We are refocused, we are hiring more agents, but we are also retaining more agents. So I feel very good about where American Income is and their sales will come back very strongly in the second half.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. And just one last one, any updates sort of on EITFO9-G in terms of impact or implementation for you guys?
Mark McAndrew: No, no update on that. The current status of that is that, first of all we would like to talk directly, which I think most companies well. So were in a process of doing our calculations of what the initial write-down will be the DAC asset, but there is still a lot of implementation issues that havent been fully resolved and I know the big four firms are still consulting with the SEC and how to interpret certain provisions and of course as we work through that that effects and were doing so. I think all this should be cleared up in the third quarter and by the time well get to the analyst calls for the third quarter. We will have defensive numbers at that point.
Chris Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank for the time.
Operator: And next well hear from Colin Devine with Citi.
Colin Devine  Citi: Good morning, good afternoon I guess now. Couple of questions, first, I guess, with the buybacks youve done  I appreciate youre still fair amount of debt capacity, but does that mean that M&As is really not something thats likely depend of this year and I suppose that also going to bring it up your current thinking on actually with first command. Then Mark, with respect to Liberty, I appreciate your  it sounds like getting fairly frustrated with it. What is not working there that clearly works so well for your American income?
Gary Coleman: Okay. First on the M&A activity. Colin, we have looked extensively and really dont see anything out there when we made the decisions obviously buyback that much in the quarter. It was because we didnt see any M&A activity on the short-term horizon. So, your conclusion there is accurate. Liberty National, as I have mentioned before, it really is there are so many differences between Liberty and American Income. And again, Ive equated it in the past to franchise versus a company-owned store and American Income, its a straight commission situation whereas the Liberty National, the agents and managers are employees, those are our offices. We have a lot of fixed expenses and the production pervasion is sustainably less. It was about half of what it is at American Income. Its  weve been, really over the last two or three years, trying to move Liberty more to an American Income and we will continue to do so, but its just not a quick fix there. The things that work at American Income, we have tried to implement similar-type programs at Liberty National, but they  up to this point, they have not been successful.
Colin Devine  Citi: Lets get first command, you got any comment on that and then just  and also Liberty, with the new, sort of debt treatment, because thats  youve seen me, sort of, put that business model even under more pressure than its at right now?
Gary Coleman: Well, thats correct. First off  Im sorry, first amendment, its independent agencies that we continue to  their sales have been down now for number of years. Its a very persistent business and very consistently profitable business. And well continue to  there are no plans to do anything at this point, but it is an independent agency that we really dont control. But, its  another one I was saying is we dont believe that we get fair value out of it. We dont control the distribution, but its become a relatively small piece of our total, so really no plans to do anything there.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay. And then with the (inaudible) change, I mean does that really put even more pressure on you right now with Liberty?
Mark McAndrew: It does and again thats something that we have been addressing and well continue to address. The number of offices that we have at Liberty has  I think we are somewhere in the mid-90s now where I believe a year ago we were at 150. So we have been very much addressing some of that where we have in reducing our expenses there. And we are continuing to look for ways to lessen the impact of the debt change.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next we hear from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: Hi, good afternoon everybody. A couple of questions for you, one is just to go back to the guidance and the buybacks and just  I just want to understand your revised guidance, it appears I think as you mentioned Mark in response to somebodys question, it seems you revised guidance includes a higher level of buybacks than you were originally assuming six or nine months ago when you originally gave us that guidance. Is that the case?
Gary Coleman: Well, there is no doubt at beginning of the year even though we knew what the available cash would be, the reason we had such a wide range was not just how much we would spend on share repurchase but at what price? So obviously earlier in the year pre-split, the stock was up around $68, so when we ran our projections out, we ran not only different amounts being spent, but different prices. So we were able  we did spend towards the high-end of our guidance as far as the amount of money, we spend, but we also got at a lower price than what our guidance was. So, now that the bulk of that share repurchase has been completed and we know the price and the amount, it definitely took the bottom end of their range out of the picture.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: Understood. I guess, I was sort of  I was wondering if upper end of their range, would if otherwise being higher, if not for  something else going on the business relative to your original guidance, Im not sure.
Gary Coleman: I think everything else is going pretty according to the plan as far as, even last quarter even though we were under the Street estimate, were right where our projections and the same this quarter. Other than share repurchase, our earnings are about where we thought they would be at the beginning of the year.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: And then, okay. So separately just a question on the life underwriting margin and my model definitely doesnt go back nearly as far as your business does, but as far as I can see, your underwriting margin on the life insurance business this quarter was as high as I have ever seen it. Is that sustainable? Is there is something that  when it just really well this quarter that  we are going to think about that more like we have seen it over the past few years?
Gary Coleman: Well, it was better this quarter, but particular at Liberty, it was I think up 29%, but that was more a result of, a year ago, it was particularly bad quarter.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: I guess, Im just looking at underwriting income divided by premiums?
Mark McAndrew: It was a little above the average, but Gary, you have any comments on that.
Gary Coleman: Well, it was for example, 29%. I think its just about higher than where we were last quarter and the big part of that was Liberty. Weve had two as I said this quarter was unusually low in terms of life claims whereas and if you look at last years comparison of  the second quarter last year was particularly high claim quarter. Were seeing some fluctuation in those life claims, we anticipate that we get back to more of a norm and so I would think that were now looking for that level to continue at Liberty and as a result. If it goes back to more than norm then well get back to around the 28% level that we reported last couple of quarters.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: Okay. So..
Gary Coleman: 28 year-to-date. I think thats sustainable, we were one point over that in the second quarter.
John Nadel  Sterne Agee: Okay, thats  Im just going to ask you, if more the year-to-date was a better indication. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And next we will hear from Mark Hughes with Sun Trust.
Mark Hughes  Sun Trust: Yeah, thank you. The use for the prescription drug data for underwriting, how much to that dampen sales in the quarter, can you say?
Gary Coleman: Well, again in the  it had more of an impact on the insert media, which is 60% of our sales were declining above on additional 5%, but I will give you a little more clave on whats going on in direct response. Again, the insert media side, which is 60% of our direct response sales. We increased as a result of the potential gain on the underwriting margin. In the first quarter, we increased our circulation by 12%, but we saw a 13% decline in our response rate, so it, kind of, washed. We actually did not see an increment of volume of new inquiries coming in, people saying that they are interested in buying life insurance. However, as I mentioned, we through some testing that we did, we found a package that performed much better, so in the second quarter, our circulation there, we increased at 9%, but we had a 17% improvement in our response rates as a result of packaging. So, we actually saw a 27% improvement increase in the number of people responding to us in that marketplace. So, going forward, again were now back to where we were increasing the outbound circulation there, 22% and 24% in the next two quarters. So, we feel very good about where we are at going forward, but the first quarter was  our response rates were disappointing there, but that has definitely turned around in the second quarter and we expect to see good growth in the balance of this year and next year. The problem is that there is a lag between the initial response and the time we report sales.
Mark Hughes  Sun Trust: Right. Now the good package or better package you said on the second quarter, is that more broadly distributed in Q3 or are these new packages that youre going to be distributing in the back half?
Gary Coleman: Well, now it actually  its something we had tested previously that we rolled out within the second quarter. Again, thats why we went from a 13% decline in our response rates to 16%, 17% improvement in the second quarter as a result of rolling out with that new package. We expect continued, we continue to expect to see that improvement in response rates, second half of the year. But again you need to understand that  those are people that send in our cards saying, yes, Im interested in buying life insurance. We then over the next six months or sending them numerous product packages and they in turn send an application back in. But even after the application is received because there is a dollar introductory offer, we dont treat it as a sale until they pay the first fully initial premium. So thats why I say there is a 60 day to 90 days lag from the time we get that initial inquiry and before we start reporting the sales, thats why again the second quarter sales numbers did not grow even though the number of new inquiries coming in grew at a very nice clip about  that will be reflected in higher sales for several quarters down the road.
Mark Hughes  Sun Trust: (Inaudible) the visibility for Q3 and Q4?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Mark Hughes  Sun Trust: How when you look at this kind of economic environment where there is  I dont know if you can characterize it but does it make a difference  much of the difference on your business when youve got  I dont know economic slowdown, lets say more uncertainty in the economy should that have much impact?
Gary Coleman: Well it hasnt and direct response it has and again thats our constant challenge as I mentioned again in the first quarter our response rates were down 13% from a year ago. Basically using the same package that we were using a year ago and borrowing us continuing to find ways to be better our sales would be down fairly significantly in direct response. But again we continue to look for ways to (inaudible) as a result. Even in the difficult economy, we fully expect to grow.
Mark Hughes  Sun Trust: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Currently, we have no questions in the queue, but Id like to take the opportunity remind our audience (Operator Instructions). We will pause for just one moment. And we have no questions in the queue at this time. Ill turn the conference over to our host for any closing or additional remarks.
Mark McAndrew: All right. I want to thank everyone for joining us, I guess this afternoon now, and well talk to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark S. McAndrew  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary L. Coleman  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Larry M. Hutchison  Executive Vice President and General Counsel 
Analysts: John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Paul Sarran  Macquarie Research Equities Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse
Operator: Please standby we are about to begin. Good day, everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation first quarter 2011 earnings release conference call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time, I will turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark S. McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was a $129 million or $1.62 per share, a per share increase of 7% from a year ago. Excluding the $6 million of United Investors earnings from the year ago quarter, net operating income per share from continuing operations increased 12%. Net income was $106 million or $1.33 per share, down 13% from a year ago, primarily as a result of a $15.5 million dollar realized investment loss on the sale of our holdings in MBIA. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.2% and our book value per share was $49.45 a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 15% to $50.70 per share. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue, excluding the United Investors grew 4% to $431 million and life-underwriting margins increased 7% to $119 million. Life net sales declined 5% in the quarter to $81 million, while life first-year collected premiums were down less than 1% to $61 million. I feel good about our potential for growth in our life premiums and underwriting margins. While we currently expect relatively flat life sales in the second quarter, we believe we will see high single-digit growth in life sales in the third quarter followed by double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. I am also very pleased with our initial efforts conserve our existing life customers. In 2010, we produced $330 million in net life sales, but we lapse $252 million at in force premium. As we are able to fully implement our conservation efforts over the next few months, we believe we can reduce our lapses in the 10% to 20% range. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to a $146 million and life-underwriting margin was also up 8% at $48 million. Net life sales declined 5% for the quarter to $33 million. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 4,039 down 4% from a year ago, but up 3% from year end. It is also up 8% from its low of 37, 24 at the end of January. I am very encouraged by the progress that we made at American Income. In addition to the growth and agents, the number of new agents achieving our top bonus level for the first time grew by 38% in February and March, which will have a positive impact on our new agent retention. Our mid level sales management ranks also increased 4% during the quarter. In our direct response operations at Globe Life, life premiums were up 5% to a $152 million, while life underwriting margins were unchanged at $38 million. Net life sales were down 2% to $36 million. The outlook for direct response is also very positive. For the past few months, we have been testing and analyzing an enhancement to our underwriting, utilizing applicants prescription drug records and the initial results are encouraging. For our insert media adult business, which represents 40% of our total Direct Response life sales, we estimate this change will reduce our mortality cost by roughly 17%, resulting in additional underwriting margin of 4% of 5% of premium on this block of business. This additional margin will in turn allow us to expand our distribution. This change will also impact our direct mail sales, but further analysis is necessary before we can quantify the effect. We currently expect mid single-digit growth in life sales in the second quarter with improving double-digit growth in life sales in the second half of this year. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 2% to $73 million and life underwriting margin was up 20% to $17 million. Net life sales declined 12% to $9.4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National at the end of the first quarter was 1,844, down 17% from a year ago. As Ive mentioned previously, the turnaround at Liberty National is not a quick and easy fix, but we are making progress. The underwriting margins have improved significantly. Through our conservation efforts, we should stop the decline in life premiums. On the marketing side, the number of new agents achieving the maximum bonus level for the first time was up 34% in the first quarter, which again will have a positive impact on our agent retention. We have, however, reduced our life sales estimates at Liberty National for 2011. We now expect to see a continued decline in the second quarter followed by roughly flat sales in the third and single-digit growth in the fourth quarter of this year. On the health side, premium revenue excluding part D declined 5% to $192 million. Our health underwriting margin grew 4% to $37 million. Health net sales declined 16% to $14 million. As a percentage of premium, we expect to help margins to hold at that 19% level for the balance of 2011. Premium revenue for Medicare part D was $49 million for the quarter down 5% and the underwriting margin was $5 million down 2%. Administrative expenses were $38 million up 2% from a year ago and inline with our expectations. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Gary L. Coleman: Thanks Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, excess investment income, capital and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our website we are prescheduled to provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of March 31st, 2011. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $11.2 billion, including $10.5 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. As of the fixed maturities $9.8 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus. Below investment grade bonds are $758 million down from $863 million at December 2010 and $891 million a year ago. The decline in the first quarter was due to a $82 million of dispositions and also $24 million of net upgrades of bonds to the investment grade. The percentage of below-investment great bonds to fix maturities at 7.2% is the lowest that it has been since the second quarter 2008. That percentage may still be higher relative to our peers, however, due to our significantly lower portfolio leverage, the percentage of below-investment grade bonds to equity excluding OCI is 19.6% which is likely worse than the peer average. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB-plus, same as a year ago. During the quarter, we recognized realized losses of $23 million pre tax or $15 million after tax. These losses resulted from the sales of the companys entire holdings as NBIA bonds which had a presale book value of $63 million. We have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $156 million, compared to gains of $108 million at year end 2010 and net unrealized losses of $185 million a year ago. The increase in unrealized gains in the first quarter is due primarily to the previously mentioned sale of NBIA bond. Regarding investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $265 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invest at an average annual effective yield of 6%, an average rating of A-minus and an average life of 27 years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 6.62%, compared to 6.65% in the previous quarter and 6.78% in the first quarter of 2010. The decline in the yield is due to the lower new money yields. As of March 31st, the yield on the portfolio is 6.61%. Now, turning to excess investment income, excess investment income is our net investment income less the interest costs on the net policy liabilities, and the financing costs of our debt. In the first quarter, it was $74 million, up $2 million or 3% from a year ago. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was $0.93, up [17%] over the first quarter of 2010. As a component, net investment income was up $8 million or 5% in line with the 5% increase in average invested assets. Despite the lower yields in the bond portfolio, investment income increased at the same rate as the related assets because we held significantly more cash and short-term securities during the first three months of 2010 than we have in 2011. The interest costs on the net policy liabilities increased $6 million or 7% in line with the 7% increase in the average liabilities. Now regarding RBC, as we mentioned before, we plan to maintain our RBC ratio at or around the 325% level. This ratio was lower than some peer companies, but it is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31st 2010, consolidated RBC was 421% and adjusted capital was approximately $385 million in excess of that required for the target 325% ratio. The ratio and excess capital were higher than normal due to the impact of the sale of United Investors on December 31, 2010. Finally, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets, in the first quarter we spent $187 million to buy 2.9 million Torchmark shares. So far in April, we used $30 million to buy another 450,000 shares. For the full year, through today, we had spent $217 million of parent company cash to acquire 3.4 million shares. The available liquid assets of the parent consists of assets on hand and the expected free cash flow from operations, free cash flow results from the derivatives received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the dividends pay to Torchmark shareholders and the interest paid on the debt. The parent began the year with liquid assets of $205 million. We expect to generate approximately $655 million of free cash for the entire year. Thus the total free cash available for all of 2011 will be around $860 million, the same amount that we projected in our previous call. In the first quarter, we generated about $391 million of our free cash flow and that included the $305 million resulting from the sale of United Investors. As mentioned, the parent used a $187 million in the first quarter for Torchmark share repurchases. As a result, the parent ended the quarter with $409 million of available liquid assets. And thats comprised with a $205 million ending asset plus a $391 million of free cash during the quarter less 187 million of share repurchases. Now along with the $409 million as on hand at the end of the first quarter, we should generate approximately $264 million of free cash flow over the next three quarters of the year. As of today, after deducting the $30 million of April share repurchases, the parent will have approximately $643 million available between now and the end of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible and if market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark S. McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. First quarter earnings were in line with our projections and our previous guidance and we are affirming our guidance for 2011 of expected earnings per share in the range of $6.75 to $7.10. Those are my comments this morning. [Nalini], we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first to John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Couple of questions. Mark, I was interested in your comments on conservation efforts as it relates to some of the business that lapsed or that I guess in elevated level of lapse station, could you maybe give us a little bit more detail on exactly what youre trying to accomplish, what  how youre going about that?
Mark S. McAndrew: Sure. And its not an elevated level. In fact our persistency of our life business is actually been improving over the last few years. So, its not an elevated level of lapses, but number of months ago, we decided that we were really going to focus on trying to conserve as much of that business as possible and we have spent a lot of time over the last few months analyzing and tracing back to the source what is causing the lapses in our different distribution systems.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Mark S. McAndrew: And so  its not one single thing that were doing because there is a lot of different areas, but we have now identified where those lapses are originating and what the causes are and weve outlined plan for each of those areas on what we can do to reduce those. Some of those changes in our procedures will be pretty quick to implement. I think achieving a 10% reduction in our lapse rate  in our lapses is something we can achieve in the next few months. To get to the 20%, thats going to take a little more time that things are need to test or people we need to hire and train as far as people who take phone calls and do some telemarketing. But I think over the next 12 months, I think something towards the high end of that 20% range is achievable.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Okay. And then two more real quick ones. One is just on investment income the excess investment income, Gary, are you where you wanted to be as far as cash and liquid assets getting invested or is there still some marginal pick up we should expect?
Gary L. Coleman:  We are pretty much invested. One thing though, it took a little bit longer in the quarter.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary L. Coleman: To get the money invested, the markets are  is still little hard to find the bonds. But as far as within the insurance companies, I think we are now about 150 million of short term money which is not unusual.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Okay. And then finally, just an update since there is I guess been a little bit more news recently now on DAC accounting changes, the deferral of certain costs or lack of deferral of certain costs that used to be deferred. Can you give us a sense for what your plans are there and how should we think about potential retrospective charge?
Gary L. Coleman: Well, we will definitely retroactively adopt and
John SecNadel  Sterne  Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary L. Coleman: I really dont have any much more add that we did last quarter, last quarter we talked about the fact that we think that are ride down to be somewhere between $300 million to $300 million dollars, which is after-tax, which is above 8% of our book value.
John SecNadel  Sterne  Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary L. Coleman: But going forward, as far as the impact on earnings, we will have a negative in terms of reduced expenses that we can defer, but were going to have a positive by the fact that well have reduced amortization.
John SecNadel  Sterne  Agee & Leach: Yeah.
Gary L. Coleman: And when you net those two, if we dont do anything else, well have a small positive, but there is about a $100 million of agency related non-commission expenses that meet the criteria for the deferral. We are in the process of looking at those expenses with first in mind to reduce those expenses, to cut what we can or reduce what we can. And then also there is a secondarily to that, is that we maybe able to recast some of those expenses to into commissions, which would be deferrable. To the extent that we can do those two things the deposit earnings will be even greater.
John SecNadel  Sterne  Agee & Leach: Okay. So the net impact here, at least, even if you cant accomplish that sort of work, is we should see the write down of DAC will reduce your future amortization enough that this is a modest positive on the earnings side?
Mark S. McAndrew: Thats correct.
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah.
Mark S. McAndrew: John well have as Gary mentioned we have a reduction our book value, but corresponding increase on our return on equity, but also just want to reemphasize what Gary was saying. We are going just by each distribution system and taking a hard line by line and look at all of those expenses that are no longer going to be deferrable. And we will be very much concentrating on what we can do to reduce those expenses between now and the first year.
John SecNadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And adoption date would be the end of this year, I think, right?
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, its a January 1st 2012, adoption day.
John SecNadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, terrific. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great, thank you. Mark, I just wanted to clarify on the sales kind of guidance you gave us quarter-by-quarter. I just wanted to clarify that effectively the AIA American Income guidance and the direct response guidance that we had previously, which was mid single-digit, I think, at American Income, and kind of high single-digit at direct response. It sounds like that guidance is in place and its only Liberty National that changed. Is that the correct interpretation?
Mark S. McAndrew: Yeah, I think thats right Randy. We still  when you look at the full year
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yeah, yeah.
Mark S. McAndrew: We still are expecting high single-digit growth and direct response and mid-to-high-single digit growth at American Income, but its one of things that it will be accelerating each quarter as the year progresses in both of those distribution systems. We have lowered our expectations at Liberty a little.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Its fair enough. And then so what you mentioned you got your sales manager, middle manager count up 4%, and I think that was maybe the key focus at American Income. And thats really the most important area to turn sales around. But what else is working there or is it all about sales managers? What else is working and giving you that confidence of the turnaround in sales there?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, there is two things there I mean growing the middle management is definitely important. And in fact weve got some new incentives coming out June 1st that I think will add to that growth in our middle management. The other key thing when I look at last year, the percentage of our new hired agents who achieve that maximum bonus level, the first time was declining. And thats when Im saying the last two months have been very strong there, up over 30%. A number of new agents were hitting that bonus level because those are the people we retain. Weve seen agents who dont achieve that bonus level, we basically retain none of those people for a year. We have very good retention of the agents who achieve that bonus level. So that is weve again we done some restructuring of our incentive compensation for management and really just have a renewed focus on doing a better job of training and working with agents to get them to that bonus level and that will pay dividend. Our new agent retention will improve.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thats great. Very helpful. Keeping with sales real quick here, over to direct response. It sounds like the effective, the underwriting margin improvement that comes from using the prescription drug records, I guess that allows you to self-fund increased by distribution? Is that the way we should think of it? Just a little bit more color, too, on what's driving the more bullish comments at direct response?
Mark S. McAndrew: Thats one of the number piece because that is an important piece. When we if on 40% of our sales where low in our mortality cost by 17%, it does allow more margin. One, we would do some additional rate test to again trying on the optimum pricing level. We know that it is very price sensitive. If that improvement in our mortality cost allow us to bring our rates down 10%, we seen from past experience that that will improve our response rates by something in that 20% range and also improve the persistency of the business resulting in higher profitability. So weve also had some very successful package test, you are in the last three or four months that will add to that but those are number of factors in that, but there is no doubt the change in underwriting is a big piece of it.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, thanks for the responses.
Operator: We will take the next question from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good afternoon. A few questions Mark. First, could you talk a little bit more about the health side. The first two collective premiums where down a lot more than I thought they would be, maybe thats just because I was just have to launch on the forecast. But I am wondering if you could give me some sense of whats going on in the health side and I have a couple of follow-ups.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well Ed, there is a not a whole lot new to report from the last caller to you on the health side. Health sales were down a little more than what we anticipated and part of that was for example like American income and someone need to take a look at. Weve by moving to a laptop sales presentation I dont know that weve done a good job of trying to move some of the health products into that. Not something we can adjust but they come down to its pretty in line with where we thought we would be and borrowing we dont see any big resurgence in medicare at this point in time. So its about in line with where we expected to be.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: So how should we think about that you know for looking at sort of the outlook over the next few years just generally, is that a business that continues to decline.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, again, Ed, youve been following as long enough its hard to predict what the medicare certain marketplace will do. I think the Liberty National sales, as total sales stabilize and start to move forward those should not decline or should turnaround and same way with the American Income we can bring those back up, but as far as the other, we basically discontinued those underage 65 products. Until there is a major change in the medicare advantage, then I dont expect to see growth in our health premiums. I still think well see some improvement in our health underwriting margins as some of that business continues to run off, but I dont expect to see growth in our health premiums for the balance of this year or probably in the next year anyway.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess its a good lead into my next question, you highlighting how long Ive covered this company, because I wanted to talk about Liberty National. And I think for as long as Ive covered the company, you guys have been trying to figure out how to turnaround that distribution channel in one way or another. And Im just curious, at what point, or is there a point, where that business is more valuable as just a run-off book than trying to just sort of turn it around?
Mark S. McAndrew: I dont know that we ever get there Ed, I mean its still the business we generate, I mean if we ever got the point where the new business we generated was not giving us a reasonable return on investment then we would have to take a look at that, but we are not there and we dont expect to get there. So I havent given up on Liberty, there is obviously a lot of challenges there, but again I think we can stop the decline through our conservation efforts and it will turnaround through the course of this year. Some of the things, well, its so different from American Income and were continuing to address the issues that arise, but I dont see it ever becoming just a run-off block.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Okay and just one final question. Could you just quantify, if you achieve a 10% reduction in lapse rates, what that equates to in terms of dollar amount of premium?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, again, you can look last year we lapsed $252 million of life premium, annualized premium. I think our projections for this year if we continue down with us  just the same path that weve been going, we estimate it be closer to $260 million of lapses for this year. So again achieving, if we can conserve 10% of that $26 million, 20% is a little over $50 million. So, this is really a big deal. It was probably one of the bigger things weve done in quite a number of years. If you look our total life in force premium last year in the last 12 months, I think we grew $58 million. So, if we are able to conserve $50 million of lapses, it will take our life premium growths to significantly higher level. And I will point out that the business were conserving, because weve already made the big upfront investment. Well have a significantly higher margin than the new business were writing. The $330 million that we wrote last year and we spent roughly $500 million to put that business on the books. To conserve this business if we are able to conserve $50 million, and I dont think well spend $5 million conserve that business. So, it will have although we havent included any of that in our current guidance hopefully by next quarter we will have a little better be able to have a more confidence and what impact that well have for the balance of the year and reflected in our guidance for the balance of the year. But there would be in the margin on that conserved business, I mean how should we think about, is it almost all margin or is there. Well, no obviously you still have mortality costs and
Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Yes, beyond that though, in terms of expenses, do we just need to think about the margin being kind of the gross margin tax affected?
Mark S. McAndrew: Pretty much I mean lets take for example American income, we still would be paying renewal year commissions on that business. So there is still some commission expense, but its not that, weve already got the high first year expense definitely indirect response weve already spent the money upfront. So the cost of conserve that again I dont think it will be 10% of premium versus well over a 100% that we spend on our new business.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Very good, thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Hi, thanks. I had a question, first, on just the agent count in American Income. It did rise a little bit this quarter. It went up in the first quarter of last year too but then it declined, so what your outlook is there? Secondly, on just what gives you confidence that Liberty National life sales will improve in the second half of the year, given that the agent count continues to decline and the actual results have been a little worse than what youve expected the last few quarters? And then, finally, just on share buybacks. I think Gary mentioned that youve got $643 million available through the rest of the year. If you dont do any deals and maybe you could discuss the deal environment also, but if you dont do anything there, then should we assume that most of that would be deployed towards buybacks some time over the next three quarters?
Mark S. McAndrew: Okay. Well first half American income, I guess one of the big differences this year versus last year Jimmy as again and looking at the percentage of those new agents that are achieving that maximum bonus level for the first time. Even though our recruiting was up last year and were reporting on more agents that numbers of that agents hitting that bonus level was declining and it did result and higher turnover so even though we saw some growth in the first quarter, we couldnt sustain and then it continue to decline throughout last year, which is where we are at today. Now with the renewed emphasis on spending more time with that agent better training and getting them to that bonus level, we are seeing a reversal of that trend. So again the last two months the number of new agents hitting that bonus level is up over 30% thats the main thing give me encouragement that we are back on the right track. We did hit a low of 37 I think 37, 24 at the end of January. They have 8% growth in last two months is very encouraging to me. Liberty national a little bit same way there is Liberty National was different that because of the way its incorporated and state of those business and it is been able to use temporary agents licenses, so we are a number if it well throughout its history. And almost become like a better word addicted to the temporary licenses. And the turnover at Liberty National has been so poor even compared to American income they only retain about half number of agents at American income does, I think a lot of that is the fact that a lot of these people never pass their exam, so they can write business for 90 days but then they are gone, and thats not productive. Its not productive use of managements time. So, I look into the first quarter, the number of agents who achieve, the new agents who got a permanent license who passed their exam, and now permanent is up 34% as well as the number of  its not coincidence, the number of new agents hitting their maximum bonus level is up 34%.
 :
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: And then, the buybacks?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, as Gary mentioned, we do have a significant amount of cash. Right now, were going ahead with the M&A activity. We have looked, Jimmy, and right now I dont see any really good prospects on the short-term horizon for an acquisition. So, we would expect to utilize most of that cash in the share repurchase although we do have a Board meeting tomorrow and that will be an item on the agenda.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Yeah. I should be assuming that thats going to be front-ended more so if you  given the rates are pretty low, so would you front-end most of the buyback?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, again weve got  we received middle of March the United Investors dividend.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Yeah, yeah.
Mark S. McAndrew: Weve gotten a significant amount of cash sitting here. We  I would fully expect to accelerate our share repurchase in the second quarter from the first quarter level, but not really prepared this time to say exactly how much or when that will occur. Again thats one of the reasons, why we do have as wide of guidance spread as we have, but that is definitely on the agenda for the Board meeting tomorrow.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Good morning to you guys. Wondered if, Gary, you could refresh my memory. I thought you said, as soon as you had the money youd be doing sort of the maximum volume per day in buyback. It seems like your April volume would be less than the maximum. Was my math wrong or is it just tougher to buy the shares or was there something tactically?
Gary L. Coleman: Well actually (inaudible) remember saying we would know the maximum, but
Mark S. McAndrew: I was going to say. Im not sure that I heard him say that, but and obviously we havent buying didnt buying anywhere near close (inaudible). Since we received that and Bob again thats about all we can say at this point is we will have a discussion at the meeting tomorrow. We could buy it back. I let Gary, we figure up the maximum would be somewhere in the $10 million or a day range.
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, its something.
Mark S. McAndrew: So were nowhere near even at first quarter level. We were now were near buying the maximum.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. Just trying to  in the last call I thought you said the environment, now that I misremembered the last, that I hate to try to remember the last call again, but I thought there was some comment that the environment for acquisitions had changed and you might consider something. Did I have that, Mark?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well yeah, I mean and were still open to the thought of well look at most any thing reasonable. It just Bob we have been talking to a number of different investment bankers, weve expressed our desire there, but even some of the potential candidates that we thought might be available. We basically have been told that they are really not. So definitely have changed a little bit in the last couple of months, its not that were not opened toward, its more, I just dont see anything out there presently that is really on the market.
Robert Glasspiegel  Littleangen McAlenney: It just seems like the two questions are sort of linked, maybe you were a little slow on the trigger on the buyback if you thought the deals environment was finally more favorable?
Mark S. McAndrew:  And I think thats a fair assessment, Bob. Part of the reason we didnt, we could have spent more in the first quarter, but we really thought a couple of months ago that there were a couple of good potential acquisition prospects out there. But those candidates from what we know today are not anything that are going to happen in the short term. So yes our attitude is a little different than it was a couple of months ago.
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, Bob. I think on the last call what we talked about the environment for an acquisition is good from the standpoint weve got the cash, but also borrowing rates are so low that the right candidate came along, that it would be a good time to buy. But I agree with Mark. We've looked very hard and its just looking more and more like there's not anything that's anywhere near imminent.
Robert Glasspiegel  Littleangen McAlenney: Okay, last question. Your health premium actually increased sequentially for the first time in a bunch of quarters, which is probably a function of persistency as much as sales. But I was surprised. Could we be at a stabilization point? Your earlier answer was you look for it to continue to decline a little bit but the rate of decline is seems to be slowing?
Mark S. McAndrew:  Well, there is still some carryover Bob, our first quarter health premiums tend to be if you look historically tend to be stronger than the other three quarters. And lot of that still goes back to United American the Medicare Supplements business, we all seem to have strong first quarter sales and a lot of those people pay annually.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Gotcha.
Mark S. McAndrew: We do have, the first quarter tends to be stronger than the balance of the year. So I don't think a sequential increase is any sign. We expect to see the margins hold pretty well constant to the first quarter level, but still a small decline through the balance of the year.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Thank you, very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sarran with Macquarie.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie Research Equities: The lapsed reduction efforts that you talked about, given that first year collected premium on the life side fell, which I think its the first time in a couple years at least, can you give us an update on what overall premium growth would look like over the next few years?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well Paul, weve really don't provide guidance beyond the current year. And again without taking into account our conservation efforts which we have included in our guidance, I think we are just looking at somewhere in that 4% both in life premium range for this year. So I hopefully as the year progresses that will improve, as net sales results improve and results of some of our conservation improve, but again we havent included the conservation efforts in our guidance at this point.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. And then the conservation efforts, are those concentrated in any one business line or is that across all of the distributions?
Mark S. McAndrew:  Well, were taking a hard look at all of them, but right now from the analysis that weve done thus far, I think the biggest potential is at American Income, followed by Liberty National, and a little less at Globe in the direct response, and they find it because of the type of business. American Income, almost all of their business, a very high proportion of there is automatic deduction from peoples bank accounts each month. And there is more potential to conserve that versus Globe in the direct response. Most of that business is direct deal. We send people bill, they send it back in. So, from what we've seen, I think theres a lot more potential for American income than the other distributions but thats actually good because that is our highest margin business.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie Research Equities:  Okay. And then just lastly, how are you looking now at the amount of capital you want to keep at the Holding Company? It was around $200 million but I think you've maybe backed away from that hard limit more recently.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, we havent. Again, that will be a topic of discussion in our Board meeting tomorrow. At this point, we havent changed that outlook, we  but that is something that were going to continue to look at and will continue to discuss. And I think hopefully well get more comfortable of bringing that down.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie Research Equities:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffrey Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you good morning. I guess I would like to start with just following up on that last one. So just to be clear I mean in order to have $643 million available to redeploy you would have to heed into what had been the $200 million question, is my interpretation correct here?
Mark S. McAndrew: For the balance of the year that would be correct. Yeah.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: That would be correct. Okay.
Mark S. McAndrew: If we hold the $200 million obviously the 443.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Right. Okay. So, clarified that. And then I guess like some others maybe Im struggling to, correct me if I think in the last call, but I was thinking last call you had some optimism about actually having slightly positive growth in health sales this year, but now it sounds like youve described, you continued decline has been inline with your expectations. So am I not correctly remembering the comp sales in last quarter?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, we did. You are right. If I go back to quarter ago, we did expect a quarter ago to see small growth in our health sales this year. And that would be revision down. As far as the premiums we were not expecting. We were not expecting growth in overall premiums. We did say that we were expecting a small increase in our health sales, which we did not see in the first quarter. So in that regard, yes that is the change.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay and then once again just based on, just a reassessment of the Medicare manage situation basically?
Mark S. McAndrew: Basically we hope to see more improvement on Medicare segment business and again American Income health sales and Liberty National health sales were all down a little more than what we had anticipated.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay and then on the Liberty National Life sales outlook, it is a pretty big change. I think against last quarter it was double-digit for the year, and I think based on your quarter by quarter comments of down first quarter, down second quarter, flat third quarter, and fourth quarter single digit, I mean is that nets to a decline for the year. You talked about the issues again this quarter you talked about last quarter but I'm just trying to understand. Is the key sort of delta? Is the key change from last quarter the issue around temporary licenses? Is that what changed the outlook over the last few months?
Mark S. McAndrew:  Well that is part of it, I wont say thats all its out there their sales results are less and what wed anticipated in a quarter ago and again part of that was the shifting emphasis the permanently license agents and but in other their results in the first quarter were below our expectations.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, and then one last area, if I may. A little bit of help maybe with Part D arithmetic. I think the premiums this quarter or revenues were down sort of 5% to 6% kind of consistent with, I think, the 7% you had talked about before. Sales are off by a much bigger percent. But I guess some of that is group business. I mean, so I'm not sure how to map between maybe just the big decline in sales and what we're seeing in the premiums. Are you had it, does the large decline in sales imply that this at some point its going to run-off pretty aggressively or is that not the right arithmetic? 
Mark S. McAndrew:  No it really comes out to, a bulk of our sales come in the open enrollment period, which is in the fourth quarter and some of those carryover a little into the first quarter but both of our sales come in the fourth quarter. So we have a pretty good idea, while they have a real good idea by now what our revenues are going to be for this year. We see other than some people turning 65 we dont see the revenues are very predictable there during the balance of the year. So yes, our group sales were down in the fourth quarter last year and a little bit carryover in the first quarter of this year, which accounts for the decline and premium revenues that were seeing, but that should be fairly consistent throughout the year.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. So we really just need to focus on that fourth quarter enrollment?
Mark S. McAndrew: Yeah, thats correct. The sales that we see throughout the year, the other quarters are relatively insignificant.
Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thats it for me. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Well go next to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates, Inc: Hey, thank you, good morning guys. A couple, if I may. One Mark, you are doing the prescription drug thing and I guess others are, too, on insert. Would there be a reason to suspect there might be a difference in terms of results between insert and direct when you go to direct?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, I dont think well have quite as much impact on the direct mail side of that business, mainly because the average what were seeing is it has the older the age, the more impact it has, actually when you get about 50 years old, it has a much more significant impact in our mortality. And the average age that were issuing in the insert side is  I think its about seven years higher than it is on the direct mail side. So it will still have a  we expect it to have a significant an impact in our direct mail adult business, but not quite as much as it has on the insert media side.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thats interesting. And then, if I may, going back to re-examine the question of temporary licensing and passing exams, Primerica has stated in the past that theyve had some issues with actually getting temporary licenses, I think particularly with regards to the state of Georgia. Is that whats affecting you there?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, not there have been a little issue with that, but thats being more a conscious decision on our part in order to improve our agent retention and try to get more long-term growth to really change our financial incentives for management. To not reward as heavily people who just started working with a temporary license and I know it's been an issue for the Primerica. On the other hand, American Income doesn't use temporary licenses at all and their recruiting efforts are obviously very successful.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And in the same vein, are you guys part and parcel of this effort to try to get the entry level exams maybe a bit easier, particularly given the type of products that you saw?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, it's interesting. I read the Wall Street article there earlier this week. And I didn't realize at the delay time that Primerica was really pushing through them, but its definitely we would support, because again I look at our agency operations, the products that were selling are very simple. Whole life, term life products that I think in many states that the insurance exam is more difficult and it needs to be for the products that were selling, so I very much will support to them. And we look into what we need to do, what can we do to help support that.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then one more, if I may. On the regulatory side, issues over the last week with regards to claims payments, California and Florida. Are you guys involved at all? Have you been named?
Larry M. Hutchison: Mark, I'll address that. This is Larry. We haven't been named and I don't think will be named because Torchmark subsidiaries have a number of processes in place to address situations where an insured's died the formal claim has been filed. So we dont see it as an issue for the Torchmark companies.
Mark S. McAndrew: On the other thing I mentioned a different, I know there was number of companies when you sell whole life policy that generate cash value and when that policy stops paying the premium, you have to do something with that cash value and I know there are a number of large companies out there that use that cash value to buy a reduced paid up policy. For example you may have a $50,000 it generates ex-dollars of cash and what they will do with that if you stop paying the premium, theyll buy a $800 policy thats paid up for the rest of life. And those people, most of those people dont even realize that they have that coverage. So you end up building up as huge block of paid up business. On the contrary we dont use reduced paid up as a standard non non-forfeiture value in our products. For most part we use automatic premium loan or extended term insurance, so we dont have the same problem that some of these other company sales.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks so much. Steve got most of my questions, I guess just one follow-up for the agent licensing can you guys commented at all in terms of what percentage of your agents that have temporary license ultimately turn to full time?
Mark S. McAndrew: That I wish, I had that Chris. I dont have that number in front of me. It is obviously a number at Liberty. Again the only place that use it is at Liberty National. And I know that number is improving. If I look at the total numbers our agents at Liberty now who have who are operating on temporary license, its down to a 100 out of that 1844 which is almost a 50% reduction since the end of the year. So its not something, its something that is definitely improving and but its not an issue American Income at all.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, and then if we, if the push was they are trying to get some of the licensing exams maybe a bit easier for people to pass would that adjust your strategy in terms of recruiting and incentivizing managers?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, that would be a huge plus for us if were able to do that, because even though our passing rates are significantly better than Primericas, but still they would be  if we can do our  and either I cant even quote you what our passing rates are, thats something I will definitely have by the next call. But if we can raise that by 25% obviously that will have significant positive impact in our distribution.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And any way to quantify in terms of what your best guess would be for what that could mean on a, maybe, point basis for sales?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, Chris, Id tell you, its something I look into, so that in the next call, itd just be pure speculation on my part at this point. But it is something I intend to look into and Ill have a little better  Ill be able to better answer that on the next call.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Well move next to Eric Berg with RBC Capital Markets.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks very much. Good afternoon to everyone. Mark just two quick questions, two questions. First, regarding the math, the arithmetic of this conservation effort, is one way to think of it as follows, that you have about $1.8 billion in annualized life insurance in force and that a $50 million addition would add roughly 2 to 3 percentage points to that, what is currently running at a 3% year-over-year growth in the in force?
Mark S. McAndrew: I think thats a fair way to look at it, Eric. Were actually got to somewhere between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion. If we can conserve $50 million, it would be close to a 3% additional improvement in our collected premiums. But again, it's something that if you project it out which weve been doing, and that will compound overtime and it actually in subsequent years it would add more than 3% to our growth in premium.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Why is that? Why would it compound? Why would it be the rate of growth in premium?
Mark S. McAndrew:  If I just look at our projections, if we continue to not only conserve. Okay, if we conserve $50 million on the first year and now $40 million of that will continue to be in force with the following year. Now if we can conserve another $50 million in year two. Now we havent set a $50 million of growth. We have $90 million of growth. And of that $90 million, okay its 10% of that lapse after there is $81 million from prior years efforts plus another $50 million as well for them following year we have $130 million. And again Im just giving this as an example, but it does compound.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: So the idea is that you conserve in succeeding years what you conserved in preceding years. Is that?
Mark S. McAndrew: Yes, I think its our enforce growth actually the amount that we conserve will continue to grow along with it.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Second question is more of a qualitative one, just deepening my understanding of the underwriting process at Torchmark. Is the idea that heretofore you have not asked people what medications they're on, or you have asked them but they conveniently develop amnesia?
Mark S. McAndrew: Well see thats the difference between our direct response our agency distribution. Our agency distribution we do much more underwriting. Even though were looking at using the prescription drug record it wont have nearly the impact there and direct response the key is that is keeping the underwriting very simple. We ask really just something like five simple check the box yes, no questions.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: And thats the basis that we use. So this is to be able to see that someone is taking a drug that indicates a serious health problem. Yeah thats a big step indirect response. So now we dont ask them currently to list whatever prescription they take, because again were trying to keep that process very simple any time weve tested a longer form an application and more extensive underwriting its really hurt the response rate there.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: And how does this work from a privacy point of view? Is the idea that when people apply, is this fairly straightforward in black and white that they agree? They give you authorization to consult with the pharmacy companies?
Mark S. McAndrew: Yes they do, I mean on every application there was a stand there is an authorization one it allows us to check MIB
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Mark S. McAndrew: And it  but there is a very explicit authorization that allows us to review their prescription drug history. So yes and we founded that really hasnt at any significant impact negative impact on our response rates, it has increased the number. Were rejecting 4% to 5% of the business that we use to issue. So that it has some short-term or it is having some short-term impact on our reported sales because of that, but those are people that we had issued previously that are not risk that we want to accept.
Eric Berg  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Hi, Mark, I wanted to come back to John Nadels question on the accounting change just to make sure I understood your response correctly. You talked about this $100 million of expenses that was an opportunity. Was that if you reduced those expenses? Was that if you restructured those expenses? And is that an annual earnings number that we could expect to potentially come back and be a boost of profits. Can you just dig into that little bit?
Mark S. McAndrew: And thats, if we just reclassify and that doesnt affect the profitability. That just affects the timing of the profitability. But, no youre right there is a $100 million or expenses there in distributions that dont appear to be deferrable beginning next year. So thats what Im saying is it does give us an opportunity and we are going back and taking a very hard look at each of those. And what can we do to reduce those and yes if we can reduce those expenses even by 5%, $5 million that will now go straight to the bottom line versus be deferred to over the life of that business. So yes it is something, at this point Im not really prepared to say what we think we can reduce those buy next year, but it is something that we are very focused on and taking a hard look at.
Gary L. Coleman: And Tom, that would be annually.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: So thats an annual $100 million to think about adjusting some percent of that?
Mark S. McAndrew: Right.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: And now is there a chance and even Im not asking to say what the probability is, but is there some chance you could get all of those $100 million reclassified if you change the nature of the expense?
Mark S. McAndrew: I dont think we can get all $100 million. Again things like some of those expenses there are management or HR even on direct response. We have overhead there that is not ties to the sale of the policy. And that, those expenses are not going to be deferrable. So we dont have really option to reclassify those. There may will be a portion of 100 million that we can move into commission expense. I guess the biggest opportunity there is probably at Liberty National. But were not able to really quantify what that might be at this point.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay. And so, theres really two things to focus on here. One is there might be some percent of that $100 million that could be reclassified, restructured in some way, which wouldnt be economic, wouldnt change your cash flow, but might improve GAAP profits. But then there is also the opportunity to reduce those costs, which would affect both.
Mark S. McAndrew: Yes, thats true.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay, thats clear. The other question I had is just on, just wanted to get an update on, are you still for your life insurance policys crediting 6.5% plus, so your new money rate is about 6%. Where do you stand there? Any chance to reduce the cutting ratings to improve underwriting margins or rather investment margin?
Mark S. McAndrew: And again that is something we have discussed and we have decided for this year our new business to lower the new business interest rate crediting to 5.75, which were going to grade up over five years to 6.75. And that has a little over $700,000 negative impact on our earnings this year, but that has been included in our guidance.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: And its going to grade up over five years to 6.75%?
Mark S. McAndrew: I think thats right.
Gary L. Coleman: Thats just correct, yeah.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Now, just the last question I have is just a follow-up to that. What is it  why should you be selling a policy that starts at 5.75 that grades up given current rate environment? Shouldnt you be able to substantially reduce the crediting rate without a material impact or are there competitive implications if you went lower than the 5.75 grading uptake policy?
Mark S. McAndrew: It doesnt affect our policyholders, it doesnt change  were not changing our pricing we are just changing an interest rate assumption. It doesnt, we dont have intra-sensitive policies, so we are not changing a crediting rate to cash values or some deposit fund. This is just changing our internal assumption on what interest rate we are going to credit reserves Garry you want to coming on that?
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, I was just going to say its really discount rate that we are using for the reserves. As Mark mentioned we havent changed our pricing as result of that.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Im sorry okay that is okay I thought you are changing pricing no and thats was what embedded in the crediting rate within the pricing but this is simply a change in your accounting and, I should say your actuarial assumptions to set reserves.
Mark S. McAndrew: Thats correct. Thats why it will have a negative impact of I think $740,000 is our estimate for this year.
Gary L. Coleman: But Tom we, the impact is slightly weak. I think we talked about on either last call on the one before that should we change the interest rate to match this new gap discount rate. Well only be increasing our premiums about 1% to 3%. It wouldnt be a huge increase.
Mark S. McAndrew: And its, if its an election we make annually at the interest rate environment changes that we are not saying we might not change it back in subsequent years. But this years business that we issued that is the interest rate weve decided to go with. And if the interest rate environment continues to stay down we may again look at putting through some modest increases to maintain those margins.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no other questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to Mr. Mark McAndrew for any final remarks.
Mark S. McAndrew: Those are our comments for this morning and thank you for joining us and we will see you next quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew  Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Jeffrey Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Paul Sarran  Macquarie Steven Schwartz  Raymond James Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney John Nadel  Sterne Colin DeVine  Citi 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time, I will turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2009 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $136 million, or $1.68 per share, a per share increase of 14% from a year ago. Net income was $155 million, or $1.91 per share, a 40% increase from $1.36 a year ago. For the year, net operating income was $526 million, or $6.41 a share, a per share increase of 7% over 2009. Net income per share for the year grew 29% to $6.30. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.8% and our book value per share was $49.03, an 11% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 22% for the year to $49.86 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue excluding United Investors grew 4% to $415 million and life-underwriting margin increased 5% to $115 million. Life net sales declined 5% in the quarter to 77 million, but finished the year up 1% at $330 million. Life first-year collected premiums were up 1% for the quarter and 9% for the full year. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $144 million and life-underwriting margin was up 12% to $48 million. Net life sales declined 7% for the quarter to 33 million, but grew 8% for the full year. On the last call, I mentioned several actions being taken to renew our growth in producing agents and sales at American Income. These initiatives are progressing and we should begin to see a turnaround in the first quarter. We have, however, reduced our growth expectations for new sales to the mid-single-digit range for 2011 at American Income. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $138 million while life underwriting margin was down 4% to $34 million. Net life sales were up 1% for the quarter to $31 million and grew 4% for the full year. With the difficult economic conditions, Im pleased with the 4% sales growth in 2010 at Globe Life. Barring another significant turndown in the economy, we now expect improved sales growth in 2011 in the 8% to 10% range. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 1% to $73 million and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $17 million. Net life sales declined 11% to $10.8 million for the quarter and were down 19% for the full year to $45 million. Much effort was given during 2010 to improve the underwriting margins at Liberty National. In addition to improving our persistency, significant rate increases were implemented during the fourth quarter on the life insurance portfolio. We also closed or consolidated a number of unprofitable offices during the year. While these changes were necessary, they did adversely affect our new sales. The negative impact of these changes are mostly behind us and we fully expect to see double-digit growth in our life sales at Liberty National in 2011. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 6% to $188 million, while health underwriting margin grew 3% to $35 million. Health net sales declined 49% for the quarter to $20 million and were down 33% for the full year. Most of the decline in health sales was in our Group Medicare Supplement business, which had an extremely strong fourth quarter of 2009. Also, the new business generated from Medicare Advantage disenrollees was disappointing, as 86% of those people dis-enrolled chose to re-enroll in another Medicare Advantage plan. After several years of decline, we now believe our health sales have hit bottom, and we expect to see single-digit growth in new health sales for 2011. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $51 million for the quarter, a 15% increase. And the underwriting margin was $8.5 million, up 48%. For the full year, revenues were up 14% to $209 million, and underwriting margin increased 15% to $24 million. Administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, an 11% increase, but rose 3.5% for the full year to $156 million. For 2011, we expect administrative expenses to increase in the 1% to 2% range. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. As previously disclosed, Liberty National closed the sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary United Investors to Protective Life on December 31st, 2010. Prior to the closing, United Investors distributed approximately $305 million of assets to Liberty in the form of dividends. In addition, the proceeds from the sale are approximately $364 million, resulting in a statutory gain of $183 million pre-tax, or $119 million after-tax. Now, although the sale generated a statutory gain, we recognized a GAAP loss of approximately $35 million after-tax due primarily to DAC, goodwill, and the difference in the GAAP and stat benefit reserves. Now I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, excess investment income, capital, and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our website are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of December 31st, 2010. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $11.1 billion, including $10.4 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $9.6 billion are investment grade, with an average rating of A-minus. Below-investment grade bonds are $863 million, 8.3% of fixed maturities, compared to $824 million a year ago. Although the percentage of below-investment grade bonds at 8.3% is high relative to our peers, due to our significantly lower portfolio leverage, the percentage of big bonds to equity, excluding OCI, is 22%, which is likely less than our peer average. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB-plus, same as a year ago. During the quarter, we recognized $18 million of after-tax realized gains. For the year, we had net realized capital gains of $24 million after tax. We have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $108 million, compared to net unrealized gains of $572 million at September 30th, and net unrealized losses of $455 million a year ago. The decrease in unrealized gains in the fourth quarter is due primarily to higher interest rates, with Treasury yields increasing more than credit spreads declined during the quarter. As far as investment yield, in the fourth quarter, we invested $314 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 5.8%, an average rating of A-minus and an average life of 27 to 29 years. For the year, we invested $1.7 billion at an average yield of 5.9%. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 6.65%, compared to 6.68% yield in the previous quarter and 6.85% in the fourth quarter of 2009. The decline in yield is due to the lower new money yields. As of December 31st, yield on the portfolio is 6.63%. Now turning to excess investment income. Excess investment income is our net investment income less the interest costs on the net policy liabilities, and the financing costs of our debt. In the fourth quarter it was $76 million, up $11 million, or 17% from a year ago. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was $0.94, up 21% over the fourth quarter of 2009. The increase in excess investment income is due primarily to investment income being up $17 million over a year ago. This represents a 10% increase in investment income, compared to an 8% increase in average invested assets. Despite the lower yields in the bond portfolio, the investment income increased at a higher rate than the-related assets because we held significantly more cash and short-term securities in the fourth quarter 2009 than we did in 2010. Regarding RBC, we plan to maintain our RBC ratio at or around the 325% plus level. This ratio was lower than some of the peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although, we havent finalized our 2010 statutory financial statements, we expect that RBC at 12/31/10 will be in the range of 400% to 410%, higher than normal due to the impact of the sale of United Investors. Finally, regarding share repurchases, in the fourth quarter we used $62 million to buy 1.1 million Torchmark shares. For the year, we spent $204 million to acquire 3.8 million shares. At December 31st, the parent company had liquid assets of $204 million. In addition, in the fourth quarter, Torchmark renewed its $600 million revolving credit facility through January 2015. In addition to the $204 million of liquid assets, we estimate that 2011 free cash flow at the parent company will be approximately $655 million. This consists of approximately $350 million of free cash from normal operations along with $305 million resulting from the sale of United Investors. To-date in 2011, we have used $74 million of this cash to buy 1.2 million Torchmark shares. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2011, we are affirming the guidance we provided on the last call of expected earnings per share in the range of $6.75 to $7.10. This guidance assumes we spend between $600 million and $650 million on share repurchase for the year. I will also remind everyone that we expect the sale of UILIC United Investors to dilute 2011 earnings per share by about $0.05, followed by accretion of $0.10 to $0.20 per share next year with additional accretion in subsequent years. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first to the line of Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Great, thank you. Id like to focus on the sales issue at American Income and I guess  I mean, Mark just a couple of questions. The first is, if you could kind of characterize what it is thats holding back sales there? I think weve seen from other captive type agents and companies that its harder to get folks motivated to take a bonus job maybe in this kind of macro environment. But if its that or if its something else, would be curious what it is thats been kind of challenging that? And what it is that you think might change, as it relates to your initiatives that could turn sales around there to single-digit growth?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well, Randy, theres a number of things there, which were addressing. As Ive mentioned before, part of the issue is growing our middle management. In order to recruit more agents, we need more middle managers who are kind of the frontline in recruiting and training of these people. We did see some growth there, I think we added four SGAs in the fourth quarter and 11 middle managers. Thats not enough growth, but weve started to at least turn the corner there and growing the middle managers. In some cases  in a few places its a lead issue, generating more leads to supply additional agents and in the first quarter so far, our lead generation efforts have been pretty successful. There is one other thing, actually as far as the Internet recruiting sites, overall the total number of new resumes that were out on the three major sites actually declined last year, which doesnt  we have plenty of resumes out there to recruit from, but again, thats something that weve got to look at; if that trend continues what other sources out of recruiting can we look at. So, its really a combination of a number of things, Randy. Were moving forward, we are trying to centralize more of the recruiting effort to make it more efficient and to expand it, and I feel pretty good about where were at. Its just not something that turns around in a very short period of time. Its something that will be more of a gradual turnaround as the year progresses.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Yeah, and it means, just to follow up there, does it feel a little bit different though than other downturns and I guess the answer has to be yes, right? And so is it feeling different this time around in this soft economic cycle?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I think, I do believe its a short-term. We did see rapid growth over the last three years in our agent recruiting and our sales as a result of the downturn in the economy. Thats kind of flattened out and now the unemployment rate is starting to come down, as Ive mentioned the number of new resumes out there have started to come down a bit so its a little bit tougher environment than it was a couple of years ago, but theres still no reason we cant renew that growth this year.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: All right. Ill leave it there, thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from the line of Jeffrey Schuman with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Schuman  : Good morning. First want to just touch briefly on direct response. I think the benefit ratio there was a bit higher than weve seen quite a number of quarters. Any concerns there of any emerging trends or it was just not a particularly favorable quarter?
Mark McAndrew: Well, overall I dont think theres any particular trends there. We have some fluctuations there, so we did have a little higher than normal claims, but for the full year, the margins were about what they were in 2009 and we expect similar margins in 2011, so I think it was just an abnormal quarter.
Jeffrey Schuman  : The other thing Im wondering about is this curious phenomenon of so many people being disenrolled from Medicare Advantage, and then somehow being absorbed back into the Medicare Advantage market. I guess Im wondering is what that sort of implies for the future of the insured product. I mean, if the insured product cant really claw back much market share in the face of that kind of disenrollments does it mean that maybe the Medicare Advantage is kind of permanently supplant it to you or how should we think about that?
Mark McAndrew: Well, Jeff, again, this is kind of a first round of disenrollments, and there were other Medicare advantage options available to people in these areas. Now, if  yeah, I think there is a big question mark right now especially with the change in the control of the House, will the cuts that were proposed previously continue over the next three, four, five years? If they do, youll see the disenrollment accelerate and youll see fewer options for people to move to, but I think its a big question mark. Were not really projecting any significant growth there and really, right now, I dont think anybody really knows what the future of that is. Well just have to kind of wait and see.
Jeffrey Schuman  : And just one follow-up there. I dont know if you looked at the demographics, Im just curious. I mean, are people that have Medicare Supplement today older people that always kind of had that historically or do you actually still sell to new customers as they turn 65 and enter Medicare for the first time?
Mark McAndrew: Most of our new sales other than a group tend to be people turning 65, but again, there again, our new individual sales have declined to the point, its not a significant amount and we did  we do pick up some people who are disenrolling from the Medicare Advantage plans, but you dont see a lot of replacement of business of other Medicare Supplement business.
Jeffrey Schuman  : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our next question from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. Mark, I was wondering if you could give us an update on just your Part D enrollees for 2011. And then secondly, just maybe talk about the M&A environment, seems like youre committed to buy back, but I was wondering if youve seen any properties potentially out there that you might be interested and is it reasonable to assume there is some chance that youd use the capital for a deal or is it mostly going to be used for buyback?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well first off, our Part D sales were less than what they were a year ago, primarily in our Group side and we did lose a little, the auto enroll business we have. So, right now, were expecting our Part D revenue next year to be down a little bit in the probably 7% range. Margins maybe slightly less than what they were this year, although they were surprisingly strong because of the volume of rebates that we received. So, we expect  in our guidance, were expecting about a 7% decline in our Part D for next year. On the M&A side, in the guidance were assuming were using that cash for share repurchase, but we are actively looking at whats out there in the acquisition, as an acquisition candidate. There are some companies out there that are attractive to us, and the timing of something like that is hard to say. We dont feel pressure to make an acquisition, but its something were definitely going to be looking hard at this year, although were still  were in a good position to make an acquisition in addition to buying back shares, so I wouldnt expect to use all of that cash in an acquisition, but I think the chances of an acquisition coming along this year are much better than the last two or three.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: And then lastly, on Liberty National, the margins are actually better than what we thought about. I think part of it is lower amortization. Is that  the margin this quarter, should we assume thats a run rate or was there something abnormal this quarter in that business?
Mark McAndrew: Well, overall, the margins are improving at Liberty National. Again, we made some changes. We saw some negative changes in our persistency a couple of years ago that we had to react to and now that persistency has improved, which results in the lower amortization. So, we expect  overall we expect the margins for 2011 to be roughly what they were for the full-year 2010. But again, were continuing to  we raise the rates on the products that were raising. The new business were writing going forward, definitely has a better margin than what weve written in the last couple years.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Paul Sarran from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Hi, thanks. First question is on direct response. Sales did feel a little bit light in kind of the second half of 2010. So, want to ask what you saw in the quarter that caused you to raise your sales growth outlook for next year. It was I think mid-single-digits the list time you talked about it and now youre saying 8% to 10% or high single-digits I guess.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, I think Ive said on the last call, some of the response rates we saw a decline in the summer of last year did come back somewhat from where they were in the summer, which impacted our sales the second half of the year. But weve really  we continue to test and weve continued to find ways to be better. And again, just our response rates just pretty much hold where theyre at with the additional things that were pursuing we think that growth is very achievable. Part of it, were exploring ways to better underwrite our products, which will add margin, which will have a positive impact on our mortality, which will allow us to expand our distribution. But theres a number of different things. Theres a number of different pieces to that that cause us to have that optimism.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. And the price increases you implemented for Liberty. Can you talk about what drove that? Is it interest rate-related changes to your persistency assumptions or something else altogether?
Mark McAndrew: Well, it just comes down to even  prior to that, the margins on the business at Liberty National were the lowest of any of our life distribution. And they had been deteriorating particularly. We have a lot of fixed expenses at Liberty National even though weve been managing those pretty effectively. The margins we just felt werent acceptable and we felt the need to increase the rates to offset those.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Do you think about in terms of return targets or required returns, did you change your return requirement or is it just with the shrinking distribution size on fixed costs, you have to raise prices to get back to the same return?
Mark McAndrew: Well, it was mostly. The reason for the increases were basically just a rise in our acquisition expenses. Although it is something we are taking a look at now and we will make a decision before the end of the first quarter as to whether or not were going to change our interest rate assumptions for 2011. We dont  we figured it both ways. We dont expect it to have a material impact on 2011 results regardless of what we do, so it is something were looking very hard at, we will make a decision on our interest rate crediting before the end of the first quarter.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. Thanks. And then just one last one on health margins. The underwriting margin declined sequentially from 19.3% to 18.8%, and it had been kind of on a rising trend. And I think weve talked about it in the past, we would have expected it to continue increasing given the ongoing mix shift away from the limited benefit product into more of Med Supp and supplemental products. So, is there any change in the trend here or is it kind of a one quarter blip or can you kind of just talk on that?
Mark McAndrew: Well, the decline in the margin is really still that underage 65 health insurance block and its really the lapse rates are continuing to be high on that, and so weve had to increase the amortization of the DAC. For 2011, we may see a slight decline in that margin but 
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Sorry a slight decline in the overall health margin, or just for the under 65?
Mark McAndrew: Well, in the overall, as a result of the under age 65.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Well go next to the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Hi. Good afternoon. Most were answered. I just have one simple question now, and that has to do with the movement, just so Im clear. The movement in interest rates over the quarter and since that point, my assumption has to be that youve gotten much closer even since the fourth quarter with being even up in terms of new money versus the effective yield, that would be correct, yeah?
Gary Coleman: Well, Steven, were so far through the first quarter, weve invested a little over 6%, which is quite an improvement over the 5.8% in the fourth quarter, and 5.5% in the third quarter, but we havent gotten back up toward the 6.5%, 7% range, but 6% is quite an improvement.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. Thats really what I wanted to get to, thank you. As I said, the rest have already been asked.
Operator: Well go next to the line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Yes, most of mine have been answered as well, but just one question around buybacks. I think you alluded to taking the proceeds of United Investors and basically being in the market March and April putting to work all of the proceeds. Is that still the expectation, or has that changed at all?
Gary Coleman: Well, when I mentioned that on the last call, I said that thats the way we had done our guidance with that kind of assumption, weve got  that money is going to be coming up March 15th, but as I mentioned, weve already spent $74 million on share repurchases in 2011 to-date. You can continue to buy more. We have no set time. When were going to buy those shares, were really buying when its an opportune time. Until that money comes up, if we need to, we can use our short-term line for just a short period of time, but were not really pinpointing that were going to spend that money at a certain point in time.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, I apologize if I missed this, did you talk about when you were upstreaming dividends? Has that been done already?
Gary Coleman: Well, lets break it into two pieces. The dividends just related to our normal statutory operations this year are going to be right around $470 million. That $470 million will be spread evenly throughout the year. The $305 million thats related to United Investor sale, that will probably come up, as I mentioned, in mid-March.
Christopher Giovanni  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well go next to the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Well, the marketplace is giving you an opportunity today. How long do you stay out of the market when you report, or can you buy the day of report?
Mark McAndrew: We can buy tomorrow morning.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Tomorrow morning, you come back in?
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. With the yields, I assume the price increase at Liberty National is motivated by the decline in interest rates. Is that fair?
Mark McAndrew: That is part of it, but again, as I mentioned, Bob, with all the fixed costs that we have there  as Liberty sales have declined, it has raised our overall acquisition costs, so it was something we felt necessary. The increase in acquisition costs was a big contributing factor.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. So, that maybe negates my question, but with rates  with earning above 6%, when you started this at 5.50, might you have overshot the rate increase, and if interest rates continue to climb, would you slow it down, or youre going to take them now that youve got them and keep passing them through?
Mark McAndrew: Well, weve passed them through. Obviously, its something we well give a good look at, Bob, but I cant imagine  sales would have to come up significantly and persistency continue to improve before we take a look at repricing them back downward.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. So, its more a size of the business than interest rates, as far as a factor?
Mark McAndrew: Yes. Right.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. On the Med Supp in the quarter, anything that spiked margins back to get you even for the year, it seems like it was well above  I know the fourth quarter can be some catch-up, but was there anything unusual in there?
Mark McAndrew: I dont know 
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Part D Im talking?
Mark McAndrew: On Part D?
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Yes.
Mark McAndrew: Yes, there was on Part D. We were a little surprised. Most of that increase are rebates that we received based upon 2009 results, but we just finally settled up with our pharmacy benefits manager in the fourth quarter from the prior year, and also, we settle up with CMS for the 2009 results, and both of those were more favorable than what we had anticipated, so the 2010 experience, again, we wont really have final numbers until late this year, but we dont expect quite as good of total rebates as what we received in 2009, but again, it will be later this year before we know the exact numbers.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. And finally, is there anything in the AIG carcass potentially of interest or  I know American General was, at one point in the history bank  interest strike zone of Torchmark.
Mark McAndrew: Thats a possibility. Yes. If that comes on the market, its something we would at least definitely take a hard look at, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay, but doesnt sound like theres been anything yet. Thank you very much.
Mark McAndrew: Sure.
Operator: Well go next to the line of John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead. John, your line is open... John, your line is open.
John Nadel  Sterne: Sorry, guys. The cord fell out of my phone. I had a couple for you. Im sorry if I missed this. I think in your guidance for 2011, you guys have been talking about 10% to15% sales growth for Liberty, and I think as well for American Income. I may have missed this at the beginning, are you still on track for that? Frankly, I assume the comps, given the fourth quarter results, actually make that a little bit easier to achieve.
Mark McAndrew: Well, now weve lowered our overall  at American Income, were now just assuming mid-single-digit.
John Nadel  Sterne: Okay.
Mark McAndrew: But at Liberty, we still think we can achieve something in excess of 10% growth in life sales there because we do have easier comparisons.
John Nadel  Sterne: Okay. And then Gary, on the risk-based capital ratio, the 400 to 410 estimate, after the dividends you expect to make up to the parent, where does that come down to? Does it come all the way to your 325 target, or are you still somewhere above that level?
Gary Coleman: No, we would still be above it because at around 410% level we would have 350 million of excess capital.
John Nadel  Sterne: Above the 325, okay, and the dividends about 305?
Gary Coleman: Right.
John Nadel  Sterne: Okay, got it. And then Mark, more maybe a philosophical question on thinking about deploying capital, but Im wondering if you guys have considered perhaps redirecting some of the extra cash flow or extra buybacks that youre doing, into maybe taking your dividend yield up, especially in a relatively low rate environment, perhaps a stock in my coverage universe that could stand out with a higher dividend yield. Im just wondering if you guys have considered that, would it make some sense, especially given the predictability of your cash flow.
Mark McAndrew: Well, John, yeah. I mean, its obviously something weve considered. In fact, weve talked with most of our larger shareholders about their preference.
John Nadel  Sterne: Okay.
Mark McAndrew: And basically, their attitude is they would prefer to use share repurchase. We feel like were returning the money to our shareholders.
John Nadel  Sterne: One way or the other.
Mark McAndrew: One way or the other.
John Nadel  Sterne: Yep.
Mark McAndrew: The thing about a cash dividend is its very hard to reduce, and we have been increasing our dividend every year for the last few years and we intend to continue that, but again, we would like to  we want to be able to pursue acquisitions and if we get committed to too big of a cash dividend, I would hate to have to cut that at some point in the future in order to make an acquisition, or to  and to be quite honest, the bulk of our long-term shareholders prefer the share repurchase.
John Nadel  Sterne: Yeah, understood. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our next question from the line of Colin DeVine with Citi. Please go ahead.
Colin DeVine  Citi: Thank you very much. Lets get away from capital for a bit, and I was hoping we could just talk about what youre looking at in terms of maybe modifications to your products this year, if theres anything sort of coming down the pike?
Mark McAndrew: Collin, I dont see any major changes in our product portfolio. Again, were going to continue selling basic protection products, barring an acquisition that we might get into another product line. We are looking into the possibility of  with some of our captive sales force, the possibility of selling some other products that we may not necessarily feel comfortable taking the risk on, but we do have a significant captive sales force there that there is the possibility we may offer some other companys products that dont directly compete with our own, but we dont envision any major new product lines.
Colin DeVine  Citi: Would those be insurance products, I assume, or other types of Financial Services?
Mark McAndrew: Its possible it could be either, but I would be thinking more insurance-type products and lines that were not in.
Colin DeVine  Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I show no further questions in queue.
Mark McAndrew: All right. Well, thank you for joining us this morning and well talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: That concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew  Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Paul Sarran  Macquarie Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates Jeff Schuman  KBW Edward Spehar  Banc of America Eric Berg  Barclays Capital Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation third quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2009 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the third quarter was a $132 million or $1.63per share, a per share increase of 10% from the year ago. Net income was a $115 million or $1.41 per share, a 16% increase. Net income for the quarter was reduced by $31 million as a result of a GAAP loss on our pending sale of the United Investors. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.7% and our book value per share was $47.92, a 12% increase from the year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value was $52.77 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue excluding United Investors grew 5% to $417 million and life underwriting margins increased 8% to $115 million. Life net sales were $79 million, down 7% from a year ago, our first down quarter in two quarters. Life first year collected premiums however were up 8% to $61 million, significantly better than our 3% growth in year-to-date sales and reflected of improving persistency. At American Income, life premiums were up 11% to $142 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $47 million. Life net sales increased 5% to $34 million. The producing agent count was 4,065, up 3% from a year ago, but down 3% from last quarter. The renewed growth in our producing agents at American Income is taking longer than we previously anticipated. In addition to changes in our management incentive compensation, we are working on growing our middle management ranks as well as improvements in our sales lead volume inflow. We expect it will take another two to three months to see the impact of these efforts. We are also in the fourth quarter beginning to implement a centralized recruiting call center for both American Income and Liberty National, which we believe will significantly increase our recruiting activity at both companies. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $142 million, and life underwriting margin grew 8% to $36 million. Life net sales declined 3% to $32 million. The sales in Direct Response were again less than anticipated as response rates in our insert media segment continued to fall during the summer months. For the June to August time period, the response rates were 14% to 17% less than a year ago. For the last 60 days however, we have seen some improvement with the response rate lagging only 3% from last year. Due to other positive developments in our testing and modeling, we expect to see mid-single digit growth in life sales in Direct Response for 2011, despite these lower response rates and our insert media. Life sales at Liberty National declined 2% to $73 million and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $16 million. Net life sales for the combined Liberty National United American agency declined 19% to $11.4 million. Although, first-year collected life premiums were flat at $8.6 million, again reflecting improved persistency. We are beginning to see an upturn in our recruiting activity at Liberty National as a result of our implementation of the recruiting call center which I previously mentioned. For 2011, we currently anticipate 10% to 15% growth in net life sales at Liberty National. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, declined 5% to $189 million, while health underwriting margin grew 2% to $37 million. Health net sales decreased 29% from the year ago to $13 million, but first year health collected premiums increased 11% to $20 million. While official numbers are not yet available, the contact person at CMS has resonated that roughly 900,000 Medicare Advantage participants will be disenrolled at the end of this year and which would be a 50% over last year. We believe we are in significantly better positioned than we were a year ago to capture a share in these disenrollees. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $53 million, a 10% increase, while the underwriting margin was $6 million, down 4%. Part D sales grew 128% to $7 million for the quarter and first year collected premiums were up 83% to $13 million. Our administrative expenses were $38.4 million for the quarter, up 5% from the year ago. This increase is primarily the result of continued high employee healthcare costs. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. As disclosed, we entered into a contract in the third quarter under which Liberty National will sell its solely owned subsidiary United Investors to Protective Life. The sale was expected to close on or before December 31st, 2010 at which time the final sales process will be determined based on the advanced statutory capital and surplus of United Investors. Any numbers discussed here regarding the sale represented as if the sale had closed on September 30th. Prior to closing, United Investors will distribute approximately $327 million to Liberty in the form of dividends. At closing, Liberty will receive approximately $344 million from Protective, resulting in a statutory gain of approximately $190 million pretax or a $124 million after-tax. The $327 million of pre-closing distributions consist of a $188 million of Torchmark preferred stock, a $132 million of fixed maturities, and approximately $7 million of other assets and liabilities. The fixed maturities consisting primarily of the low investment grade bonds were excluded from the sale, because we did not want to sell them at a loss. We expect to hold them and receive full value and maturity for all these bonds. Although the sale generates a statutory gain, we are recognizing a GAAP loss of approximately $35 million or $31 million after-tax, and thats due primarily to the BAC, goodwill, and the difference in GAAP and staff benefit reserves. We expect the sale to result in approximately $15 million of lost income after-tax in 2011, $25 million of foregone United Investors earnings, offset by $2 million of investment income on the sales proceeds, if all the proceeds are invested at 5.5%. However, due to the sale, Liberty National should be able to increase its dividends to the parent company by $250 million to $320 million in 2011, to the extent of sales proceeds, our dividend to the parent, [inaudible] investment income will be less than the $10 million. For the remainder of my comments, any reference to investments from continuing operations may include the bonds that will be received in the pre-closing distribution. Now, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investments as well as excess investment income, capital and share repurchase. First, the investment portfolio. On our website, there are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of September 30th. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $10.9 billion, including $10.4 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $9.6 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Below investment grade bonds are $822 million, 7.9% of fixed maturities compared to $832 million at the end of the second quarter and $946 million a year ago. Again, we expect that the percentage of below investment grade bonds at 7.9% is still high relatively relative to our peers. However, due to our significantly lower portfolio leverage, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding OCI, is 21% which is slightly less than the peer average. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, same as a year ago. During the quarter, we recognized $5 million of after-tax realized gains. For the nine months, we had net realized capital gains of $6.7 million after-tax. We had net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $572 million compared to net unrealized gains of a $143 million at June 30 and net unrealized losses of $4.2 million a year ago. The increase in the unrealized gains in the third quarter is due primarily to the decline in both treasury yields and credit spreads. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $447 million in investment grade of fixed maturities primarily in the industrial sector. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 5.6%, an average rating of A-, and an average life of 23 years to 25 years. For the nine months, we invested $1.4 billion at an average yield of 5.9%. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 6.68% compared to 6.74% earned in the previous quarter and the 6.96% earned in the third quarter 2009. The decline in yield is due to investing a larger than normal amount money at lower yields. In the last 12 months, we invested over $2 billion at an average yield of 5.95%. This unusually higher amount of money invested in that period was due to the third quarter 2009 portfolio repositioning to reduce low investment grade bonds and investing money that was previously held as cash for liquidity purposes. As of September 30th, yield in the portfolio is 6.66%. Now turning to excess investment income. Excess investment income is the net investment income less interest cost on the net policy liabilities and the financing cost of our debt. In the second quarter, it was $75 million, up $9million or 14% from the year ago. The year-over-year comparison of each component is as follows. First, net investment income was up $13 million. This represents an 8% increase in income, slightly higher than the 7% increase in average invested assets. Despite lower yield in the bond portfolio, investment income increased at a higher rate in the related assets, because weve got significant more cash and short-term securities in the third quarter 2009 than we have in 2010. Next, the interest cost on net policy liabilities increased $6 million or 8% in line with the 8% increase in the average liabilities. And lastly, financing costs were down $1.6 million due primarily to the maturity of an $99 million issue in mid third quarter of 2009. Regarding RBC, we plan to maintain our RBC ratio at around 325%. This ratio was lower than some of our peer companies, but it is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent and statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities, and our ratings. At yearend 2009, the RBC ratio was 355%, and adjusted capital was approximately $125 million in excess of that required for the targeted 325% ratio. We estimate that the ratio at September 30th is around 350%. However, we estimate that RBC at the end of the year will be somewhere around 400%, due to the impact of the sale of United Investors. Net of the proceeds from the sale will be dividend to the parent company until 2011. Finally, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets, in the third quarter, we spent $66 million to buy 1.3 million Torchmark shares. For the nine months, we have spent a $141 million to acquire 2.7 million shares. At September 30, the parent company had liquid assets of $220 million. In addition, we expect to generate another $50 million of free cash flow in the last three months of the year. Considering that we plan to maintain the liquid assets of around $200 million, this leaves $70 million of cash available for use in the fourth quarter. For 2011, in addition to the $200 million of liquid assets, free cash flow at the parent company was expected to be approximately $590 million to $660 million, assuming no more impairments in the remainder of 2010. This consists of approximately $340 million of free cash flow from normal operations along with $250 million to $320 million resulting from the sale of United Investors. Now free cash flow generated by the United Investor sale depends on how much cash will need to be retained in the insurance subsidiaries to maintain our consolidated RBC ratio at around the 325% level. As noted before, we will use our cash efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use for those funds. Now, before I turn the call back to Mark, and wed like to address a question that came up on the last call, the question was in light of low interest rate environment, what would be the impact on product processing if we lowered the assumed interest rate. As we discussed on the last call, we are not creating policy of our accounts on our live policies. The GAAP interest rate and the discount rate that we use to calculate the GAAP reserves and its also the rate that we use in our pricing. For most policies issues since 2000, the weighted average rate has 6.75%. However the weighted average discount rate on all policies for us is around 5.6%. The new money rate on third quarter investments was 5.6%. The lowest it has been in five years. If we felt that interest rates were going to remain at that level for a long period of time, we would likely reduce our GAAP and pricing interest rates. For illustration purposes, if we lowered our GAAP interest rate and processing rate to 100 basis points, we can maintain the current underwriting margins by increasing premiums on new business by just 1% to 3% for most of our product lines. To illustrate the magnitude of such a change, a 2% increase in premium on our due to the whole life business would average about $0.14 a month and a 3% increase in our American Income Whole Life business would average about $0.75 a month. We dont think that such premium increases will have a significant impact on new sales. However, we dont have any current plans to make changes to the GAAP interest rates as we dont expect the new mid yields remain to this low for an extended period of time. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. As Gary mentioned, we are proceeding with the sale of United Investors and expect it to close by the end of 2010. Assuming we use between $250 million and $320 million of the proceeds from this sale to repurchase shares, we anticipate a small dilution of our earnings per share for 2011 of roughly $0.05 a share, followed by an accretion of $0.10 to $0.20 for 2012 with additional accretion in subsequent years. And our guidance first for the fourth quarter of 2010, we expect earnings per share to be between a $1.66 and a $1.70, so we are raising our 2010 guidance to a range of $6.38 to $6.42. For 2011, we expect earnings per share to be between $6.75 and $7.10 per share, assuming that we spend between $590 million and $640 million on share repurchase. This guidance is lighter than normal due to our uncertainty concerning the timing and price of this share repurchase. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And well take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. I had a question on your  just your comments on Liberty National Sales. I think you mentioned you expect sales to be up 10 to 15% in 2011. Theyve been 20% plus for the past several quarters, so I just wanted to get an idea of what gives you confidence that things will improve there? And then the other one just on the agent count at Liberty National and American Income as its down this quarter, wanted to see what was driving that, was it more changes in agent compensation and was there anything related to midlevel management, if you can just give us some detail on that?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well first well start at Liberty National. One of the things Jimmy obviously were going to have a much easier year to compare again next year. If you look in 2009, we had $46 million of life sales of Liberty National where this year we expected to be down closer to $36 million. So even though were expecting to see growth going forward next year, it really doesnt quite get us back to the level of sales we were in 2009, but we do expect to see 10% to 15% growth over the current levels. So I believe we are moving forward there. We have seen an improvement in our recruiting activity. So I mean those arent build increases. As far as the agent counts, at American Income, the plateau weve kind of hit in our agent count was a little more involved than what I had originally thought it was. Though, we have made some changes in management incentive compensation, but also and looking we really havent significantly grown our middle management, which for the people that are doing the training of these new hires. So the even though our recruiting activity was up, we really just had more people there to train those people, and also a late flow in some areas, really it hadnt grown the support in the increased number of new agents. I am encouraged that we have started again this call center to actually be calling on Internet resumes. And the initial results weve seen there as weve gotten a very higher response as far as people wanting to come in and be interviewed. But it also involves  weve got have more people there to train and weve also got to do a little better job in some areas of increasing our lead flow. So were working on all those things. So Im optimistic that  actually in September we started to see some turnaround there, but its  I really think itll be first quarter before we see the full impact of the things were working on.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: And then you mentioned the potential for growth in Med Sup because of net advantage Med Advantage disenrollments. Whats your view if like could this reverse the Republicans gain control of the House and/or the Senate?
Mark McAndrew: Well, its  I will first say that in our guidance we havent assumed any significant increase in our Medicare Supplement business. Its hard to say. We think if  obviously if the Republicans take control of the House, things will be a lot more just basically stagnation which isnt all bad. But its just too early to say what impact it will have in some of the Healthcare Reform Legislation. I think the  I think its too early. You will see those disenrollees, theyve already been filed with CMS, you will see those disenrollees this year, I dont think youll see that change. But as far as what will happen down the road next year and the year after, its hard to say at this point. I think the number of disenrollees this year is pretty well been set.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: And then lastly, youve had historically I think 2% or 3% shares that you have picked up when there have been disenrollees and we should  is that something consistent with that for next year?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I would say  I have said in the past, in the last big round week, we picked up roughly 3% of the disenrollee. I dont know whether we can expect to pick up quite many. In this round one, we have far fewer capital agents who are in that market place, even though we feel like our product pricing puts us in a better competitive situation. I think most of what we do pick up a bit more in the general agency side of the business, but I wouldnt expect to pick up right now.
Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Paul Sarran with Macquarie.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Good morning. Just I guess first on guidance, can you share what the assumed new money yield is? And then also anything on margin and consistency in 2011 as compared to 2010 where both of those have been relatively strong metric so far this year?
Mark McAndrew: Gary you want to  well, were assuming 5.5% in money interest rate on our guidance, Gary?
Gary Coleman: Thats correct.
Mark McAndrew: And as far as persistency, I dont  were not. Were expecting 
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Anything youre seeing like stronger or weaker than what its been so far this year.
Mark McAndrew: Im sorry what?
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Just maybe directionally stronger or weaker about the same as 2010.
Mark McAndrew: Well, in our guidance were not expecting any significant changes in our persistency. Although in most of our lines of business we are seeing improving trends in our persistency, we havent assumed any significant improvement in our persistency as far as our guidance.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. And then on American Income, if youve gave it, I may have missed it. But did you give you expected sales growth for next year?
Mark McAndrew: I dont think that I did. But in our guidance we are expecting 10% to 15% growth for American Income.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: And what kind of agent count growth would you need to see for that to be achievable?
Mark McAndrew: Well, historically assuming that would be roughly the same. Over a years time, we would need to grow our agent somewhere in the  maybe a little bit higher because our first year agents are not quite as productive. So we will probably be more in the 15% to 20% growth in agents for the full year to achieve that.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. And then maybe one more, just on the recruiting call center, can you give any kind of maybe just grab a little bit more how that will work and how it interacts with the two companies?
Mark McAndrew: Sure. Weve done some testing where actually  well, Ill give you just a little bit of history, we started 10, 12 years ago with Internet recruiting with Hot Jobs, Monster. And initially we just ran ads and we got responses to the ads. And that was a good source of recruiting inexpensively. We later a few years ago, I guess its been five to six years, we started a program where we started selecting resumes off of that database and sending emails to these people who are asking if they would be interested and coming to work for us. That increased our response and our potential candidates, I dont have the numbers in front of me, but substantially. We got far more responses to that than we did to our ads. And now, recently, weve done testing doing automated phone calls to selected resumes in addition to the email, and again the response  what wed do is we would send an automated phone calls from people to selected resumes and if they wanted to schedule an interview it was automatically transferred to a live person. Well in our tests, a live person was in the local sales office and in the offices that we use it for our both companies, wed basically overwhelm them with calls. So actually what were working on now is a centralized place where those calls can come into to where we can schedule the interviews, so that we can better handle the volume and just have better control over it. But initial results are very encouraging and its something its going to take us a while to expand that nationally in both companies, but it has a lot of potential to take our recruiting to a significant higher level. But again we got to have the middle management place to then recruit and train those people.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. And then I guess maybe youre commenting to suggest that the issue with the agent counts is more turnover of newer agents than slowing recruiting, but can you just confirm if thats the case?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, American Income, its been basically flat since the first two years. We feel the level of recruiting that we havent been able to take it to the next level. And again thats  and even though our recruiting has been up somewhat, weve seen a little higher turnover. But its  there were number of factors involved there. Again we got to significantly increase the recruiting, we got to have more people there in place to train those people. And with that all, weve able to generate a new source of leads for those people to work on. And again were working on all of those things.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Hi, good morning, guys. I think I got a couple here. First, Mark you made a statement in your prepared remarks that you thought you were in better position to capture the disenrollees this year than last year. I was wondering why that was, what has changed?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, midyear, we did is reprice our Medical Supplement products as well as introduce some new plan, which I think puts us in a better competitive situation particularly in the general agency world, which is driven by price. So in that regard, we are in better competitive situation in the general agency and the general agency distribution world with our current products and pricing what were a year-ago.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, fair enough. And then just on direct response, I dont know that you touched on this, you did mention that your response rates were much slower in June  in June and August again there is a little bit of a lag there. They had gotten better. What was  what do you think the issue was and did you do something to make them better or did they just trying to get that on their own?
Mark McAndrew: That is  and I have mentioned this in the past, the insert media portion of our direct response is that all only a certain of our business that weve see any indication that the economy has had an adverse effect. And we were surprised by the decline in the response and there is no good reason for it other than the economy. And they have come back. But were always doing things to improve what we do. So again, even in our assumptions from next year, were expecting a mid-single digit growth in sales, but were not assuming that the economy is going to improve or that those response rates are going to improve on their own. If they do, we hope to see better growth than what were using in our guidance. But I think weve been fairly conservative in our estimates for next year as far as sales.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, just as a follow-up to that, then the response rates that you are assuming in the guidance are kind of these slightly improved as opposed to the June to August numbers, is that correct?
Mark McAndrew: Well, were not assuming as bad as that we were in the June to August period.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, okay.
Mark McAndrew: But better, still less than what weve historically I think.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay. And then, Gary if you can just confirm something for me, the  if you take the proceeds in capital that youre getting out of UIL, and invested at  I think you said at 5.5%, the dilution from the sale would be $0.20, but then if it is used for share repurchase, the dilution would only be $0.05 for 2011, is that correct?
Mark McAndrew: Yes, it seems that $0.05 is correct. What we were saying is that if we invested all the money, that the dilution would be $15 million and thats roughly $0.20.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Yes, [that will get to this].
Gary Coleman: (inaudible) Yes, thats right. That would be  the higher side of the $0.20, if we invest (inaudible) as Mark indicated the $0.05 if we use it for share repurchases.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, and then it becomes accretive in 2012, I havent done my 2012 numbers yet, but what is the driver there? I guess its  that will all be done? Is that the deal as opposed to maybe repurchasing over time?
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think its a fact that in 2012 we will get the full benefit of repurchase because they will be done, you know, throughout the year, and we will get full effect in 2012. And also the amount of the income that United Investors would have provided in 2012 will be less than what it was in 2011.
Mark McAndrew: Thats basically run-off like a business
Gary Coleman: Right. Each year that was earning a little bit less, then that revenues will be less going forward. So, thats one reason that will continue to be accretive in years to come.
Operator: And we will go next to Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Good morning. First of all, I just wanted to confirm, you talked about the share repurchase assumption, kind of guidance. Did you say 590-640? Is that recent?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay, and then I think Gary just touched on this, but given that much share repurchase, I guess the timing is pretty critical. Should we think about a big chunk early because of the United Investors cash and the rest to kind of [stay just] to the year, how should be think about timing?
Mark McAndrew: Jeff, in our guidance, so we assume is the normal free cash flow, the $340 dollars that we expect. That will be spread throughout the year. The $250 million to $320 million (inaudible) thats going to come, that will be able to be passed to the holding company in late March. And we are assuming that money will be spent starting like a last week of March through the month of April.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay. And if thats the share repurchase budget, then I guess that contemplates that the $200 million cushion basically would remain in place. Can we think about that at some point potentially be drawn down?
Mark McAndrew: You know as far as our guidance go, we did assume this is going to stay in place, but you know thats our feeling now that we should have that cushion and that could change either  I am sure will have some migration that we might change the dollar amount, but as far as the guidance go we assume that it stay at the $200 million.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay great. Thats it from me. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Edward Spehar with Banc of America.
Edward Spehar  Banc of America: Thank you, good morning. You know, Mark and Gary, I think youve given a lot of information out on sort of whats underlying the guidance. It seems like maybe more than youve given in the past. So, I guess I am going to push for a little more. Can you give us some sense of what type of premium growth  earned premium, not just sales, but what type of premium growth? I mean is this just sort of still kind of 2-3% type of premium growth type of expectation?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, I guess a little skewed because of
Edward Spehar  Banc of America: On an adjusted basis, I guess, adjusted for that.
Mark McAndrew: Well, Id have to  Its  it would be similar  yes, hold on. Actually I have it with  I can say including United Investors  including it in the 2010 numbers, but pulling it out of 2011, we still expect to see United premiums roughly flat with 2010. So, I guess that would be maybe about 4% growth, if you pull United Investors out of the 2010 numbers.
Edward Spehar  Banc of America: But in terms of  I guess when we are thinking about the overall, I understand that the life is more profitable than the health, but the health is coming down. So life is going up. If everything works as you would hope it would in terms of your marketing efforts and lets say we get some benefit from the disenrollment over the next few years. What type of  what type of topline growth do you think you can get from your collection of businesses?
Mark McAndrew: Well Ed, you know again if we can continue to grow our life sales, we should see  we are growing life premiums at 5% rate. Now we should be able to see some, gradual acceleration of that. You know, just think how long and how much we can  how fast we can grow those sales. You know, again the numbers Ive been giving out, those are the numbers at the midpoint of our guidance. Weve obviously calculated the range of sales and premium growth. You know, its  we have such a big [broad] life business here that new sales really has not been of much impact, as you are aware of. So, as far as next year, could we grow at 6%? Sure, we can grow from 5% to 6%. Can we grow from 5% to 10% growth in life premiums next year? No. Can we get there in three years? We could if we continue to  if we can continue to grow our life sales, but that takes [little] amount of time. But the other thing I would  I think we sometimes focus too much on sales, maybe as I mentioned in my comments and not the first year collected premiums. You know, our first year collected premiums  we have improved our first year  our persistency of the business. I think the first year collected premium is a much better indicator of whats going to happen to your future premium growth and as long as we continue to improve our persistency, and continue to outpace the growth in sales, with growth in first year collected premiums.
Edward Spehar  Banc of America: Just on the health side, Mark, is there any reason to think that the health business doesnt continue to come down over time?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I think we are getting close to. You know, our first year  even (inaudible)  okay the mix of the business is different. We put on a significant amount of group Medicare businesses here, which we expect to see that continue to grow, mostly in the fourth quarter and first quarter. But if you look at our first year collected premiums, on the health side, we have 11% for the quarter. I think we will continue to see  actually our new health premiums increased. Now, again its going to take us a little while to get the total back up to flat but again we are persistency of the business that continues to fall off, but very poor persistency business, and very low margin business. So, no I dont think the health premium will decline much further than where it is now. I dont think we are that far off from at least having it flat, but with margins increasing, we are already seeing improvements in margin.
Edward Spehar  Banc of America: But you would think, I mean is that a 2011 event or is that beyond? What do you think
Mark McAndrew: We are still at our midpoint. We are still expecting mid-single digit decline in our health premiums, although we are expecting to see small growth in our health margins for next year, but the midpoint of our guidance.
Edward Spehar  Banc of America: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will go next to Eric Berg with Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. Pardon me. A number of questions. First, Gary, with respect to your comment about a possible albeit unlikely discount rate cut underlying your gap reserves. If you were to do that, would that be whats called in the accounting literature a loss  the result of a loss recognition study? And if that were to happen, a discount rate cut, would that be just a direct hit to your book value as the liabilities on the right hand side of your balance sheet would all be restated upwards?
Gary Coleman: No not at all. That will only affect new agents.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: You are referring (inaudible) business.
Gary Coleman: Yes right. Thats why again the total book of business, Eric, has only got a 5.6% overall interest rate, whereas the new businesses have higher rate. It would only affect new business and you know if interest rates continue where they are and if we continue to invest new money at below 6% in 2012, we very likely will make those rate adjustments then and change our interest rates, but we are going to give it a little more time before we make that decision.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Okay. My next question relates to sort of your guidance and this announcement about share repurchase or at least is seems to be an announcement that we are [buying] share repurchase. Its actually unusual in the sense that most companies may when they tell us what their sort of authorization is and they say Well if weve nothing better to do with the money, we will buy back stock. But you have sort of, I dont want to say, youve committed to it, youve expressed that this, I guess you are saying that this is your intent and am understanding that an intent is not a commitment. Its you desire, its your intent. But why is this your approach to tell us that this is your intent? Is this another way of saying, for example, that you do not anticipate any acquisitions?
Gary Coleman: Well, what..
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Go ahead.
Gary Coleman: Oh, I am sorry, I
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: I just wanted to say you could have just as easily said, We have this money. You know we have a history of buying back our stock if we think thats the right thing to do, well do it but like many other companies you could have been silent on the issue instead you took the unusual step of saying were going to take all this money from Protective Life and borrowing something extraordinary. Were going to buying back our stock. I find it noteworthy.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, one for us to give that guidance with the amount of cash that were going to have available next year. We felt like we should and where we thought our earnings would be, if we do use it for share repurchase. Now we are always looking at opportunities for acquisition, I guess I dont  the way I look at it as any acquisition should be accretive to what certainly purchase would be. So thats not to say that were not looking at acquisitions, while it means weve very much interested if the right acquisition came along and that was a better use of the money, we would absolutely do it. But borrowing that, we wanted to make it clear that we dont intent to sit on $850 million of cash and invest it at 5.5%. We will find it better use for those funds than buying bonds, whether it be share repurchase or acquisition, but again the way we look at acquisitions is it needs to be accretive versus what buying back around shares would be.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: And just explain the timing you provide into the sense that I believe you provided 2010 guidance in 2010s first quarter, havent looked in the past where youve done it, but this early for you to be providing the next years guidance?
Mark McAndrew: No actually we provided at the same time last year Eric.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Okay, because I did see it in the first quarter as well.
Mark McAndrew: In prior years we did, but last year we decided we would move it up a quarter and started doing it at this time of the year.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: And so you did it in the last year
Mark McAndrew: Just because we got so much flak from analysts that we can now provide it earlier. So we bound to your wishes Eric.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Okay, I appreciate it. I wasnt aware that to place it this time year. I thought it was a little later but in any case that was very helpful explanation. Thanks very much.
Operator: And well go next to Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Good morning. Torchmark is better than (inaudible) last night.
Mark McAndrew: Thanks for bringing us.
Gary Coleman: Yes, you wanted to remind us that.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Sorry, Gary Im full and (inaudible). On the proceeds, you said you get it end of March and will use it all in April or begin using in April?
Gary Coleman: In our guidance we assumed that we would get it in late March. We would start in March buying back shares in our that we would buy the number of shares, there is a limit as to how much you can buy, so we would buy up to that limit and doing that, it would take us a full month, the last week of March, the full month of April to spend all that money.
Mark McAndrew: Bob, again I understand that that is the midpoint of our guidance. Now we have used different assumptions obviously at the low-end and the high-end of our guidance as far the timing and price of the share repurchase.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: This is the first time youve used buyback and gains. Is that sort of seismic change that we should expect in the future or just one time because investors proceeds are so significant?
Mark McAndrew: Its hard to say but there is no doubt that part of it is because of the amount of cash that were going to have available next year we felt that we should include it in our guidance.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I agree. On the United Investors divestiture, you havent spoken publicly on what drove the decision and believe me I think its a great move and Im pleased with what you did but maybe you could articulate that why and specifically does this have any implications to your annuity block thats been sort of volatile and a nuisance in the past deck and to continue to be as volatile in the future?
Gary Coleman: No, not  obviously one of the big factors. Not just the annuities but there are some variable life business there that is really one of the profitability was definitely driven by how the equity markets performed and that was  that has been the most  the single most volatile piece of our business. So it was run off like a business, it was on a decline and has been on the decline for a number of years. Its very volatile piece of our business. And that the value will just continue to decline on and we felt like when we put it out we felt like we got a mega price for it. So all of those things, we think it was a good deal for us.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. You still had a little bit of annuities in the results, I mean the (inaudible) goes with it and just want to make sure you understand the..
Mark McAndrew: Bob, we have some annuities that were not United Investors as.
Gary Coleman: Thats a fixed annuities.
Mark McAndrew: They are fixed annuities. And its sold through banks. Its a very. Its not the volatile type business that the variable annuities that we had not invested for.
Gary Coleman: We have for some time written some fixed annuities, but.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Whats the size of the block Gary?
Gary Coleman: Okay, I should we think we have about $900 million of reserves.
Mark McAndrew: I was thinking, it was just under $1 billion of assets.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think thats right.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: And gains for administrative expenses for 2011?
Gary Coleman: Lets see. I have that here somewhere. Actually for administrative expenses were expecting just about 1% increase at our midpoint.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay.
Gary Coleman: For next year.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Youre talking almost all the fund of being a Torchmark analyst for 2011 projections away but I appreciate it.
Gary Coleman: Well yes, and those are our midpoints. We obviously allowed from both ways from that but thats our best assessment right now.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Thanks, thank you very much.
Gary Coleman: You bet Bob.
Operator: And well go next to Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Thank you. So just to change the topic from guidance. The 09-G issue was back. We had good commentary from Gary on the last conference call there that it was getting about 8% to 10% of book value. And I think there were still issues of kind of retrospective application of that and at least maybe some debate about how that affected Globe and so just was curious for any update on the 09-G in deck.
Gary Coleman: Okay Randy, first of all as far as Globe now, Im sure youre referring to the growth response. The final rules did clarify that although it will be accounted for under SOP 93-7, it will still be considered deferred acquisition cost on the balance sheet. And there was some talk about that asset being amortized on a straight line basis, that was not put in to final guidance. So the DAC will for the Direct Response would still be able to defer what were deferring and the amortization will be on the same method that weve been using. So there is  the other good news is there is no change to the Direct Response.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Gary Coleman: There is one change that was favorable. There was a consideration that not allowing deferral commissions pay to employees that was put in the final document. So we and that could have affected us at Liberty National. So that should have an impact there. As far as the estimates that I gave last time, that we were applied retrospectively and we could have a 8% to 10% reduction in equity by the adoption, thats we havent refined anyhow, were just in a positive sense  again started on getting the numbers together but as you remember we talked about the fact that on a go-forward basis, the earnings impact  whatever expenses that we wont be able to defer going forward. It should be offset by the fact that well have less amortization on the block and in addition to that were going to the write-down that we take at the beginning will be recovered overtime as well. Thats what we talked about last time and really nothing. We havent changed those numbers at all.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thats very helpful. And then is the timing then 2012?
Gary Coleman: Yes, 2012 which is really good because its going to take a lot of work for all the companies to be able to adopt us.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: What do you  which would be Jan 1 2012, I mean what  is there any thought developing and that could slip again timing wise or is that still pretty hard date?
Gary Coleman: No I think thats hard date.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Okay, I just wanted, just back there is one other thing on guidance I wanted to clean up. Given the large buyback component of the guidance, can you get buy that at the $10 million offset in kind of the UIL dilution number. You wouldnt get the $10 million offset because you wouldnt be investing that money in bonds, right, because it would be going up to go to buybacks. Is that correct?
Gary Coleman: Thats correct.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Yes, okay very good. Thank you very much.
Operator: And well take a follow-up from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Hey guys, just wanted to follow-up kind of where I think Eric Berg might have been drilling. The  with regards to the what were (inaudible) you repriced the anything that you sell, if you decided to do that so obviously your all good there. On the in-force business, so are you getting premium monthly, quarterly, yearly, however youre doing it. And the rate on that premium that you invested continues to go down. Is there any event, is there a reserve event or anything like that or is it just simply their reserves grow the way theyre scheduled to grow and your interest income gets lower.
Mark McAndrew: Yes, Steven youre right. Reserves would continue to grow as they would but as we talked about before youre right were collecting premiums monthly and annually but were also collecting for a very long period of time. And that GAAP interest rate is again reserved for pricing, thats based on what we think well earn over 20 to 30 year period as were going to collect significant cash flow from the policies. So yes were low now, we have low interest rates at this point in time. But to use, we went back and looked at our 2000  I think its 2005 issues, policies issued in 2005. The cash flow that weve earned in 2010 on policies issued 2005, weve only invested that 5.9% rate that weve invested money in this year. But if you go back all the way to 95 when they were issued in all the cash flow that we received then, weve invested that cash flow at over 7%. So were  even though were low this year, cumulative wise weve invested at higher than the rate that we  price of it. So its hard to look at one year. Its really got to be quite a few years low interest rates before it has an impact.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, let me ask you this then, were going along, we Q2, were sitting here at the same rate where we are today, nothing seems to be working. The economy is kind of punk. And Torchmark insurers decides that what this is Japan (ph) and this is where were going to be and this is where were going to be a long time. What happens then?
Mark McAndrew: Well again as we were explaining there, take for example American income. For us to have even if lowered our interest rates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: No, Im not talking about your new sales.
Mark McAndrew: Okay.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Im talking about the in-force.
Mark McAndrew: Again.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: So if anything happen does reserves have to be taken up or anything like that? Are you just hearing what you heard on the cash flows and the reserves keep on going?
Gary Coleman: I think yes, that is not a reserve event.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, thats what I was asking.
Mark McAndrew: Okay.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James and Associates: Okay, great.
Operator: Well take a follow-up from Paul Sarran with Macquarie.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Thanks. I just wanted to approach the interest rate question I guess one other way. If a 100 basis point drop in the yield you assume for pricing, that would cause 1% to 3% increase in premium. Is it valid to kind of flip that around and say that a 100 basis point drop in your new money yield suggests that premium on your existing in-force business is 1% to 3% too low so that thats the maybe the long-term impact on profitability of your existing business?
Mark McAndrew: And when you say too low. If you look at for example American income where we have even after administrative expenses we have a pretax profit underwriting profit margin of 25% or better. If we lowered our interest rate assumptions there would those underwriting margins come down couple of points.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Maybe overtime as that.
Mark McAndrew: They would overtime but thats not that it would be unprofitable instead of a 25%, 26% underwriting profit margin. Again we may have 23% or 22% but its not that it would be but the business is not so highly profitable.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Right, not unprofitable but thats the, I guess the drag caused by lower rates versus if rates stay higher?
Mark McAndrew: Well but again you had to understand that the entire block of business on the books were crediting 5.6%. So were  the yield on the portfolio is still substantially higher than that.
Paul Sarran  Macquarie: Okay, yes I understand it. All right, thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Well thanks for joining us this morning everyone and well talk to you again in next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew - Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman - EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Jeff Schuman - KBW Ed Spehar - Banc of America Paul Sarran - Macquarie Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Mike Grondahl - Northland Securities John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Colin Devine - Citigroup Paul Sarran - Macquarie  Ed Spehar - Banc of America
Operator:
Presentation: Welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note that this call is being recorded as also being simultaneously webcast. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, and Mike Majors Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2009 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was $127 million or a $1.52 per share, a per share increase of 2% from a year ago. Net income was $122 million or $1.46 per share versus $0.91 a year ago. Excluding FAS115, our return on equity was 13.6% and our book value per share was $45.37, a 12% increase from a year ago. On a GAPP reported basis with fixed maturity investments carried at market value book value was $44.13 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $430 million and life underwriting margins increased 5% to $116 million, life net sales were $85 million up 9% from a year ago. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $135 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $44 million. Net life sales at American increased 25% to $34 million producing agents in at American Income grew to 4,201 up 20% from a year ago.  It was another outstanding quarter at American Income. During the quarter, we began implementation of a need based sales presentation via laptop computer. Initial results have been very encouraging. We will continue to expand introduction of this new sales process over the next three quarters, and we project sales growth at American Income to be in the 15% to 20% range for the full year.  In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to a $144 million and like underwriting margins grew 15% of $38 million, net life sales were better than anticipated up 8% to $37 million. As a percentage of life premium, like underwriting margin was 26% from the quarter, up from 24% a year ago. We expect this favorable trend to continue for the balance of 2010.  We also expect to see improved sales growth in the 10% to 15% for the next three quarters as a result of successful test conducted in the second half of last year. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 1% to $74 million, and life underwriting margin was down 17% to $14 million. Net life sales for the Liberty National [office] declined 29% to $9 million, and the producing agent count was down to 1,535, 12% less than year end. The agents count at Liberty [harvest] was basically flat since the end of January, and net sales have also stabilized, sales should improve over first quarter levels going forward although, we now expect a small decline for the full year 2010.  On the health side premium revenue excluding part D declined 10% to $203 million and health underwriting margin was down 13% to $35.5 million. Health net sales decreased 17% from a year ago to $17 million. Health care reform legislation will have an impact on some of our product portfolio. The effective products contributed $1.8 million of net sales in the first quarter and represented $109 million of enforced premiums at quarter end.  New sales of these products will be discontinued prior to September of this year, but we dont believe there will be an impact on a rapidly declining enforced block before 2014 which would make the impact immaterial. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $52 million for the quarter, a 14% increase while underwriting margin was flat at $5 million.  Part D sales for the quarter grew 64% to $17 million. Underwriting margin from our annuity business was $140,000 during the first quarter versus a $4.1 million loss a year ago. Administrate expenses were $38 million, down 4% from a year ago. For the full year, we currently project administrative expenses to increase by 1%.  I will now turn the call over the Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio and capital liquidity. First the investment portfolio. On our website are prescheduled to provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of March 31st, 2010. As indicated on the schedules invested assets are $11.4 billion including $10.6 billion of fixed maturities and advertise cost. Combined RMBS and mortgage loans are $36 million, and we no CMBS exposure. Now the fix maturities $9.7 billion our investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Below investment grade bonds are $891 million, 8.4% of fixed maturities compared to $824 million at 12/31/09 and $1.3 billion a year ago. The $67 million increase from the fourth quarter is due primarily to downgrade the certain trust preferred securities. We expect that the percentage of below investment grade bonds at 8.4% is still high relative to our peers. However, due to our significant lower portfolio leverage the percentage of below investment grade bonds or equity excluding FAS115 is 24% which is like to lessen the peer average. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus same as a year ago. During the quarter, we recognize and other than temporary impairment of $1.7 million pretax at $1.1 million after tax. In addition, we recognize $6 million of after tax, net gains on an asset dispositions. Thus for the quarter, we had net realized capital gains of $5 million after tax. Net unrealized losses is in fixed maturities portfolio were $173 million compared to $456 million at year end '09 and $2.2 billion a year ago. The decrease in the first quarter is due primarily to credit switch decline more than [trade] relate increased. Now, well go to the asset types of [portfolio]. 7% to 4% as a fixed maturities portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 13% as redeemable preferred stock. All at $1.4 billion of redeemable preferred have a stated maturity date and other characteristics that make them more like debt securities, and today all scheduled interest payment have been received, none of these securities are perpetual preferred.  Municipal bonds comprised 1% of the portfolio compared to 3% a year ago. Since the second quarter 2009, we have approached a $178 million of Build America Bonds. These are taxable debt securities issued by state or local governments who receive a federal subsidy equal to 35% of the required interest payment. Our BAB bonds are rated AA and have an average yield of 6.4%. Due to concentration considerations, we do not expect to make significant investments in BAB bonds in the remainder of 2010. The remaining 2% of the portfolio consists primarily of government related securities, our CDO exposures down to $54 million and two securities where the underlying collateral is bank insurance company, plus preferred securities.  Now to conclude the discussion on investments I will cover the investment yield. We ended the fourth quarter 2009 with excess cash due primarily to the portfolio repositioning undertaken late in third quarter to reduce amount of loan investment grade bonds. Entering the year, we had approximately $590 million in cash and shorter term investments. In the first quarter, we invested $676 million at investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial, municipal and utilities sectors. We invested at an average annual effective yield of 6% and average rating rate minus and average life of 23 to 26 years. For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 6.79% compared to the 6.86% yield earned in the previous quarter, and the 6.97% earned in the first quarter 2009. The decline in yield is due primarily to the previously mentioned portfolio re-positioning and to the lower new money yield.  As of March 31st, the yield [doing] portfolio is now 6.76%. We ended the quarter with $372 million cash and short term investments. A $178 million in the insurance companies and $194 million in the parent company. Regarding our RBC, in the past we maintained our RBC ratio at a 300% plus level. This ratio is lower than some of our peer companies that has been sufficient for our company in light our consistently statutorily earnings, relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities, and the level of our ratings. At year end 2009, the RBC ratio was 355%. As adjusted capital of $1.5 billion divided by the required capital of $416 million. Adjusted capital included approximately $70 million of additional deferred tax, assets allowed under 2009 change in regulatory accounting rule. As reported adjusted capital was approximately $225 million in excess of that required for the target 300% ratio. Excluding the additional tax benefits, the excess capital was a $155 million at [property] 109. In addition assuming no impairment are downgrades in the next week quarters, we estimate that excess capital will increase about $90 million during 2002 because of statutory income would exceed dividends paid to the parent company. As such excluding the $70 million for tax benefits excess cash with the insurance company level would grow to $245 million by the end of the year. Although we expect some level of impairments and downgrades over next three quarters. $245 million of excess capital should be more than sufficient to absorb them.  Now looking at our liquidity, the available cash at the parent consists of cash on hand and the expected free cash flow from operations. Free cash flow results from dividends received by the parent from the subsidiaries, lesser dividends paid towards our shareholders and the interest paid on the debt. The parent company began the year with cash and short-term investments of $155 million. We expect that the parent's free cash flow from operations will be around $280 million for the full year at 2010. $84 million of that free cash was generated in the first quarter. Of that amount, we used $33 million to reduce commercial paper and $12 million to repurchase $220,000 TMK shares. The remaining $39 million was invested in short term. Thus at March 31st, the parent had $194 million of cash and short-term investments. In addition, we expect free cash flow from operations will provide approximately $195 million of additional cash over the next three quarters. So in summary regarding our liquidity and capital, first of all we expect to have more than enough excess capital and the interest comings to handle the impact of downgrades and impairment. In fact, excess capital levels at the insurance companies in 2010 would be more than sufficient to absorb even the extraordinary level of impairments in downgrades we experienced in 2009. As such we dont expect to have to contribute capital from the parent companies down to the insurance companies as we did last year.  Second we currently have $194 million in cash and invested assets of the parent company and it currently expect to maintain liquid assets at the parent around that level for the remainder of 2010. And finally as mentioned we expect the parent company to generate $195 million of additional free cash flow over the next three quarters. We will use this cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect the share repurchases will be one that uses that excess cash. Those are my comments and I will not turn it back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. We currently estimate earnings per share for 2010 will begin at $6.10 to $6.20 range assuming no additional share repurchase. Weve not included repurchases in our guidance due to the uncertainties surrounding the timing and volume of shares acquired. Those are my comment for this morning. I will now open it up for questions, Mark.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, good morning and thank you everyone. Was the trend on 60% RBC, Gary is that correct?
Gary Coleman: We are slightly lower than the first quarter but due to some timing our dividend in income but there will be at that in the second quarter.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, so the truce is kind of re-bounce back up to 360 by the end of 2Q?
Gary Coleman: Right.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: With the timing of the subsidiaries stuff and then, on the parent cash, is that I heard right $194 million, is that correct?.
Gary Coleman: Yes, thats all we have on hand at March 31st.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, and that was targeted to what at by the end of the year?
Gary Coleman: With over another $195 million 
Mark McAndrew: Right, were going to have another $195 million of free cash and be generated over the next three quarters.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: So those two numbers that are similar, got it, and then this is probably for Mark, back to Liberty National, obviously sales were weaker there as you acknowledged in the opening comments, but you do have confidence that that can kind of net out to a small decline for the full year which means that it's kind of got to turn the corner pretty quick, and so I just would like to kind get more color on how Liberty National turns the corner from what we saw in the last two quarters?
Mark McAndrew: Again if I look at the trends, the agent count declined that we saw in the first quarter occurred in January, really since the end of January through today the count, the agent count is down less than 1%. So it's basically stable, and if I look at the trends of business being submitted and issued at Liberty it is trending upwards, it's still got ways to go. We do have some changes that we intend to make here this summer which we think will add to it, but again we are not projecting huge increases there.  By the time we get to fourth quarter we have little easier comparisons. So I am saying that I expect sales, I think the first quarter level of sales and agent count will be the low point for the year , and we will see upwards trends from there but realistically it will be probably be fourth quarter before we actually see growth in our sales versus a year ago just because of the easier comparison. But right now we are still expecting somewhere in the 1% to 3% decline in sales of Liberty for the year. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Just one more clarification, in your opening comments the 10% to 15% sales growth outlook that was at Globe right the direct channel?
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
Operator: And next is Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar :  Thanks. I had a question on just your outlook for health insurance sales. You're down 17% in the first quarter. The agent count at American seems like it's declining even more so, and then you mentioned the modest impact from healthcare reform as well. As you go through 2010, would you expect your sales to get better through the year or should we expect a similar rate through the rest of the year?
 JPMorgan:  Thanks. I had a question on just your outlook for health insurance sales. You're down 17% in the first quarter. The agent count at American seems like it's declining even more so, and then you mentioned the modest impact from healthcare reform as well. As you go through 2010, would you expect your sales to get better through the year or should we expect a similar rate through the rest of the year?
Mark McAndrew:  We expect our health sales will improve as year goes on although our guidance right now expects second quarter sales to be roughly the first quarter level. Starting to see some improvement in the third quarter again, I first genuinely expected to introduce a new Medicare segment plan as well as have the repricing of our existing plans, and after that we are expecting relatively modest growth in the third quarter with better growth in the force assuming some one of our group sales are always better in the fourth quarter as well as we expect to see some benefits from the disenrollees from Medicare advantages plan.
Jimmy Bhullar : And then secondly on just your share buybacks, if I look from 2005 through 2008 you're buying anywhere from $300 million to $400 million worth of shares each year. From here on out given where your RBC is how should we think about how much you can do in terms of buybacks later this year or into next year as well?
 JPMorgan: And then secondly on just your share buybacks, if I look from 2005 through 2008 you're buying anywhere from $300 million to $400 million worth of shares each year. From here on out given where your RBC is how should we think about how much you can do in terms of buybacks later this year or into next year as well?
Mark McAndrew:  There are some uncertainties there, right now our current thinking is that $194 million of free cash as Gary said is probably about level of liquid assets we are going to hold with the parent just to provide some cushion. We still expect to see another $195 million of excess cash coming into the parent during the next three quarters based upon our current plan. We would expect to spend most of that probably on share repurchase borrowing on acquisition or some other better use for the money, whereas next year we may still well hold that cushion.
Jimmy Bhullar : And the incremental cash should be used for buybacks?
 JPMorgan: And the incremental cash should be used for buybacks?
Mark McAndrew: Well again borrowing a better use for it, Jimmy. 
Jimmy Bhullar : And the better use would just be buying a block of business or an acquisition opportunity if one arises. Right?
 JPMorgan: And the better use would just be buying a block of business or an acquisition opportunity if one arises. Right?
Mark McAndrew: I would prefer to make an acquisition versus just buy a closed block of business.
Jimmy Bhullar : Is the environment getting better now or have you identified anything or is that something you've identified that you're looking at or are you just expecting things to improve?
 JPMorgan: Is the environment getting better now or have you identified anything or is that something you've identified that you're looking at or are you just expecting things to improve?
Mark McAndrew: I can say we are always looking Jimmy but thats what I can say on that.
Operator: Jeff Schuman with KBW is next.
Jeff Schuman : A couple of items. The annuity earnings I think were a bit lower than we would have normally expected in a decent equity market quarter. Is this kind of a new run rate or was that depressed a little bit this quarter?
 KBW: A couple of items. The annuity earnings I think were a bit lower than we would have normally expected in a decent equity market quarter. Is this kind of a new run rate or was that depressed a little bit this quarter?
Mark McAndrew:  No, we got a little bit of a loss normally as you noticed we usually have Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary, but Rosemary has elected to take retirement so I dont have those numbers in front of me.
Gary Coleman: Jeff, I dont know if anything thats really unusual in the quarter, if you compare sequentially, we had some unlocking in the fourth quarter last year that we have benefited from but its as in that, I dont know if there is anything unusual in this quarter.
Jeff Schuman : Okay.
 KBW: Okay.
Mark McAndrew: I can say that when we look at our guidance for the balance of the year, we are expecting pretty small really actually under 100,000 our quarter of annuity margins.
Jeff Schuman : Less than $100,000, okay. Okay, that's helpful. Next the American Income sales looking for 15% to 20% growth for the full year. To what extent is that do you think that would be driven by higher agent count versus productivity? I know you didn't mention that there's kind of new needs-based sales process that you sounded positive about. So is that part of the growth driver there or was it mostly just agent count?
 KBW: Less than $100,000, okay. Okay, that's helpful. Next the American Income sales looking for 15% to 20% growth for the full year. To what extent is that do you think that would be driven by higher agent count versus productivity? I know you didn't mention that there's kind of new needs-based sales process that you sounded positive about. So is that part of the growth driver there or was it mostly just agent count?
Gary Coleman: Thats primarily growth in agents. Again I think youll notice that our, I think somebody brought up that our first year agent count in American Income decline slightly in the quarter. That Im not concerned with, in fact in retrospect there was big push put on in December to American Income to break to 4,000 agent mark and as a result we saw an increase in our terminations in January and February, but recruiting is still running at record levels, and the terminations came back to normal levels in March ,so we fully expect to see that type of continued growth in our agent count. We are not adding in much at this point for changes in with the laptop sales presentation.
Operator: Next question will come from Ed Spehar with Banc of America.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: Gary and Mark I got question on capital, if we look at the numbers you gave us and we think about I guess how you used to look at funds available for share repurchase, would it be correct to add the $245 million of excess at the sub plus the $194 million in cash at the end of March plus the $195 million of free cash over the next three quarters. 
Mark McAndrew: Well Ed never really use, again the excess capital at the insurance companies is not going to be available for share repurchase and as we said just taking what we think is a cautious approach, what we think we believe that insurance companies are all very well capitalized, have more than enough capital to cover most any contingency we do intend to hold some liquid assets of the parent company for the time being.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: Okay then sort of a related question would be if we are thinking about potential share buyback over the next two years the $195 million of free cash over the next three quarters, it seems like that something you would be willing to use buyback stock this year, if we think about next year without touching the cash and short term at the parent, and the current the expected capital margin at the sub level, would it be correct to think about another assuming a reasonable benign realized investment loss experienced this year would it be reasonable to think about a $350 million or more type of number potentially next year.
Gary Coleman: That might be a little high free cash flow for this year is going to be 280 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: Gary, isn't that based on sort of what you would consider to be a depressed net statutory earnings number?
Gary Coleman: Yes, youre right. Thats true because we have the realized losses of about $100 million last year that impacted. So yes, that $280 million could go to $350 million. Unless we have impairment we only got $1 million to the first quarter, so and we are expecting ,were not going to have that level that we had last year so yes you could get up in the $350 million level free cash flow.
Operator: Next question will come from Paul Sarran with Macquarie.
Paul Sarran : Its a question on Direct Response, sales growth of 8% on the quarter was better than what you had guided to of low single digits in the first quarter. So I guess I have two questions related to that. One, is there anything specific you can point to that kind of explains that better than expected performance and two, do you still expect the same level of sales boost for the rest of the year when you rollout the new enhanced packaging in the second quarter?
 Macquarie: Its a question on Direct Response, sales growth of 8% on the quarter was better than what you had guided to of low single digits in the first quarter. So I guess I have two questions related to that. One, is there anything specific you can point to that kind of explains that better than expected performance and two, do you still expect the same level of sales boost for the rest of the year when you rollout the new enhanced packaging in the second quarter?
Gary Coleman: Well, primarily in the first quarter I guess the biggest surprise was in our insured media where we insured one of our offers and other media. Those response rates made a nice comeback in the first quarter and higher than anticipated and that contributed most of the improvement in our first quarter sales. We still do expect to see on the Direct Response side, the improvements that we talked about before, with the beginning for the balance of the year. We still expect to see some of that turn to 15% sales growth after the balance of the year.
Paul Sarran : Okay. Thanks. And then on Liberty National, you mentioned further changes going in place this summer. Can you just elaborate on that comment a little bit?
 Macquarie: Okay. Thanks. And then on Liberty National, you mentioned further changes going in place this summer. Can you just elaborate on that comment a little bit?
Mark McAndrew: Really at this point I can't because they havent been finalized and they havent been announced so its something we are still in the process, by the next go I should have more details on that.
Paul Sarran : Okay and do you have an outlook for new agent recruiting at Liberty for the balance of the year? I mean should we expect first year agent counts to rebound quickly towards where they were the last couple years or with changes in comp and office closings and some better employment opportunities in the economy, should we expect a slower rebuilding process from current levels than we've seen in the past?
 Macquarie: Okay and do you have an outlook for new agent recruiting at Liberty for the balance of the year? I mean should we expect first year agent counts to rebound quickly towards where they were the last couple years or with changes in comp and office closings and some better employment opportunities in the economy, should we expect a slower rebuilding process from current levels than we've seen in the past?
Mark McAndrew: Again I think it will be a slower rebuilding process and mainly because we did have a significant turnover on our management ranks? So thats our biggest challenge right now is rebuilding our management ranks, really before we see major improvement in our recruiting efforts, so we are projecting modest growth there in the agent count for the balance of this year.
Paul Sarran : Okay. And then how long does it take to kind of rebuild that management ranks? Is that a one year project, two year, three year? Do you have any sense?
 Macquarie: Okay. And then how long does it take to kind of rebuild that management ranks? Is that a one year project, two year, three year? Do you have any sense?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I would say its a one, two year together to where we needed to be. We should see significant improvement in 2011. But yes I would say it's fair to say its a one to two year project.
Operator: Next question will come from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Medicare Part D, the premiums were up double-digit, compared to sort of mid single digit last year. Was there more price or was this a better long-term versus lapses?
Mark McAndrew: Bob, we saw an uptake particularly in the fourth quarter on our group sales, we did pickup some significant group Part D sales which improved not so much price although you noticed that our margins were flat when we priced our Part D for 2010 back in may of 2009. Basically the margin we are going to see this year is about one point less, and what we desire which we hope to make up next year, our price is still in a ballpark with most other people, but most of the uptake has been in our good side.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I thought when you went in this a couple years ago the thought process was great return on capital, but it's going to be sort of slow, gradual erosion sort of in the top line. Was that a misimpression or has this bills business held together more than you expected?
Mark McAndrew: Well, prior to this year, it has been the track that it has been on, probably now I think our opinions changed with healthcare reform legislation and actually the expected cut in funding for Medicare advantage plans. Most of people had the Part D where they have there Medicare advantage. So, I would expect as we see an improvement on our Medicare supplement sales that we would also see similar improvement on our Part D sales, and again how we continue to see good market there, they are in a good size.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: The (inaudible) [break rate] I was focusing on the Part D, and the bigger, your med supp on the health side, the things broke right with Obama care, when could we see sales and even being more optimistic premiums start to improve? Is this a year or two out or three to five years out?
Mark McAndrew:  I wish I had a crystal ball Bob I think we are going to have a much better idea between now and the end of the year. What to expect there again around the 1st of June we expect to have new product, with new pricing on addition products. We are seeing more interest particularly in independent agency world. We got lot more agents contacting us with renewed interest in Medicare supplement. But we at this point we really dont know how many dis-enrollments are going to be at the end of this year although based upon CMS estimates over the next seven years, I expect roughly 7.5 million to this dis-enrollment. But we dont know what the timing that was going to be. So there is a lot of big question mark there, and in our guidance we havent assumed anything as far as any significant growth in Medicare this year. But I think we will learn a lot during the course of this year. How much and how fast that really occurred.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  Last question, has there been any buyback in April and could you quantify that if there has been?
Mark McAndrew:  Yes, weve spent $8 million in bought back another 150,000 shares.
Operator:  Eric Berg - Barclays Capital has a question.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital:  My first question relates to the health business. What are the specific products that you expect to be affected most profoundly by the healthcare legislation and why?
Mark McAndrew:  Weve been selling our products through United American really since the Medicare settlement marker place deteriorated. That is a broad benefit hospital search goal type power so it has internal limits for you but for example it would pay, if you go to the hospital it could pay after $3000 a day while you are in a hospital.  More if you are in a emergency room, that's a broad benefit product I think our average premium on that was over $2000 a year for that product. But it has the lower mandate in loss ratio. But we are seeing in the healthcare legislation, and benefits do not meet the standards being set out. But that is the business that we have de-emphasized and basically gotten out over the last couple of years. That is what you are seeing run of the books. So it's only $1.8 million sales in the first quarter, we still have roughly 100 million on the books. But by the end of 2013, we would expect that block of business to be down another 70% of that business full of flat stuff like that so it would not be a significant portion of our overall business.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital:  You're saying by 2013 what percentage of it will have gone away?
Mark McAndrew:  About a 109, we expect about based on current rates roughly 70% of (inaudible).
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital:  Over next three year 
Mark McAndrew:  Yes.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Okay. My next question relates to agent recruiting. You have been busy in recent years restructuring your relationships with your agents not only at Liberty, but also at American Income and it's just striking that the agent count at American Income has been moving pretty steadily upward, whereas it has moved in the opposite direction at Liberty and at United American. Why is that? Help us understand the difference in the outcomes there?
Mark McAndrew:  Well, an explanation would take longer than I have in this call, Id be happy to sit down with you sometime youd like to more details, but there are significant differences between the two. One, American Income has a unique niche, they have, there are some things there. It was interesting that our newest board member happens to be chief operation officer, 7/11 and obviously talking to him is some is like the difference between a company-owned storey in a franchise. American Income is more of a franchise. These people, they are independent contractors, the SGAs, they manage all their own expenses. We pay them straight commission and they are much more entrepreneurs I guess versus at Liberty National, we rent the offices, all these people are employees. There are significant differences in the way the two operate.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Last question, I'd like to re-ask a question I asked in a prior call, which is understanding that there are important uncertainties here regarding healthcare and the future of your health business, and nonetheless like you to take a fresh crack at this question. What do you think three years from now the business is going to look like on the health side? And by that I mean specifically which distribution channels will most likely be selling your health products, and what will the complexion of the business be both and well, the new business. Where will the focus be in terms of new business, and who will be selling it when the dust settles, so to speak?
Mark McAndrew: Well, as far as we are concerned, I think we continue be in the March, so again if I look at Liberty National, most of their health business is being written through favorable reduction on the work side. None of those supplemental health products are being affected by the legislation. We expect that to continue to be a growing market and obviously Medicare supplement. I fully expect that market to rebound, I think we will see a rebound in the independent agent market faster than we will in our captive of distribution. But three years from now, thats a long way to look, but I do expect the bulk of our health sales, I would expect we wouldnt be back with high percentage of our health sales would again be Medicare supplement three year from now.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: So in summary, it sound like Liberty will remain an important distributor, United American, and you will be selling both Medicare supplement and [survive] busiest product?
Mark McAndrew: Yes we will. Those two product lines are unaffected, at least have no negative impacts from healthcare legislation, and on the Medicare side, we think it will have a significant positive impact.
Operator: Next question will come from Mike Grondahl with Northland Securities.
Mike Grondahl - Northland Securities: Mark, can you just kind of give us a quick overview of the new sales presentation? I think it's the laptop version that you're using in American Income, and just kind of how you expect that to roll out and kind of affect productivity and sort of sales levels going forward?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, Ill try to be again as brief as I can but in the past and Bernard Rapaport, founder of American Income, I think the world of he put the current sales presentation of American Income, he put together roughly 40 years ago, and it was targeting set premium for people to invest in their life insurance, he called it in hour of power, so they were trying to get people to take one hours pay a week and buy life insurance with.  What we are trying to move to is more of a selling people what they need, first thing we do is take a survey, do you own a home? Do you have children? What is your income? What are your expenses? And gather financial information and look at with our current existing coverage is whether be group individual and the laptop then analyzes it and identifies both the amount of coverage that we believe they need, and the type of product that best fits that need.  For there number of advantages to it. One we have consistency of sales presentation; it makes them far easier to train a new agent as far as sales presentation. We believe we will see a higher average face amount being sold as well as hopefully a higher average premium but a side benefit of that we hope that it will also improve our new agent retention because we think it will make it easier for a foreign agent become productive.
Mike Grondahl - Northland Securities: Thats good to hear, when do you think that surged the cycle in a little bit?.
Mark McAndrew: Well again we just we have started with just a handful of agency, we want to control the training of this, we wanted to be done properly, and so I think we will see a trend in as the year goes along, but if its impossible at this point really project what thats going to add, it's just too early in the process . Again we just started this quarter introducing our first agents on it. So just too early by next quarter I should have much harder numbers on what we could expect to add.
Mike Grondahl - Northland Securities: Great. We look forward to hearing that too. Thank you.
Operator: John Nadel, Sterne, Agee has a next question.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: I joined a little bit late so I might have missed this but the sequential improvement in excess investment income if I think about first quarter versus fourth quarter, is most of that driven by the reinvestment of the proceeds from some of your portfolio repositioning that happened late last year?
Gary Coleman: John, that's the main reason, if you remember in the third quarter, we sold almost $750 million of bonds and half of those were below investment grade bonds, but we did that in the last week of the quarter, and we ended the third quarter with $1.1 billion of cash and short-term money, we got that invested large part in the fourth quarter but some of those win over in the first quarter, we saw if you just look at invested assets in the fourth quarter or third quarter, you saw a good growth but we got thats so late in the fourth quarter, we didnt get the fall in income for the quarters revenue income. We finally got the first quarters full growth of income in the first quarter this year. So thats just a delay.
Mark McAndrew: Sorry Coleman, we have to come down, a yearend we were holding $590 million of cash, Gary and that was on the $375 million at the end of the first quarter which we had expected to coming down in the second quarter.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Yes. What's the pace there that we should be thinking about it and, I saw the new money yield it was around 6% in the first quarter. I suspect it's relatively stable at this point still?
Mark McAndrew: Yeah, were still around the 6% level and we are at $372 million of cash in short-term at the end of the first quarter. The $194 million will depend will probably, we are looking at different ways to invest and at this point theres any short-term money, well the $178 million short-term at the insurance company, well get that down a little bit but well always just because of the timing well do it near a $100 million. So were pretty much got the money fully invested at this point.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: So the net investment income level in the first quarter that goes into your excess investment income is a reasonably good level to think about going forward?
Gary Coleman : Well yes, in other words it will grow. I think over prior grow about the same sequential levels it had in prior to this, the first quarter was little bit anomaly but where as last year investment income in total in 1% because of all the cash we have this in 2010 is going to be closer to a 10% increase.
Operator:  Next is Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: I'm going to admit I'm slightly confused here. It seems to me that you're suggesting that the $195 million of free cash flow that you're suggesting that you expect over the next three quarters is available and likely to be used for share repurchase. The guidance assumes no share repurchase. I just want to make sure that that is correct.
Gary Coleman: The guidance does not include any additional share repurchase. The $195 million, currently we would expect to use most of that in the share repurchase assuming nothing else comes along that would be that we feel like it would be a better use for it.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, great. I just wanted to make sure that I understood that. And then just following up on a couple of more that were asked, the block of business that will be affected by PPACA, just for information's sake, what's the underwriting margin on that? Would you happen to know, Mark?
Mark McAndrew: Its less than 10%, normally we have to call in Rosemary but my recollection is that right around 8%
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Right around 8%, okay. And then could you remind us, I remember what happened with the agent count at Liberty National. There was poor first year and even sooner persistency. You made some changes to improve that. That hurt your agent count. Did you do something in January or has this thing just leveled out and the people are going to make under the new commission structure are the people who are just going to make it?
Mark McAndrew: I think most of the changes were made back middle of last year, and I think it was kind of finally reach bottom in January. Although on a plus side, our persistency is now back at the 2007 levels which is a plus although we hope we continue to improve on that. But, I think it just took that long for the replication to flow [okay for yourself] 
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine with Citigroup
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Good morning. If we look at the sales and I guess the growth in underwriting margin on the life side that you've been putting up in Direct Response and American Income, it's certainly substantially higher than probably what most of us have associated with Torchmark and also the markets you're in. What do you attribute to your success, because clearly there's other companies we're looking at that are struggling. Where are you taking this share from and what is it that you're doing so right that others clearly are not?
Mark McAndrew: Well, Colin I think one of our big advantage is we for the most of our controller distribution. I think that one of reasons we have higher margins and we have higher underwriting margins in American Income and Globe. If I look at American Income we just kind of model there that works I dont know how to explain that any other way, we had to make some changes over the years to get it where it is, but now we believe all the pieces are in place. We can sustain that type of sales growth gradually double digit sales growth and definitely going forward. The Direct Response, it's grown every year since 1985, so it just has long history, we have some extremely good people there and we are just keep finding ways to do things better and continue to achieve growth.  So I dont know if there any magic to it we have, we believing we have the best people with the knowledge, obviously our ability to control cost is a big plus for us one of the reasons we have very little competition there.
Colin Devine :  I guess that also leads into we think of Liberty, in a sense, do you need to have perm agents and does that need to be a core part of what Torchmark does? I mean how long do you give it to get turned around and back on track before you start asking maybe some more difficult questions given that you've got the success in the other two channels?
 Citigroup:  I guess that also leads into we think of Liberty, in a sense, do you need to have perm agents and does that need to be a core part of what Torchmark does? I mean how long do you give it to get turned around and back on track before you start asking maybe some more difficult questions given that you've got the success in the other two channels?
Mark McAndrew:  Well I feel obviously believe we can and will grow Liberty National, Liberty Nationals grow it hasnt seen growth rates similar to American Income in the 30 years as their own company but we do have to change the model, and we are changing the model at Liberty and as we are moving more towards what we have in American Income. I still believe in the next 12 to 24 months we will have the pieces in place at Liberty that we need. I look from 2003 to 2007 we saw decline in the EGM sales in American Income. We identify the problems. We knew it was going to take time to get changes in place that was needed to grow that company. But we did and now we are saving best for that, I believe the same will happen at Liberty National. 
Colin Devine :  So still going with the per agent force and that cost structure you think can be viable going forward versus going to a pure variable comp system?
 Citigroup:  So still going with the per agent force and that cost structure you think can be viable going forward versus going to a pure variable comp system?
Mark McAndrew:  I think there is somewhere between I know that is something we have release shift in that direction. We may not get all the reporting to what we are in American Income. But we got to do something or even just for some of the accounting little changes that will see. We will move to more than variable cost structure at Liberty National.
Colin Devine :  And then turning directions, on the sort of cash flow numbers that you put up, the 350, how dependent is that or how tied is it to the very strong growth and that you're putting up at Direct and American Income? The sales continue certainly at their pace. Are you able to generate enough excess cash flow by continuing to shrink the health business to kind of fund the growth on the life and keep that 350 number or is there some sensitivity to it we should be thinking? If you're seeing the strong sales to sort of ratchet it down the expectations on buybacks or dividend increases?
 Citigroup:  And then turning directions, on the sort of cash flow numbers that you put up, the 350, how dependent is that or how tied is it to the very strong growth and that you're putting up at Direct and American Income? The sales continue certainly at their pace. Are you able to generate enough excess cash flow by continuing to shrink the health business to kind of fund the growth on the life and keep that 350 number or is there some sensitivity to it we should be thinking? If you're seeing the strong sales to sort of ratchet it down the expectations on buybacks or dividend increases?
Mark McAndrew: Again we havent run our actual cash flow projection for next year. Theres no doubt that the more we increase sales, it does have some impact on what your stats are earnings. Although I would point out that at Globe we are continuing, for example on our insert media, I said the response rates were up but we still spend less money in the first quarter, then we did it in the first quarter a year ago, so thats a nice thing in that particularly at Globe and Direct response where we are seeing growth in sales so thats going to a growth and level our expenses.
Gary Coleman: Well I would add is that Colin we have seen the growth in the statutory earnings in the past to be about 6% or 7% with the new sales of the American Income. It's not going to drive it down them that much. We are still be running in 5% range.
Colin Devine : Just a final one, we haven't talked about first command in a long time. Has there really been any change to your outlook there or it's just going to slowly continue to shrink for a while?
 Citigroup: Just a final one, we haven't talked about first command in a long time. Has there really been any change to your outlook there or it's just going to slowly continue to shrink for a while?
Mark McAndrew: While we visited with them here this last quarter. They are optimistic that they will see turnaround in the military market place and we havent included any turnaround there. We are including in our guidance for sales continue to balance the first quarter level for the balance of the year
Operator: Paul Sarran with Macquarie has a follow up question
Paul Sarran - Macquarie : Two quick questions. A few years ago ran into some problems after floating too many agents and management pulled too quickly resulting in some lower productivity and higher agent turnover. Is there anything that you learned from that experience that will help you when you go to rebuild Liberty National now, is there any specific difference?
Mark McAndrew: Okay, you are not coming across, perfectly clear but sure that we learn lessons from that absolutely, that's why when I talk about, will the turnaround there be dramatic, will it be quick, no it will take some time. That's why I think a year to two year timeframe is more reasonable, and because we did learned a lesson, we have standards for promoting people in the management which we are going to stick with, and as we turn that company around, we want the growth that we achieve to be sustainable.
Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just I'll try and speak up. One unrelated follow-up question. Could you just run through the RBC numbers you gave earlier again, total adjusted capital and prior capital if you have it and the impacts of temporary changes?
Mark McAndrew: Take that Gary?
Gary Coleman: What I had mentioned earlier is its year in '09 our adjusted capital was $1.5 billion, [1.476 billion] and the required capital is $416 million which gave us the 355% ratio and that ratio would give us excess capital $225 million over the 300% that we have managed during the past also mentioned as a $225.70 million gain from the increase in deferred tax benefits was allowed this year so excluding that the growth in excess capital $155 million and I said that, that could grow another $90 million this year assuming no impairments, and downgrades over the last three quarters because our statutory income is going to exceed what we will dividend out and insurance companies to the parent
Paul Sarran - Macquarie Research: And you don't have an update of required capital at first quarter?
Gary Coleman: Well I do , the ratio was more to 340% level but I mentioned also earlier the reason for that is we had more in terms of dividends required to be paid of the companies then what we received in income in the first quarter but that will reverse in the second quarter and where the dividends will be lower than the income coming in, so we will be right back at the 355% level.
Operator: Next we will take a follow up question from Ed Spehar, Banc of America.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: Mark, I was wondering back on the Medicare advantage dis-enrolment possibility and the CMF numbers which you cited which would say that theres a $7 million plus seniors that could be coming into traditional Medicare, can you help us a little bit with how to think about that number versus what happened at the beginning of the 2000 I guess, 2000 may be 2001 period, and how to think about may be if I look at your med supp sales now, how many millions of how many seniors you are adding each year something to give us sense of how to think about that number?
Mark McAndrew: Well, thats something we had actually we went back and we looked at the last time that was significant number of Medicare, it's an old release because I had the same question Ed , back in around 2008, we were picking it up look like roughly 3% of the dis-enrollees was basically the share that we were picking up. Thats probably not an unreasonable number going forward. So, I guess thats about as good as I need to hear. Now when those dis-enrollees will occur, its a still guess, but thats where Im kind of loving it. I dont see any reason why we shouldnt be able to pick up roughly the same percentage we picked up last time, we sent a significant number of dis-enrollees.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: Okay. So then Mark, I guess the follow-up would be if you look at your level of Medicare supplement sales now, how many seniors are you selling business to kind of today at an annual basis?
Mark McAndrew: Ed, I dont have numbers right in front of me, but we can get those numbers for you, right now, weve seen a little up-tick in our individual Medicare sales but nothing significant. I think theres a number as far as premium item website as far as where the Medicare sales are. We can get you some insured accounts if you like to add.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: Yes. I guess just to try to put in perspective so if you were somehow able to pick up 210,000 people or something, what that would mean?
Mark McAndrew: I dont know what our average premium is today but the last I looked at it was something in excess of $2,000 per sale, so the average premium, so it's not going fall of that from number. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America: What were your med supp sales kind of running at now?
Mark McAndrew: I have got that here somewhere, well I dont have it right in from of me Ed. Again its our Medicare segment sale, I will split out on an exhibit on website.
Operator: At this time, we have no questions in the queue. I will turn the conference over to our host for any closing or additional remarks.
Mark McAndrew: Well, thats all of our comments for the day. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and we will see it next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-11 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gary Coleman - Chief Financial Officer Larry Hutchison - General Counsel Rosemary Montgomery - Executive Vice President & Chief Actuary Mike Majors - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Ryan - Macquarie Michael Grondahl - Northland Securities Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corp., fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also simultaneously webcast. At this time I will turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark McAndrew; please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchinson, our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery, Chief Actuary and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of my comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly please refer to our 2008 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $122 million or $1.47 per share, a per share increase of 5% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $113 million or $1.36 per share. Excluding FAS 115 our return on equity was 14.3% and our book value per share was $44.22 a 13% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturity investments carried at market value, book value was $40.87 per share. In our life insurance operations premium revenue grew 4% to $418 million and life underwriting margins increased 2% to $114 million. Life net sales were $81 million, up 5% from a year ago. At American income life premiums were up 11% to $132 million and life underwriting margin was up 6% to $43 million. Net life sales increased 24% to $35 million. Producing agents at American Income grew to 4,154, up 35%. I am pleased with results at American Income. We believe we have the processes in place to sustain long term double-digit growth and life sales as well as premiums and underwriting margins. We continue to test new ways to improve these processes to enhance our agent recruiting, training and retention as well as our policy persistency. In our direct response operation life premiums were up 6% to $133 million and life underwriting margin grew 13% to 35 million. Net life sales were down 3% to $30 million for the quarter but increased 7% for the full year. For 2010 we expect to see low single-digit growth in life sales during the first quarter improving to double-digit growth for the balance of the year. At Liberty National life premiums declined 2% to $74 million and life underwriting margin was down 26% to $14 million. Net life sales for the Liberty National offices declined 26% to $10 million and the producing agent count was down to 1,740. The decline in life sales and producing agents was greater than we expected during the quarter. While we have seen significant improvement in our policy persistency it will take us little longer to rebuild than I indicated on the last call. The sales and agent count numbers should stabilize in the first quarter and begin to show growth in the second quarter. We now expect low single-digit growth for the full year 2010. On the health side premium revenue excluding Part D declined 11% to $201 million and health underwriting margin was down 18% to $34 million. Health net sales increased 28% to $39 million due primarily to strong group Medicare supplement sales which are normally concentrated in the fourth quarter. We remain cautiously optimistic concerning renewed growth in our Medicare supplement sales, particularly in the second half of 2010. By June 1 we expect to introduce a new standardized Medicare supplement plan as well as reprice our existing products in many states. We believe we will be better able to compete not only with Medicare advantage plans but with other companies offering Medicare supplement products. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $45 million for the quarter, a 4% increase while underwriting margin improved 16% to $6 million. Part D sales grew 69% for the quarter to $27 million, and were up 52% for the full year. Underwriting margin for our annuity business was $1.1 million for the quarter versus a loss of $8.8 million in the year ago quarter. Administrative expenses were $38 million for the quarter, down 13% from a year ago. For the full year administrative expenses were down 3%. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, Chief Financial Officer, for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio and liquidity and capital. First, investment portfolio, on our website there are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of December 31, 2009. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $11 billion, including $10.2 billion of fixed maturities at amortized costs. Combined RMBS, CMBS and mortgage loans are $38 million. Of the $10.2 billion of fixed maturities $9.3 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. The low investment grade bonds are $824 million, 8.1% of fixed maturities. We began 2009 with $712 million of below investment grade bonds 7.4% fixed maturities at that time. By June 30 the below investment grade bonds are grown to $1.2 billion, 13% of the portfolio due primarily to down grades of formally investment grade securities. In the last six months of 2009 there were no material down grades and we reduced below investment grade bonds through sales of $350 million and impairments of $76 million, thus ending the year with $824 million of below investment grade bonds. We expect that the percentage of below investment grade bonds at 8.1% is still high relative to our peers. However, due to our significantly lower portfolio leverage, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity excluding FAS 115 is 22% which is likely less than the peer average. Overall the total portfolio is rated BBB plus same as a year ago. During the quarter we charged realized caps losses for other than temporary impairments four bonds. The total charge was $25 million pretax or $16 million after tax including net gains on asset sales, net realized capital losses for the quarter were $15 million after tax. Year-to-date realized capital losses are $93 million after tax. For further information regarding impairments, see the schedule on our website entitled summary of net realized investment losses. Net unrealized losses in the fixed maturity portfolio are $456 million compared to $1.8 billion a year ago. They are $60 million higher than in September primarily because Treasury rates increased slightly more than spreads tightened in most of our sectors. Now I would like to discuss the asset types within our fixed maturity portfolio. 74% of the portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 14% is in redeemable preferred stocks. All of the $1.4 billion are redeemable preferred stated maturity date in other characteristics that make them more like debt securities and to date all scheduled interest payments have been received none of these securities are perpetual preferred. Municipal bonds now comprise 10% of the portfolio compared to 3% a year ago. In 2009 we purchased $773 million of build America bonds. These are taxable debt securities issued by state and local governments who receive a federal subsidy equal to 35% of the required interest payments. Our BAB bonds are rated AA and have an average yield of 6.3%. Due to concentration considerations we do not expect to make significant investments in build America bonds in 2010. The remaining 2% of the portfolio consists primarily government related securities, our CDO exposure is down to $55 million in two securities were the underlying collateral is primarily bank and insurance company trust preferred. Now to conclude discussion of investments our recovery investment yield. We ended the third quarter with excess cash due primarily to the portfolio repositioning undertaken late in that quarter to reduce the amount of below investment grade bonds. At September 30 we had approximately $1.1 billion in cash, short-term investments, and receivables from the sale of securities. In the fourth quarter we invested $879 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the municipal, industrial, and utility sectors. We invested an average annual effective yield of 6% and average rating of A, and an average life of 18 years to 23 years. For the full year we invested $2.3 billion at an average yield of 6.4%, rating of A and life of 16 to 21 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 6.86%, compared to 6.97% yield earned in each of the previous eight quarters. The decline in yield is due primarily to the previously mentioned portfolio repositioning that took place late in the third quarter into a lesser extent the lower fourth quarter new money yield. As of 12/31/09, the yield on the portfolio is 6.81%. We ended the year with $590 million of cash in short term investments, $435 million in the insurance companies; and $155 million in the parent company. Now regarding RBC, as previously indicated, we intend to maintain RBC ratio at the 300% plus level held in past years. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Entering 2009, our consolidated RBC ratio was 329%, but by June 30, the ratio had fallen to 245% due to bond impairments and down grades and a disproportionate share of dividends to the parent during the first half of the year. In the last half of 2009, we took steps to improve the RBC ratio. We increased the capital of the insurance companies by having the parent company contribute $175 million, $125 million in the third quarter, and $50 million in the fourth quarter, and we reduced required capital by selling below investment grade bonds. Although we havent finalized our 2009 statutory financial statements, we expect that RBC at 12/31/09 will be in the range of 325% to 330%, this mean that we are approximately $125 million of capital in excess of that required to meet the target 300% ratio. In addition, assuming no impairments, we estimate that excess capital should increase by around $100 million in 2010 primarily, because statutory income will exceed dividends paid to the parent. Regarding liquidity, at December 31, parent company had $155 million of cash. In addition, we estimate that free cash flow for 2010 will add another $260 million of cash. As a result, the total cash available at the parent for 2010 will be around $415 million. In addition to the cash at the parent, we have other sources of liquidity such as debt issuance, increased credit facilities and inner company financing. Although we dont think well need to tap these sources, they could provide another $1.2 billion of cash. Based on the $150 million of excess capital within the insurance companies at 12/31/09 and the expectation that it will grow in 2010, and the available cash and other liquidity at the parent, we believe there is more than sufficient liquidity to offset the impact on statutory capital of future realized losses in down grades. In 2010, we plan to utilize excess cash as efficiently as possible, but well be prudent in doing so. We plan to maintain a cash reserve at the parent and then determine the best use of the remaining cash after were sure that our desired capital levels will be maintained. Those are my comments I will turn the call beck to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you Gary, the last year-and-a-half has been a difficult time for Torchmark and our industry. A number of tough decisions were made in the last year to ensure our liquidity insolvency at the expense of growth and earnings. I am pleased with the results weve had during this difficult time and confident that the worst of this crisis is behind us. We can now refocus our efforts on improving our earnings growth. Those are my comments for this morning. Kayla, Ill now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Ryan - Macquarie.
Paul Ryan - Macquarie: Its my first question on Liberty is thinking about where the problem exactly is, I guess to frame my question, if youre still hiring agents at the same rate and the question is, are you seeing new agents leave sooner than before the comp changes, or is it primarily the agents that were there in place when you made the changes?
Mark McAndrew: Paul, I would have to say, its sum of both. We made some changes in our compensation, really set higher standards for persistency in quality business being written and that did cause some increased turnover, particularly in agents who were writing poorer quality business, but also unfortunately the focus being on improving the quality of the business took some of the focus away from our recruiting. So in the fourth quarter our recruiting numbers at Liberty National were also down about 25% from where they were prior year. So we believe we made the changes that are necessary there. We actually had to close some office during the quarter, but we now are refocused on getting our recruiting backup and moving forward.
Paul Ryan - Macquarie: Do you expect that recruiting to come back towards the level it was before the changes in the near term?
Mark McAndrew: Yes, I do, by the end of the first quarter I expect our recruiting levels be back at prior levels.
Paul Ryan - Macquarie: Turning to the capital position, I guess if I add up what you have now plus what youre expecting to generate over 2010, around $640 million before any realized capital losses. So you say that, you plan to hold a cushion at the holding company. Can you hand if talk about how you will decide how big of a cushion to hold? When youll start thinking about deploying some of that capital?
Mark McAndrew: We have a Board meeting here in two weeks, which that will be a topic of discussion. As Gary mentioned, we feel good about the capital that we have in the subsidiaries. Right now we have I think Gary said $125 million of excess capital there, and that should grow by another $100 million this year, so we think we have more than adequate capital in the insurance companies. So I mean its something that we need to address that the $415 million of cash that were going to have at the parent. I cant really say at this point how much of a cushion we will keep there, or exactly how much we might use for share repurchase or other uses at this point. Something well definitely be discussing in next Board meeting.
Paul Ryan - Macquarie: Do you think it might be difficult to ask you how to handicap it, but do you think there will be a chance youll start share repurchases before the end of the year?
Mark McAndrew: Its hard to handicap that, but if I look at our capital situation and the excess cash that we have, we would definitely look for a good use of that cash between now and the end of the year. We dont need to hold $415 million of excess cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Grondahl - Northland Securities.
Michael Grondahl - Northland Securities: Could you just kind of take us through the growth initiatives you have for American Income and direct response and what youre trying to accomplish there on the growth side in 2010 and get us thinking a little bit about 2011 growth?
Gary Coleman: Mike, I shouldnt point out, and one of the reasons our life sales dont look quite as attractive this year as we monitor our sales and track our sales on a weekly basis. So we typically report 13 weeks of sales in our financials, which means about once every five years, we have a 14 week quarter, which the fourth quarter of 2008 was a 14 week quarter. So part of the only having 5% growth in our life sales this year is a poor quarter to compare with last year. We did have a 14 week quarter at fourth quarter of last year, so actually our life sales if I compare the same 13 weeks that we reported this year, we were actually up 12% versus the five, so we are continuing to see a very positive trend there. If I look at American Income, again, weve been making changes there for the last two and a half to three years as far as taking control of the lead generation and some of the changes we made in our bonus compensation, and we feel very good about where its at today. We went from 63 to 70 SGAs during the year. We increased our lead generation by 11% for the year, and its really in a good spot right now. Some of the things were doing, I guess the biggest thing were doing. As I mentioned in prior calls, changing the sales process to a laptop sales presentation. Were taking this very slowly. Were introducing it with a handful of our SGAs at this point in time, but the early results are very good. Were getting higher average face amount, higher average premium, higher closing ratio, so I think that has the potential to continue to fuel growth. Although even without that weve fully expected to see growth. We think we can continue to maintain the level of growth that weve been seeing at American Income. Direct Response, I think we reported sales down 3%, again if I compare the same 13 weeks with 13 weeks a year ago was actually up 8.5% for the same comparable period. Weve got very good things going on in Direct Response. Weve had some very encouraging tests. Second half of 2009 with particularly in our packaging, we tried some packages where weve had more personalization and a higher quality package, and it generates substantially 15% to 18% better response and the test that is we performed. Unfortunately we have to order new equipment and order the rollout with these new packages, and that equipment wont be installed until April. So I feel very good about the second half of this year and Direct Response should see double-digit growth in sales. First quarter, some of the cutbacks that we did in the second half of last year, we only expect low single-digit growth in the first quarter, but that growth will accelerate significantly in the second half, really in the last three quarters of the year. So I feel good about where it is. Although its still a constant challenge to find new and better ways to do things. Based upon the results of the tests, weve already seen. I feel very good about the growth that were going to see in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: The Medicare Advantage disenrollees, youre thinking that could be sort of inflection point in the market behind sort of mid year new product rollout. What are you seeing from Medicare Advantage di-senrollees in the marketplace? How is Obama healthcare snafu play into that?
Mark McAndrew: Bob, that remains to be seen. I guess unless some of the estimates that Id seen prior to the election in Massachusetts were that the Medicare Advantage enrollments would go from $11.5 million to roughly $4.5 million over the next three years. Im not without healthcare reform or without knowing where healthcare reform is going to end up. I guess theres more question about just how many people will be disenrolled there and how that funding will be affected. I still think theyve got to reduce the funding from Medicare Advantage plans with or without healthcare reform, but it may not be quite as quickly. We still believe that theres a market there. We picked up a little bit of business but less than 1,000 disenrollees in the fourth quarter. We still believe that market will rebound, but again were not making any wild projections of what we think that might be. So I guess I would still say were cautiously optimistic.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: On the buyback you already have authorization, just a tactical question. Do you feel like you have to tell the investment world that youre buying back stock before youre doing it?
Mark McAndrew: I will defer to our General Counsel, but yes. Since we announced that we were discontinuing it, we have to get reauthorized.
Larry Hutchison: Thats correct.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So you would have to have a Board meeting first before you could begin to buy?
Mark McAndrew: Yes, thats correct, Bob.
Operator: Your final question comes from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management: Just a quick question, the required interest on net policy liabilities and the income statement, it is going up on an absolute basis, but not quite as much as at least we had modeled and so it is not focus on a lot. I was wondering if you give a color on whats going on there and if indeed that is a slowing obligation?
Mark McAndrew: Rosemary, do you want to fill that one?
Rosemary Montgomery: Well, the required interest for one thing we do split it out between what we have for the life and the health business versus the annuity business, since the annuity business is actually based on a credited rate that we declare monthly and so that can have a little bit of fluctuation to it, but the actual interest on the net liability is really pretty stable as I see it going through 09, at least for the life and the health business, and changing a little bit more than that for the annuity business, but still something that we see as a pretty stable number.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management: So its not something that would necessarily be trending down because of the low overall interest rate environment?
Rosemary Montgomery: Not particularly, no.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management: Because the in force block is so big relative to the new obligations?
Rosemary Montgomery: Right.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management: Then if I could, just on the risk based capital ratio, to kind of understand maybe some of the drivers with Gary, how much rating drift impact was there in the fourth quarter or is there anyway to quantify that hit against the denominator?
Gary Coleman: Randy, there was very little in the fourth quarter, and what we gave in the last two calls we gave a best case estimate, worst case estimate, and our best case I think we said no down grades, and we saw that came true as we really had. I cant remember the exact number, but its very small amount in the fourth quarter. So denominator didnt change that much. Now, what we did pickup a little in terms of the relaxation on the deferred taxes and statutory side, we picked up $40 million to $50 million there and then we had our earnings were a little higher, so more of the increase came, because we had more capital than we expected as opposed to lower change in the expected or the required capital.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Management: Then just quickly on the commercial paper program. It looks like kind of a similar size to what it was in the third quarter. Do you intend to keep that size of program out there just to keep it marketable? Is that a fair statement?
Gary Coleman: Well, were at $230 million of CP and to be marketable. We need to at least have $100 million out there. Now, we could reduce that somewhat. Obviously, weve got enough cash at the parent company to do that, but the cost of that just keeps going down. The cost is about 40 basis points, and were not increasing it.  Were just as money matures we just roll it over and with rates being so low, I dont see a need to reduce and now if we see rates going up, weve got cash at the holding company if we need it we can pay that down.
Operator: With no further questions, Ill turn the call back over to your host, Mr. McAndrew.
Mark McAndrew: Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and well talk to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew  Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman  EVP and CFO Rosemary Montgomery  EVP and Chief Actuary
Analysts: Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Jeff Schuman  KBW Ed Spehar  Banc of America Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates Randy Binner  FBR Eric Berg  Barclays Capital Mike Grondahl  Northland Securities John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach Colin Devine  Citi
Operator: Good day, everyone, welcome to the Torchmark Corporation third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. Please note this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time I will turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead Sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchison our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery our Chief Actuary and Mike Majors Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of my comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly please refer to our 2008 10-K and any subsequent forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the quarter was $122 million or $1.48 per share, a per share decrease of 2% from a year-ago. Net income was $101 million or $1.22 per share. Excluding FAS 115 our return on equity was 14.6% and our book value per share was $42.82, a 13% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturity, investment period of market value, book value was $39.92 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 2% to $414 million and life under writing margins increased 3% to $111 million. Life insurance net sales were $82 million up 9% from a year ago. At American Income life premiums were up 6% to $128 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $43 million. Net life sales increased 14% to $32 million. Producing agents at American Income grew to 3,929 up 36% from a year ago. Due to first three quarters of this year life sales at American Income have grown 16%. I believe its on a very good growth track and has good momentum and we expect to see similar sales growth to continue throughout 2010. In our Direct Response operation life premiums were up 5% to $133 million and life underwriting margin grew 12% to $33 million. Net life sales increased 10% to $33 million. Sales results in Direct Response were somewhat better than expected through nine months our Direct Response life sales are up 10% while achieving a $15 million reduction in our acquisition expenses. We currently expect to see comparable sales growth for 2010 while keeping our expense level close to the 2009 level. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 2% to $75 million and life underwriting margin was down 23% to $14 million. Net life sales for the Liberty National offices declined 12% to $11.4 million. And the producing agent count down to 2693. Net life sales for UA Branch Offices grew 84% to $2.7 million for the quarter. Significant changes were made during the third quarter to address the persistency and profitability of the business being written at Liberty National. These changes have improved the quality of the new business but we anticipate a continued decline in our sales and producing agent count during the fourth quarter. We expect this decline to reverse in the first quarter of 2010 and expect to achieve double-digit growth in life sales at Liberty National during 2010. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 13% to $200 million and health underwriting margin was down 15% to $36 million. Health net sales declined 39% to $18 million. We believe the level of our health sales is close to bottoming out and currently expect 2010 health sales of around $70 million. With the announced dis-enrollments of over 600,000 Medicare advantage participants, we expect to see an improvement on our new Medicare supplement sales as well as Part D, although it is too early to predict how much improvement we'll see. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D was $48 million for the quarter, a 15% increase, while underwriting margin declined 11% to $6 million. Through nine months Part D sales have grown 29% to $16 million. The underwriting margin from our annuity business was $1.2 million for the quarter versus $300,000 a year ago. Administrative expenses were $37.4 million for the quarter down 2%. Year-to-date our administrative expenses are up less than 1%. For 2010 we anticipate administrative expenses to grow in the 1 to 2% range. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio and liquidity and capital. First, there are several positive developments in the third quarter, net unrealized losses in the fixed maturity portfolio are $396 million, a decline of $1.8 billion from the peak of the $2.2 billion at March 31st, 2009, and the lowest level since year-end 2007. In addition, we improved the overall quality of the bond portfolio by reducing below investment grade bonds by 23% to $946 million, and we bolster the capital to insurance companies by contributing a $125 million of cash from a parent company to the subs. The first two items the reduction of the unrealized losses and the reduction of below investment grade bonds are interrelated. In previous quarters we chose not to sell below investment grade bonds because we generally buy and hold and any under valuations were such that we felt that we would receive a better risk adjusted return by holding them. Due to the significant improvement in valuations in the third quarter, we determined that for certain below investment grade bonds we would get a better risk adjusted return by selling them. Thus late in the quarter we sold $315 million of below investment grade bonds. To offset the tax losses from these sales, we sold $443 million of investment grade in NAIC Class 2 bonds. Because the sales occurred so late in September, very little of the proceeds were reinvested as of September 30th. On the balance sheet, these proceeds are included in cash, short-term investments, and receivables from the sale of securities. We are currently in the process of investing these funds in investment grade securities. I will include the impact of this portfolio repositioning in my comments on the investment portfolio liquidity and capital. First, the investment portfolio on our website are three schedules that provide some information regarding our portfolio as of September 30, 2009. They're included under supplemental financial information in the financial reports and other financial information sections of the Investor Relations page. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $10.1 billion including $9.4 billion of fixed maturities at amortized costs combined equities, mortgage loans and real estate are $33 million less than 1% of invested assets. As the $9.4 million of fixed maturities $8.5 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. The low investment grade bonds are $946 million, and once all of the sales proceeds from the portfolio repositioning are invested will be 9% of fixed maturities. This compares to the $1.2 billion of below investment grade bonds and 13.1% of fixed maturities at June 30, 2009. In addition, the ratio of below investment grade assets to equity excluding FAS 115, is 27% compared to 36% at June 30. Overall the total portfolio is rated triple B plus the same as a year ago. During the quarter we charged realized capital losses for other than temporary impairments on five bonds. The total charge was $51 million pre-tax or $31 million after tax. Including the net gains on asset sales net realized capital losses for the quarter were $25 million dollars after tax. Year-to-date realized capital losses of $78 million after tax, for further information regarding impairments see the schedule on our website entitled summary of net realized investment losses. Now I would like to discuss the asset types within our fixed maturity portfolio. 75% of the portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 15% is in redeemable preferred stocks. All of the $1.4 billion are redeemable preferreds have a stated maturity debt and other characteristics that make them look like debt securities. And to date all scheduled interest payments have been received. None of these securities are perpetual preferreds. The remaining 10% of the portfolio consists primarily of municipals and government related securities. Our CDO exposure is down to $61 million and two securities were the underlying collateral is primary bank and insurance company trust preferreds. Now to conclude the discussion with investments, Ill cover the investment yield. At June 30, 2009, we had $625 million of cash in short-term investments in the insurance companies. We had accumulated the cash in the second quarter because of the uncertainty regarding the commercial paper and long-term debt markets. With the $300 million of debt issuance in June and stabilization of CP market, we invested this excess cash in the third quarter along with our operating cash flow. In the third quarter we invested $957 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal and industrial sectors. We invested at an average annual affective yield of 6.4%, an average rating of A, at an average life of 13 to 19 years. This compares to the 7.3% yield, A minus rating and 21 year average life of the bonds acquired in the first six months of 2009. The lower third quarter yield was due to us relax in the tenure of our investments in order to have a larger supply of bonds to invest in. Although we invested the excess cash from June 30, we ended the third quarter with excess cash due primarily to the portfolio repositioning. At September 30th we had approximately $1.1 billion in cash, short-term investments and receivables from sale of securities. $940 million in the insurance companies and the remaining $150 million in the parent company. We are in the process of investing the extra cash to insurance companies but will probably not have it all invested by year-end because of the already limited supply of bonds currently available, and the usual slow-down in the approaching holiday season. Since September 30th, we have invested $282 million at an average yield of around 6%, average life of 14 to 22 years, and an average rating of A. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 6.97%, the same as it has been for the last eight quarters. However, the portfolio repositioning in late September has reduced the portfolio yield, because the $758 million of bonds sold, had an average yield of 7.23%. As a result, the overall yield on the portfolio is now about 6.88%. And once the excess cash is invested, we expect the portfolio yield to be around 6.85%. Now, regarding risk based capital, as previously indicated we intend to maintain our RBC ratio at around 300% level that we've held in the past. This ratio is lower than some peer companies but it is sufficient for our companies, in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Entering 2009, our consolidated RBC ratio was 329%, by June 30th the ratio had fallen to 245% due to bond impairments and down grades and disproportionate share of dividends to the parent company during the first half of the year. In the third quarter we took step to improve the RBC ratio. We increased the capital insurance companies, by having a parent company contribute to $125 million of cash, and that committed to contribute another $50 million in the fourth quarter. We reduced required capital by approximately $27 million by selling below investment grade bonds as a part of the portfolio repositioning. Additional benefit of the repositioning is that our class 3 through 6 bonds are well below the regulatory limitation both in total and by individual class. With these enhancements and assuming no impairments or down grades in the fourth quarter, we estimate that the year end RBC to be around 313%, which means that we would have approximately $55 million of capital over that is required for 300% ratio. We performed a stress test assuming the following in the fourth quarter. Impairments of $30 million after tax, and assumed down grades on our bonds that are O-negative watch and outlook that result in down grades equal to the quarterly average during the first six months of the year. Even though down grades in the third quarter had an immaterial impact on the required capital. Under this severe scenario, RBC would be approximately 290% and we would need to put in additional $50 million into the insurance companies to reach the 300% level. We don't expect to have this level of realized losses and downgrades in the fourth quarter, but if we did, we have more than sufficient liquidity at the holding company to maintain the 300% ratio. At September 30th, the parent company had $150 million of cash. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter will add another $50 million. But as mentioned the parent will use $50 million to purchase surplus notes from the insurance companies in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect parent company cash to remain at $150 million at year-end. In addition, we estimate that free cash flow for 2010 will add another $210 million to $230 million to parent company cash. In addition to the cash of the parent company, we have other sources of liquidity, such as debt issuance and credit facilities and inter-company financing that could provide another $1.2 billion of cash. So based on the results of our stress testing, the cash held at the parent company, and other liquidity sources, we believe the parent company has more than sufficient liquidity to offset the impact of further realized losses and down grades on the statutory capital of our insurance companies. Those are my comments. I'll now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. As a result of bond sales in the third quarter, which Gary mentioned we are revising our guidance for 2009 to a range of $5.90 to $5.95 per share. For 2010, we currently anticipate operating earnings per share to be between $6.05 and $6.25, assuming we do not reinstate any share repurchase. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions. David?
Operator: Thanks. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:
 :
Mark McAndrew: I think that's a fair assessment and versus where we were six months ago when our unrealized losses come down $1.8 billion, we have to feel pretty good about that.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:
 : To put it another way, if you execute your plan and impairments are downgrade and are in line with what you're thinking, what is the soonest you could consider buying back stock?
Mark McAndrew: Well, we're not in a position to make any commitment there, yet, Bob. It is something that we'll continue to monitor each quarter and discuss at our Board meetings, but it is a little premature to try to set a date. Obviously things that will impact it will be what future impairments and downgrades are, although, we believe the worst of that is over, and other potential uses for the cash. So, I just can't predict right now when that might occur.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. Direct Response coming in above where you thought it was, is that anything related to the economy not being as bad as you feared, or something from an execution point of view?
Mark McAndrew: Well, it's a little bit of both. Actually we started to see some of our response rates increase which I think has a little something to do with the economy. That was the only segment that we felt like the economy had some impact on. But overall a number of the tests that we performed earlier in the year, we were able to roll out with, and the results have been good, and I'm very optimistic about where we're headed next year.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to the line of Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Thank you. Good afternoon. Mark, you touched a little bit on some of the things at Liberty, but I guess I didnt quite come away with an understanding of what's happening there in terms of why you're still challenged and what sort of compensation and other changes you made there. So could you kind of give us a little ?
Mark McAndrew: Sure. Well, as I mentioned last quarter, we saw some significant deterioration in the persistency of the new business being written over Liberty National over the last year. And they're very closely tied into when we went to electronic application and laptop sales presentation. Part of the problem there was, as we went to the electronic application, we no longer required the agent to collect the initial premium on these sales. We didn't have adequate controls in place to really guarantee the quality of the business we were writing. So we have made some changes, and we've tied management's compensation more closely to the overall persistency of the business being written. We've delayed paying agents until after that first premium payment clears the bank, and so that we know we have a good bank account, there is money in the account. So we've made some changes. We anticipated when we made though, that some of the agents and some of the managers who had quality issues that were below our standard, that we would see some turnover there and we have. Again, it was planned on, and we'll continue to see a little bit of that in the fourth quarter, but we think we've made the changes necessary to improve the profitability of the business, and we believe by the first quarter of next year we will be in a position to start seeing some good growth there again.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Okay. That's helpful. And next for Gary. Gary, you give us a lot of information around things sort of impacting portfolio yield. I guess the answer to my question maybe embedded in what you already given us but maybe you can help me out. If you want to think specifically about the kind of the cost of the portfolio repositioning, either in terms of yield or dollars, can you isolate what the cost of that expected to be essentially?
Gary Coleman: Our portfolio yield has been or last several quarters 6/97, and now just snapshot of the portfolio as it is, it is down around 688. So it costs us 10, 11 basis points.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:
 : Are you likely at some point to kind of get back to that kind of technique, or are you likely to need to kind of manage holding company a little differently going forward based on what we've experienced in this cycle?
Gary Coleman: Well, Jeff, we want to make efficient use of our excess cash. Although, it is something that we're more open now to looking at potential acquisitions, and as a credit markets continue to improve and open up, that's a possible use for that excess cash, too. So, it's really impossible to say right at this point just how we'll use our excess cash next year, but we will try to use it as efficiently as possible.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: I guess part of my question was about the holding company, historically, you didn't carry a lot of cash at the holding company. As we get beyond this crisis, can you get back to that mode, or out of prudence will you carry a different level that going forward?
Gary Coleman:
 : You may see more of a spreading of the cash out over the year as opposed to bringing it out in the first half than second half.
Gary Coleman: Jeff, short-term, as far as 2010, I will have to say we will be a little more prudent as far as holding some cushion at the holding company level.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Great. Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Ed Spehar with Banc of America.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Thank you, good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on free cash flow for 2010, Gary, I think you said 210 to 230, which is a lower number than what I would think is a normal free cash flow numbers. So can you explain that a little bit more? Does part of that reflect holding more of a cushion at the holding company or what's going on there?
Gary Coleman: Well, part of it is, again from this year's earnings and the impairments that we had this year are holding down the earnings for this year. And that's  and also the new business, increased new business, where Liberty is going to hold their earnings down a little bit. But we will hold a little extra cash. We're just not sure how much. That's why I'm giving you a range. And it's really kind of early to give a range because I haven't even seen our third quarter numbers. So, I try to be conservative with that. We'll have a better idea of free cash flow when we get into the fourth quarter. But the single biggest factor Ed, was the impairments we had during the year.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Can I follow up on that? Because there seems to be some  it seems unusual to hear about statutory dividend capability capacity being limited by impairment s because I think statutory dividends are a function of prior-year operating gain or 10% of surplus and it's either greater-than or less-than when you look at the state. So why  and there is some confusion about this net earnings limitation which I'm not sure, I mean there is different opinions on this sort of related to Nebraska regulation. I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit more on that.
Gary Coleman: Well, Nebraska standpoint, it was different than say, Delaware, Nebraska requires  you take your operating earnings less any loss, if you have losses you have to reduce the losses on it, and that's different. In Delaware it is operating earnings and in Nebraska it is operating earnings and if you had realized losses you have to deduct that.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Okay. And then I guess the  maybe I'll follow up with you on that because I want to talk a little bit more about the specifics, because it seems like  it is unclear to me that that's the approach that makes sense given that you're a life company. I know there is some controversy about this Nebraska wording. But I wanted to ask you about the guidance for 2010, and I'm sorry if I missed this. But the wider range, little bit wider range, is it because we're early on here or is it specifically related to sort of uncertainty about how quickly you reinvest cash or share buyback I don't think is included in that number. But can you give us a little bit about maybe in terms of why the range is wide?
Gary Coleman: Well, that is typically what we've done in the last couple of years, anyway, Ed, we started out the year with a little wider range and then we narrow it as the year goes along. Although, there is still some uncertainty there, and I would have to say there is some conservatism built in there, as far as particularly on both the investment income side as well as underwriting margin side. But Gary, you can on the investment side, we've assumed that we're basically investing funds at 6% for the entire year.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Yes, that's correct.
Mark McAndrew: But it's kind of a normal  this is typical of what we've done in the last couple of years, Ed.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Finkelstein with FPK Research.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: Hi, couple of quick sessions here. I guess, firstly, why the rationale of issuing a surplus note rather than just doing what you're doing with 125 and just putting another 50 in the stack company?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think it gives us a little more flexibility. Also it helps us from the tax standpoint. It generates  we need non-insurance company income, and so, the sales from that standpoint it's  and it gives a little flexibility in terms of, that money could be paid back at certain points in time.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: Okay. And I guess just thinking about 2010 and even beyond 2010 into 2011, I mean obviously the primary health block is in essentially in run-off. The in force is down to 129. How much do you estimate the earnings impact from that business essentially from here going to zero in terms of whether it is operating earnings or EPS, or what have you?
Gary Coleman: Mark, I guess that is another way you can look that is the in force on the hospital/surgical block is down to 129 million and Rosemary, our profit margin on that business
Rosemary Montgomery: The underwriting margin on that business is probably around, I would say around 6%, 7%, and based on, assuming that there is no further persistence deterioration, we would expect that to hold.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: And that is pretax.
Rosemary Montgomery: Yes
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: So, you can kind of see the potential impact there thats in run-off mode.
Gary Coleman: Again, that's 16% of our total health enforced premium. One of the things on the Medicare supplement side, thats still, we saw 457 million Medicare premiums on the books which is 55% of our total and it declined by just over 1% in the quarter. And I think with the Medicare advantage disenrollments and the potential for there is going to be two new standardized Medicare supplements plans coming up next year. I'm cautiously optimistic that we can start seeing some growth in the Medicare supplement side.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: Okay. I guess, just one final question on the run-off of the primary health block. I mean, is it 6% to 7% goes to zero and no additional overhead expenses go to the other businesses, therefore the margin on the other businesses get hit because of a lower premium margin or can it literally go to zero and literally no changes in the margins Med sup and the other health businesses?
Rosemary Montgomery: Are you asking if they're independent? Because I think I would say the answer is yes. But if that block entirely runs off then I would expect the Medicare supplement profits that we're still seeing would hold.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: Right. Okay. And then just one final question on capital. I understand you're going to kind of hold to a more normalized RBC throughout the year. But is that number going to call it 300% or are you going to target at little above that as a stack company?
Gary Coleman: I think the proprietary it maybe  we have a little bit of a cushion there. It is going close  we're not going to go up to 400%, closer to 300%, but we'll try to maintain a cushion.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: At the stack company.
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK Research: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Hi, good afternoon. Mark, if we could, can we revisit the discussion with Jeff on L & L, so I understand what is going on here? The problem was you move to laptops agents no longer collected the initial premium. How are you getting initial, well, presumably you got it by hand the first time around, but how do you get it after this change, how were you suppose at the beginning of wire transfer?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I mean, for a number of years the primary payment mode has been automatic withdrawal from people's bank accounts on a monthly basis. So when we were dealing with paper applications, the customer wrote a check for the first month's premium, so we knew we had the first premium payment as well as from the check we knew we had good bank account information. Now, when we went to electronic application, we were drafting out of the people's bank account the first premium payment and a lot of it was just incorrect bank account numbers. We would have to go back and forth. But one, now we're making sure, a big change which is making sure that that first premium payment clears the bank before we advance commissions or pay bonuses and that had immediate impact.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Is the issue, I mean, you said wrong numbers, but is part of the issue some type of buyer's remorse, and would hand in half (inaudible) and now people pay him and then the transfer would just never be made because the purchaser had remorse.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I am sure there was some of that. It's impossible to quantify why the initial payments weren't clearing. We just know we saw a significant deterioration coincide to the time with moved to electronic application.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: You said that you've tied  you're not going to pay until the check clears I guess or until wire transfer is made and you tied the management to bonuses and pay to persistency. Any steps to make sure that that first payment comes in?
Mark McAndrew: Yes, there is too. We again now with electronic application, because it is electronic funds transfer. We're processing that within 24 hours from the time the application is transmitted to us. So we only had to delay payment for a few days. But, no, we're now making sure that if the initial payment does not clear the bank, the agent is not paid for.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Very good. If I could, you mentioned Medicare disenrollment, Was that a, I couldn't quite hear the number, was that 600,000?
Mark McAndrew: It's just over 600,000, I think somewhere 630,000, or somewhere in that range.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: And then maybe, Rosemary or somebody can comment on how the Part D bidding went for you guys this time around.
Rosemary Montgomery: The Part D bidding was fine. Our plans were approved. Our bids were accepted. We're going to generally be selling the same type of plans next year that we've had in 2009. The premium is going up a little bit by I would say approximately $3 a month. We also made some changes in our co-pays, but it's basically business as usual there, plus same profit margin that we have anticipated going into next year as we had for this year as we had for this year.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates:
 :
Rosemary Montgomery: Well, weve really picked up a real small region, Delaware, DC and...
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Rosemary Montgomery: So, that will probably be about the same.
Mark McAndrew: Although
Rosemary Montgomery: Thats the region we had.
Mark McAndrew: On the individual side, I would expect to see some improvement there, just because of the 630,000 Medicare Advantage disenrollees, some of those people have the Part D coverage with Medicare Advantage plan. So, again we know where those disenrollees are occurring, and we've already developed mail links and print ads to target those areas and so hopefully we'll pick up some of that business also.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James & Associates: Okay, good point. All right, thank you guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner  FBR: Thanks. Just a question on investment yields. I think in a conversation here you were talking about targeting 6% new money yields in 2010 with kind of the money that needs to be reinvested. Did I hear that right?
Gary Coleman: Yes, Randy, you did. The reason we used the 6% is that's what we're  we've invested in so far this quarter. We actually think the rates may be higher than that. At least maybe toward the end of the year, but we settled on six because that is what we're investing in now.
Mark McAndrew: Its not so much that we're targeting 6%, Randy, it's just that we've used in our projection. We hope to beat the 6%.
Randy Binner  FBR: And what's the mix of assets that's generating that kind of yield on a current basis?
Gary Coleman: When you say mix of assets, you mean as far as 
Randy Binner  FBR: You know, as far as credit, investment grade corporate, high-yield corporate. Are you doing any other structured stuff?
Gary Coleman: No, no structured stuff. It is going to be in corporates. Investment grade corporates and we'll confine it to that. What may change is that, Randy there are fall to liabilities that are very long-term. We like to invest long because to match those [ph] liabilities. What we've seen though is, right now there is limited supply of bonds available. For some reason we're  we're not seeing long bonds at the yields we would like. So, for  right now we're investing a little bit shorter, and if we don't get the 6.5% of the long-term basis that we're looking for then we'll probably should shorten up a little bit, but we expect that it will get back to, again, the investment grade, corporates and generally 20 year maturities. Right now its a little bit less than that, thus we expect to get back to that at some point.
Randy Binner  FBR: Great. And just one more if I could. As far as thinking about how the model the overall investment yields for the company, as there's a newer piece coming in, what would you expect that to kind of have downward progression into second or third quarter of 2010, or would it be flatter? Or it just kind of some timing of when you think that the overall yield might trough would be helpful for getting to the guidance number on 2010?
Gary Coleman: Well, we're at  I think we'll end the year; our portfolio yield will be around 685. If we invest at six next year, we have quite a bit of money to invest, that could get down to around 670 by the end of the year. So the average would be there to beginning and the ending. The difference is, though, if we invest at 6.5 to 50 basis points more, you don't see that much of a decline in the yield. So it's going to  again, at 6% we would go from around 685 to 670, invest at 6.5% and then maybe 685 to 680 or a little above.
Randy Binner  FBR: Okay. And so one more 
Gary Coleman: Those last numbers I gave you, 670, thats what the portfolio yield would be at the end of the year, so for the year it would be the average of 685 and the 670.
Randy Binner  FBR: Right. Got it. Just one more question. So there is a range obviously on 2010, and earlier, Mark, you said there is combination of underwriting and investment yield conservatism. But wouldn't it be mostly be investment yield conservatism between the 6 and 6.5 or better?
Mark McAndrew: Thats a big part of it, yes.
Randy Binner  FBR: All right. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Berg with Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. Good morning to everybody in Texas. So you announced to the world that essentially nobody is going to get paid any longer until the check clears and that's very clear and it makes complete sense to me, but is it possible that, that alone is leading to this very significant drop in first year agents at Liberty? And then I have a follow-up? Or other factors that we need to be sensitive to?
Mark McAndrew: No, thats basically the change is in the compensation that we made really because of the current decline there. But, again, we expect that to be basically a run out here in the fourth quarter and turn around in the first quarter.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Question, agent count, it looks like there has been a big drop as well in the agent count at the UA Branch really continuing. Can you remind us why that is happening and whats being done to address that, if you want to  is in fact that is a problem. I shouldn't presuppose it is a problem. But whats behind that one and whats being done to correct it if in fact that's your goal?
Mark McAndrew: Well, the cause of it is still  it's very difficult to move agents who have traditionally written health insurance into writing life insurance. And as we continue to convert more of those offices, we've continued to see a decline. Now, that, for example, I'll just say at the end of the second quarter, we had converted 44 of 78 UA offices to the Liberty National products and basically transitioned them to write more life and supplemental health. During the quarter we moved to 11 more offices over, and as we continue, we're now down to  there's only 18 UA offices that have not been converted. So we'll continue to see some drop-off there as those offices are converted to Liberty National. Its difficult to teach agents a new market play. So, the trick is, we've got to hire more new agents and train them how to write life insurance in the supplemental work side products. And we're continuing to push that and try to incentivize the recruitment of new agents. So that should be completed here in the next couple of quarters.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: Last question, Mark, is purposely meant to be broad and I'll preface by saying that I understand that your answer to my question is going to be necessarily  will have to be heavily caveated, but realizing that there is so many changes taking place in healthcare, I would like to know, what do you think two to three years from now, whatever, look into the distance and make your best guess, whats the complexion of your health business is going to be. Is it going to be Medicare supplement business, is it going to be limited benefit business? Where is this business from the 30,000-foot level, where is this business headed? Where will it settle down three years from now in terms of its complexion?
Mark McAndrew: Okay. My feelings about where health insurance is headed is you're going to see a few large players basically take over the individual health insurance marketplace. I think as far as agents are concerned, I think you're going to see standardized plans with minimum benefits with significantly higher minimum loss ratios than what we see today. Those higher minimum loss ratios are going to make it very difficult for an agent to make a living selling individual health insurance, at least the broad benefit major medical type products. I think you are going to see it become more of a commodity. But on the bright note, I think a lot of those agents that are in that marketplace are going to be looking for a different marketplace to get into. I think right now, I think you will see a significant number of those agents move back into a Medicare supplement marketplace, with  because I think the Medicare Advantage plans, I think the 600,000 disenrollees this year is just the first of several years worth of disenrollees and with the new supplement Medicare plans coming out mid part of next year, I think there will be renewed interest in the Medicare supplement world. But as far as agents are concern, I don't see a long-term future in the major medical business. And I think a number of agencies who have been in that marketplace are seeing the same thing.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: I guess just one clarification and then I'd like to do requeue if necessary, so that others can ask a question. Why was the high loss ratio, or higher loss ratios that you would see mandated loss ratios, can you clarify why would not make for an agent to make money, his commissions is a function of selling the policy, not how profitable it is at the company level?
Mark McAndrew:
 : Well, and it may not go to 90 but I would be surprised if it doesn't go to at least 80. You take that from 60 to 80, that basically squeezes out any compensation that's available, because the company still needs to make a profit and pay for their administrative costs.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital: I got it now. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Grondahl with Northland Securities.
Mike Grondahl  Northland Securities: Yes, Mark, can you talk little bit about your sales outlook for American Income in Direct Response as you're kind of looking at '10 and kind of the strategies you're going to employ there?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, at American Income, we feel like we've made the changes over the last two or three years necessary to really put us in a position for growth, and we have seen double-digit growth now for at least six quarters in a row. I feel very good about the track it's on. I don't see any major changes necessary there to continue the type of growth that we've been seeing. One, we're starting to look at trying to move  continue to move beyond just the labor union marketplace, and still writing middle income working class Americans, and we've got some people in our Direct Response operation trying to assist there to try to continue to grow that company even outside the union marketplace. But its on a very good track right now, and I expect to continue to see strong double-digit growth for the foreseeable feature at American Income. The Direct Response, I am pleased with where we are at and we've had a number of tests that we have done this year on product pricing and packaging that have been very successful. Going into next year, we already feel pretty good about at least high single-digit if not low double-digit growth, and thats assuming that none of the additional test we do during the course of the year really come through and deliver better results. So we are ending the year, feeling pretty good about where it's that. But its still a constant challenge in Direct Response. We have to constantly find better ways to do things to continue that growth. But I feel very good where we are going into the year.
Mike Grondahl  Northland Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Well go next to John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. So, just a couple of quick questions to go through risk based capital just a little bit more, and the free cash flow commentary just to make sure I have got this straight. So, year-end 08 the 329 RBC was roughly $1.3 billion of total adjusted capital and about $390 million of required capital. Gary, I think you mentioned a fall into around 245% or 250%, as of June, can you give us the comparable what the numerator and denominator sort of in a range was, with the vast majority of that drop driven by the denominator rising?
Gary Coleman: While we were at 12/31/08, it was a $1.281 billion of capital and $1.389 [ph] of required capital, and where we were at June, we saw a decline in capital due to impairments and we also believed the biggest impact was the increase in the RBC, and it was up about a little over $50 million.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. So the denominator was up about $50 million, the numerator would make up about the rest?
Gary Coleman: Right.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And then Joe, as you sit here and look forward under your scenario on the December year-end 09, getting back to that sort of  I think you mentioned 313% was your internal estimate based on some of these movements and expectations, whats the composition then, like if we level  if we take that forward from June to December, I guess, I would have to imagine that the vast majority of the improvement there is actually coming from the increase in the numerator with the injections down?
Gary Coleman: Well, thats the greater part, but we have also reduced the denominator, as I mentioned with the sales  and of course  we are going to have investments in the fourth quarter, we factored that in. But, we are reducing the required capital  or the risk based capital, but the bigger impact is $175 million of cash that we put in.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: That's going in on the numerator. Okay. Okay. And then how about retention of earnings, is that playing a major role here, are you still dividending under your normal scheme up to the holding company?
Gary Coleman: Yes, its a normal  we havent changed anything there.
Mark McAndrew: Although, next year, Gary, as we talked about, as you mentioned, we will probably spread the dividends out more evenly during the year, just to maintain that RBC during the course of the year.
Gary Coleman: Thats for next year. I thought you were talking about what we had done this year.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes. I know. I appreciate the commentary about next year. Yes, its helpful. Okay. And then I want to do come back to, Ed, I think, was pushing back on you a little bit on the $210 million to $230 million free cash flow to the parent in 2010. Yes, I mean, thats definitely below your normal historical level. I understand earnings, maybe a little bit more conservative, maybe they are pressured a bit by net investment income, but I mean, is that  is that 210 to 230, is that purely driven by the level of statutory earnings in calendar year 2010 or is some of that carryover from 2009?
Gary Coleman: No, actually the dividends that well take from the insurance companies in 2010 will be based on 2009 earnings.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes.
Gary Coleman: Okay. So thats  we are also going to see a little bit of increase in our interest expense because we issued a $300 million debt in June.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Got it.
Gary Coleman: But, really I cautioned you on the free cash number. Again, I don't have our third quarter statutory, and its really
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Its just been early estimate.
Gary Coleman: An early estimate. I think it will be at least that much. And really my point in giving that number is that we feel like well have $150 million of cash at year-end, and then year-end 09, and then we think call it 230  free cash next year or that will give us another $380 million of cash.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary Coleman: In addition to that, John, within the companies, assuming no impairments we are going to generate about an extra $100 million of earnings over what we take out in dividends.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: That is down in the new life companies, is that right?
Gary Coleman: It has been in the life companies. And so
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: To get what the
Gary Coleman: There is an extra 100 million  thats going to be generated within the company that, you know, goes to capital, and if there are impairments, it can come out of that first before we ever even have to take any of the $380 million.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Got it. Back down. Okay.
Gary Coleman: So I think we are  I think we are in a very good position, and I think weve got a lot of good things going for us here.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And the other question is more on the business. Looking at the life insurance results, they are just watching a trend of commissions and acquisition expenses, you know, obviously realizing a couple of cases sales have been doing pretty well, but are commission levels in sort of absolute terms or maybe as a percentage of premium, percentage of new sales, are commission levels higher than they were maybe a year or two ago to the agent?
Gary Coleman: Well, at American income theyre the same basically as they have been for 10 years.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary Coleman: In the direct response side, we are not commissions  acquisitions and expenses, as I mentioned, in 2009 will be significantly less than what they ran last year. Liberty National, they are up, but they are up because the persistency of the business deteriorated. So we are deferring that over a shorter period of time over less premiums.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary Coleman: It's not that we have raised commissions; it is because the persistency of the business deteriorated. We have to amortize quicker.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on that on the issue with respect to the  I appreciated your openness and your commentary about your controls over that  the  over those sales. Have you been able to recapture any of those commissions?
Gary Coleman: I don't have a number of some. But that 's  the agents who are writing the poor-quality business are really the agents that weve seen turn over.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes. Okay. And so just get rid of them, and, you know, its a cost, but it is a cost and we are done.
Gary Coleman: Yes.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Understood.
Operator: Well go next to Colin Devine with Citi.
Colin Devine  Citi: Hopefully, two final ones for you. First, you have talked a lot about book keeping more cash in the insurance operations, a little more cash liquidity at the holding company. What does that mean for your long-term ROE expectations? Are those going to be a little lower in the future than perhaps we have seen in the past? And then the second question, when do you think we are going to start to see the, sales growth you've had in the last, six or seven quarters, and life starts to flow through to moving the a lot of the (inaudible) little faster?
Mark McAndrew: You want to address the ROE, Gary?
Gary Coleman: Yes, Colin, first of all, we've already seen a little bit of decline in ROE this year from holding cash. Again, the great bulk of that cash is down at the insurance companies and we are  we are now going to get that invested. Remember, I said, we were holding cash to the end of June and we got that invested in third quarter and also we did portfolio repositioning and we ended up with $700 million extra cash. But we are going to get that invested, and so we still have the cash as a holding company, and, you know, if we hold that, that will  that will have an impact on the ROE, but, you know, one thing to remember out of that 14.6 ROE that we were reporting, almost nine points of that come from insurance and operations. So we are going to have that, and I think that the ROE will stabilize, and I dont think you are going to see much of a climb from where we are now.
Colin Devine  Citi: Sort of stabilizing more in a 14, 15 range, and stay there at 15 to 16, you enjoyed in the past?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think it can be between where we are now and 15. But, again, it has dropped down to 14.6 because we havent got that money invested. We will get that invested and we will see the impact of that. On the life premiums, weve been running roughly 2% growth in life (inaudible) with the sales projections we made for last year, for next year, we expect the life premiums to grow somewhere around 4% to 5% next year, so well start to see improvement in our life premiums next year with a continued growth of sales.
Colin Devine  Citi: What does that mean, then, for your thoughts about just sort of long-term nominal (inaudible) growth rate for Deutsche Mark?
Gary Coleman: Well, thats where  we got to continue to obviously grow sales. If we are continuing to grow sales double-digit, the growth on life premiums will continue to accelerate. Now, it would take us to get it to say 10% growth  that would take us a couple of more years, obviously, to accelerate it from 4 to 5 up into that kind of range. But, as long as we can continue to grow sales double-digits, each year, that percentage grows in premiums should improve by a couple of percentage points.
Colin Devine  Citi: Okay. So we should expect perhaps a little lower ROE, which reflects reality today, but perhaps somewhat faster or stronger organic growth? Is that a fair take-away for the outlook?
Gary Coleman: Yes. That's our hope.
Colin Devine  Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Ed Spehar with Banc of America.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Thanks, just one quick follow-up to Johns question. Gary, when you said that these numbers, assuming you are going to keep  I think you said $110 million of statutory earnings down at the life company. Does that mean that when we are talking about this free cash flow number that its  that its not just, the  its not the full dividend you would historically take up. Its, not 100% of prior years earnings, its two-thirds or something?
Gary Coleman: No, Ed, what I meant by that is our earnings next year, within the insurance companies, will be greater than what we are dividending out. Remember, what we are dividending out is coming from 2009 earnings. The earnings will be
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Right, I got it. Okay, I got it.
Gary Coleman: And that in itself will be greater, we think around a $100 million. So therefore, capital will go up just for that reason alone.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Right. And then  in terms of operating earnings, are statutory operating earnings, dont they sort of run about 100 million a quarter?
Gary Coleman: Yes, thats  we are projecting it will be in or around $360 million for next year.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Just on an operating basis.
Gary Coleman: Right, on operating basis.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional closing remarks.
Mark McAndrew: I would just like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we hope to be with you again next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary Coleman  Chief Financial Officer Larry Hutchison  General Counsel Rosemary Montgomery  Chief Actuary Mike Majors  Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar  JPMorgan Ed Spehar  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Mike Randall - Northland Securities Eric Berg  Barclays Capital John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton Colin Devine  Citigroup  Randy Binner  FBR Capital Market Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Welcome to the Torchmark Corporation second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I'll turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. 
Mark McAndrew:  Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchison our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery our Chief Actuary, and Mike Majors Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of my comments or answers to your questions this morning may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2008 10-K, which is on file with the SEC.  Net operating income for the second quarter was $126 million or a $1.53 per share a per share increase of 6% from a year ago. Net income was $114 million or $1.38 per share. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 14.9% for the quarter and our book value per share was $41.74. On a GAPP reported basis with six maturity investments carried at market value, our book value was $31.70 per share.  In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 2% to $415 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $111 million, life insurance net sales were $85.5 million up 12% from a year ago. At American Income, life premiums grew 5% to $125 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $41 million. Net life sales increased 19% to $33 million.  Our producing agents at American Income grew to 3,822 up 36% from a year ago and up 24% since the first of the year. I would also point out that without the impact of the currency conversion our sales at American Income would have been up 23% for the quarter and premiums would have grown by 8% for the quarter.  But for the quarter American Income contributed 30% of our total underwriting income and as our most profitable distribution system. I'm pleased with the progress of American Income and I believe it is on track to see continued double-digit growth in new sales for the foreseeable future.  In our direct response operation, life premiums were up 5% to a $135 million and life underwriting margin grew 13% to $34 million. Net life sales increased 9% to $34 million. Sales results in direct response were in line with our expectations and we continue to expect to see mid single-digit growth for the balance of this year with a $15 million to $20 million reduction in our acquisition expenses.  Life premiums at Liberty National declined 2% to $75 million and life underwriting margin was down $13% to $15 million. Net life sales for the Liberty National traditional offices grew 4% to $13 million for the quarter and the producing agent count was 3,259 up 5% from a year ago but down 8.5% for the quarter.  Net life sales for the UA branch offices, which are selling Liberty National products, were up 53% to $2.5 million. Life underwriting margin at Liberty National continues to be impacted by a deterioration in our first year persistency on our non-payroll deduction business. We have taken steps to reverse this trend, but it will take several quarters before we start to see improvement in the Liberty National underwriting margins.  We've also been experiencing negative trend in our first year agent retention at Liberty National. We have spent considerable time and effort analyzing this trend and believe that we have identified the causes and we will implement solutions during the third quarter to reverse that trend.  On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 13% to $212 million and health underwriting margin was down 12% to $38 million. Health net sales declined 48% to $20 million. With healthcare reform legislation being a priority for the Obama administration, we are more convinced than ever that the market for individual primary health coverage is a dying market. We continue to believe our decision to de-emphasize this market was the correct one.  On a brighter note, our supplemental health sales at Liberty National and American Income, which have much higher margins, each grew 15% for the quarter. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $45 million and underwriting margin was $5 million for the quarter both in change from a year ago. Underwriting margin from our annuity business was $5 million for the quarter versus $1 million a year ago.  If our account values on our annuity business remain at second quarter levels with anticipated lapses, we expect an underwriting loss of $1.2 million for the second half of 2009. If account values increase 10%, I'm sorry if account values decline 10% that estimated loss would be $6.6 million.  If those account values increase 6%, which would be equivalent to a 980 S&P index, we would expect a gain of $1.1 million for the balance of the year. Administrative expenses were $39.8 million for the quarter up 4% from a year ago. For the full year, we continue to expect administrative expenses to be flat with 2008.  I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman our Chief Financial Officer for his comments. 
Gary Coleman:  I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio and liquidity and capital, first, the investment portfolio. On our website are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as a June 30, 2009. They are included under supplemental financial information in the financial reports and other financial information section of the investment relations page.  As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $10.5 billion including $9.4 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Combined equities, mortgage loans, and real estate are $36 million less than 1% of invested assets. We have no counterparty risk because we hold no credit default swabs or other derivatives. In addition, we do not operate a securities lending program.  Of the $9.4 billion of fixed maturities, $8 billion are investment grade with an average rating of BBB+. Below investment grade bonds are $1.4 billion with an average rating of B+ and a 14.8% of fixed maturities compared to 13.2% at March 31, 2009.  This percentage is high relative to our peers but to due to our lower double leverage ratio, the ratio of below investment grade assets to equity, excluding FAS 115, is 40% which is in line with our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB compared to A- a year ago.  During the quarter, we charged realized capital losses for other than temporary impairments on four bounds. The total charge was $38 million pre-tax or $17 million after-tax. Year-to-date impairment charge of realized capital losses are $85 million pre-tax or $58 million after-tax. For further information regarding impairments, see the schedule on our website entitled summary of net realized investment losses.  Net unrealized losses in the fixed maturing portfolio where $1.4 billion down $870 million from the $2.2 billion at March 31, 2009, and also down from the $1.8 billion at the end of 2008. By sector, the largest losses are in the financials, which comprise 41% of the portfolio on amortized cost, but 73% of the total net and unrealized losses. However, of the $870 million decrease in unrealized losses during the quarter, $442 million or 1/2 of the decrease occurred in the bank and insurance sectors.  Although valuations have improved, they're still less than our expected realizable values. Torchmark prefers to hold bonds to maturity and due to the strong and stable positive cash flow generated by our insurance products we have the ability to do so.  Below investment made bonds have grown due to rating agency downgrades of formerly investment grade securities. At $1.4 billion they are $682 million higher than at the end of 2008. Of this year-to-date increase, $554 million occurred in the first quarter and the remaining $128 million in the second quarter. The smaller second quarter increase is primarily due to downgrades being much lower than they were in the first quarter.  Now, I would like to discuss the asset types and sectors within our fixed maturity portfolio. As an asset type 79% of the portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 15% is in redeemable preferred stocks. All of the $1.5 billion of redeemable preferreds are considered hybrid securities because they contain characteristics of both debt and equity securities. However, all of our hybrids have the stated maturity date and other characteristics that make them more like debt securities. None of them are perpetual prefers.  The remaining 6% of the portfolio consists primarily of municipals and government related securities. Our CDO exposure is $89 million in five securities where the underlying collateral is primarily bank and insurance company trust preferred securities. We have only $26 million in RMBS and CMB Securities all rated AAA. Now to conclude the discussion with investments, I will cover the investment yield. In the second quarter we invested $246 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the utility and industrial sectors. We invested an average annual effective yield of 7% an average rating of A-, and an average life of 17 years. This compares to the 7% yield, A+ rating, and 22 to 33-year average life of bonds acquired in the second quarter of 2008. We held extra cash during the second quarter due to the uncertainty regarding commercial paper and long-term debt market. At June 30, we had $968 million in cash in short0term investments, $343 million in the parent company, and the remainder in the insurance companies. With the successful issuance of commercial paper outside the federal program and the $300 million debt issuance in late June, we no longer see the need to hold so much excess cash. We are currently in the process of investing the extra cash but the supply of bonds is more limited than in the past. As a result, we have temporarily relaxed our objectives regarding tenure in order to have a larger supply of bonds to invest in. Since June 30, we invested $213 million at an average yield of 6.7% and an average life of 13 to 17 years and an average rating of A. Next, I would like to discuss the August debt maturity, commercial paper, and capital and liquidity. In August, we have a $99 million senior debt issue that matures. Our preference all along has been to refinance and in late June we issued $300 million of senior notes. From the $298 million in net proceeds, $99 million will be used to fund the August maturity, while the remaining $199 million will be available for other needs. On our last analyst call we announced that we are negotiating a new two-year term loan credit facility as an alternative source of funding the August maturity. We were able to reach an agreement with our banks for $145 million facility that was slated to close in the last week of June. However, with the improvement in the public debt market we chose to issue the senior notes instead. Commercial paper outstanding was $238 million at June 30 compared to $273 million at March 31 and $305 million at year-end 2008. On June 5 Fitch lowered its rating of Torchmark's commercial paper from F1 to F2. Due to the downgrade, the company is no longer eligible to issue in the federal CPFF Program. Since then, we have successfully issued all the CP that we need in the public market and have done so at a lower cost. In April to May the average yield was 139 basis points but in the six weeks since the Fitch downgrade we have issued $313 million at an average yield of 109 basis points, and on the most recent issues the yield has been around 90 basis points. In addition, investor demand continues to be more than adequate to meet our commercial paper needs. Regarding RBC, as previously indicated, we intend to maintain our RBC ratio at around 300%. In the first quarter we announced that we were suspending our share repurchase program. The program will remain suspended in the near future due to the continued uncertainty in the general economy and the likelihood of additional realized losses in rating agency downgrades of our fixed maturities. Now regarding RBC sensitivity, if we have no more net realized losses or downgrades for the rest of the year, we would need to put $175 million back into the insurance companies to maintain the 300% ratio. We have performed stress tests under several different scenarios regarding impairments and downgrades for the remainder of the year. In one scenario we assumed that impairments in the last half of the year are 1.5 times the first half's impairments and that downgrades for the last half of the year at the same level as they were in the first half. Under this severe scenario, we would need to put approximately $350 million into the insurance companies to maintain the 300% RBC ratio. We don't expect to have this level of realized losses and downgrades in the second half of the year, but if we did, we have the liquidity at the parent company to maintain the 300% ratio. Between cash on hand and pre-cash flow in the last half of the year, the parent company has $325 million of available cash. In addition, we have additional commercial paper and/or bank line capacity of $160 million. These two sources give us a total of $485 million of readily available funds well in excess of the amount that we believe will be necessary to maintain the 300% RBC ratio. In addition, other sources of liquidity such as increased credit facilities, debt issuance and inter-company financing could provide another $1.2 billion of cash.  Based on the results of our stress testing, the available liquidity and the temporary suspension of share repurchases we believe that the parent company has more than sufficient liquidity to offset the impact of further realized losses and downgrades on the statutory capital of our insurance companies. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: As a result of higher debt costs and lower margins at Liberty National, we are lowering our operating earnings per share guidance for 2009 to arrange a $5.93 to $6.08 per share, which assumes no share repurchase for the balance of the year.  Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan 
Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan: Mark, you spoke briefly about Liberty National. The agent count there had been growing at a steady pace that declined sequentially. If you can talk about what you think is causing that, what your outlook is for the rest of the year. And then secondly, Gary, if you could talk about just your free cash flow outlook for the rest of the year. And just on buybacks, it doesn't seem like buybacks are likely this year, but what would you need to see next year to resume buybacks, whether it's a decline in investment losses or stability in the environment overall, if you could just discuss that.
Mark McAndrew:  Well, first off at Liberty National, Jimmy one, we made some changes back in May to improve the quality of the business we were writing and that did have some impact on the agent turnover. But, as I mentioned in my comments and looking back at the agents we've hired in the last year, our first year turnover of new agents is at an unacceptable level.  In fact, comparing it to American Income we retained more than twice as many agents for a full year than what we have been seeing at Liberty National. We've done a lot of work to analyze that and we believe we have solutions for that, and those will be implemented in the very near future. So I expect to see a turnaround third quarter we may see some continued decline in the agent count. I'm not really sure with the short-term impact, but I do believe that going forward we will see renewed growth there. And I believe strongly that our retention of those agents will be better and also that the quality of business we're writing will be better. But it may well be the fourth quarter before we see those numbers increase significantly. Gary, do you want to take the second piece?
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, from our free cash flow for the year, we have $45 million in house right now and there will be another around approximately $80 million coming in the rest of the year. As far as what it will take to resume share repurchases, I think we do want to see, I think you mentioned it we want to see some stability in terms of the investment portfolio and also, not only impairments, but downgrades. We have seen improvement in the second quarter in the downgrades to the effect on our RBC for downgrades in the second quarter is about half of what it was in the first quarter so we hope to continue to see improvement there. I think once we're comfortable with where we stand in terms of impairments downgrades then I think we would be open to start share repurchase program again. 
Mark McAndrew: I would emphasize that to you, Jimmy. What happens in the next couple of quarters will have a big impact on that. As Gary mentioned in his comments, we're looking at $325 million of free cash at the parent right now. It's something we'll take a look at between now and the end of the year but, obviously, downgrades and impairments are going to have an impact on that because it will impact the free cash that we have for next year.  So as we get closer to the end of the year and we see how much available cash we have for this year as well as what our expected free cash flow is for next year, we'll have a better idea. But we definitely won't be buying back any in the third quarter. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan: Then finally on the health business, like the sales have, obviously, been pretty weak, is there a chance that they improve? And there had also been talk about maybe Med Advantage reimbursement rates being cut, given the Democrat control of Congress, does it seem like there's any move in that direction. Just would be interested in your views on that. 
Mark McAndrew:  Well, I think as far as the Medicare Advantage rates being cut, I think that's a very high probability because even without the Medicare or the Healthcare Reform Legislation that's in Congress now, they've already earmarked some cuts to just pay for the changes in the physician reimbursement in the Medicare program.  But they fully intend to, everything I've seen, they intend to cut those reimbursement rates back to be at least equal to traditional Medicare over the next three or four years. I haven't seen any numbers on dis-enrollments for 2010. I've heard at least rumor that there's going to be a significant number, but I don't think any of those numbers have been made public at this point.  So I don't know when but I think the Medicare supplement market will come back over the next year to two years. I don't know that it will be what it was at our peak, but I don't intend to get back into emphasizing the under age 65 primary coverage individual health insurance marketplace. I just don't think there's a future in that it's also very regulated, very volatile and as we're seeing right now, it can be regulated away by an act of Congress and it's just not a market that we really want to be in.  And in fact if we were still writing the level of business we were writing a year or two ago, I would be very concerned about our [DAC]. So we're comfortable that the products we're marketing today, the worksite, the truly supplemental products that we're marketing at Liberty National and American Income are not going to be effected by the Federal Legislation. But we will continue to de-emphasize that under age 65 primary coverage market place. 
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I'd like to add one thing back on the cash mentioned $125 million from free cash flow we also have the $200 million excess debt proceeds over what's going to be required for that August maturity. So the total of the $125 million free cash flow plus that $200 million is the $325 million of available cash that I referred to earlier.
Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan: And the most you expect to have to put down under a stress scenario, I think, is $350, right? 
Gary Coleman: Right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Devine - Citigroup.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: A couple questions, first markets seems, at least to me I'm hearing a bit of a different tone with respect to the commitment to maintaining the RBC ratio at 300. And I certainly had the impression, and perhaps I'm mistaken, last quarter that if a downgrade happened you weren't really going to try to defend it by boosting up the RBC ratio. Has there been a change in your thinking on that, is question one. And then I guess I missed it but I didn't catch what you said was the problem with agent retention that you've identified and are now taking steps to correct. What was causing that high turnover? 
Mark McAndrew: First, on the 300% RBC we've always managed to a 300% RBC, not that there's any requirement to maintain that, we've tried to manage to that level of RBC strictly to maintain our ratings. But what we found is some of our rating agencies have changed their criteria. And in fact we saw that we were downgraded even though we felt comfortable that we could maintain a 300% RBC and we kept our debt-to-equity at an acceptable level.  So I don't know that there's any magic about the 300% RBC. But we have the ability to do it, that's something we're still going to evaluate through the balance of the year. And I can't really say at this point for certainty, whether we'll put the money back down into the insurance companies or buy bonds out of the insurance companies to maintain the 300% RBC or we may let it slip a little below that. But we do have the ability to maintain that RBC ratio if we choose to.  Colin, what was the second part of your question? Oh, on Liberty National? There's a number of changes that we're making but actually one of the changes for new agents that we've hired, for their first I believe eight months, we set a bonus threshold of $950 a sales week. And then at, I believe, beginning in month nine, we started raising that bonus threshold up to $1,450 a week, which is over a 50% increase. And in looking at the agent retention beginning in month eight, nine, ten, the turnover actually increased significantly when it should be improving.  What we see at American Income is actually each month that goes by our agent retention improves. And I think one of the big reasons is because we're raising that bonus threshold. And that's something that we've already changed, we just changed it here in the last couple of weeks. And I expect that is one of the changes we're making to improve that bonus threshold, but we're making some or to change the retention we are making some changes in our management compensation too, to better reward the retention of the agents, not just the recruiting and initial training. 
Colin Devine  Citigroup: Then one quick follow up, you have obviously chosen some very strong success in life sales, records for the first half again. How much longer can you keep this pace going? 
Mark McAndrew: I don't see that there's no reason why we can't maintain it indefinitely. Again, as I've mentioned on several calls, that we don't believe that the economy affects it, even at Liberty. I can't blame that quality of business or slowdown of the growth on the economy.  American Income, there growth is accelerating. I'm sure we'll have some bumps in the road in the future there, but there's no reason why we can't double those sales. In fact, that is our goal over the next few years to double those sales. Direct response, we've actually been conservative in our distribution this year in an effort to improve our margins there, but it's grown dramatically over the last 25 years.  I don't see any reason why it can't continue to grow and I think the prospects for Liberty are much better going forward than they have been. I don't see an end to it. I think we can continue it indefinitely. I still say that the middle class individual life insurance marketplace, the blue-collar marketplace is the most underserved marketplace out there.  There's very little competition in that marketplace and it's a huge market. And [inaudible] did a study a couple years ago that 74% of the people acknowledged that they didn't have enough life insurance in that marketplace. So I think it's something we can continue indefinitely. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Is the metric you want to be judged on your ability to grow the in force? 
Mark McAndrew : Ultimately, I'd really prefer to be judged on by growing the bottom line. 
Colin Devine - Citigroup: But in terms of what's going to lead to the bottom line growth, because that's the one that still seems to be struggling a little bit. The sales are there but the in force a little bit slower than it was a few years ago. 
Mark McAndrew: No doubt because we basically went through a period of declining life sales and we turned that around, and we still have some quality problems at Liberty we have to fix. Actually we're getting penalized by the Canadian dollar at American Income where we'd be seeing somewhat better growth. But no doubt, if we're going to continue to get bottom line growth we've got to get better top line growth. And if we continue the double-digit growth in sales, the premiums, we'll grow at a faster pace, but it will take time to get there, yes. 
Operator:  Your next question is from Ed Spehar  Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  Mark, I had a question about [inaudible] growth outlook in the earned premium growth over the next three to five years. Given the comments about life sales and you're view that the favorable trends continue. And then I guess on the health side the offset of de-emphasizing the under age 65 with it seems like more optimisms from you on a Med Sup rebound than what I've heard in a very long time.  If we think about just that the premium growth expectation longer term Torchmark, what do you think we should be looking at and then I have a follow up. It doesn't have to be anything specific it can be three to five, five to seven, three to seven whatever you want. 
Mark McAndrew :  Well, I don't think we'll see any significant change for the balance of this year, Ed. I mean I think on the life side still I think we're projecting 2% for the balance of the year. And a lot of it does have to do with how quickly we can get Liberty National back where it should be getting growth and improving the persistency of that business.  It's just impossible for me to say, Ed, going out three to five years what kind of premium growth we can expect to see there. I can work something up and have more detail on that next call, but I'm just not prepared to give a three to five year projection there. Sorry. 
Ed Spehar  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  But I mean it's fair to say that your assumption is that if the life sales trends continue it should be meaningfully better than 2% shouldn't it? 
Mark McAndrew:  Well, yes, it should accelerate but again I think I've given some numbers before but we're dealing with a large block of business we have to  it will still be slow growth. Well, you can take it, and I don't have the numbers right here in front of me, but you can take our total life in force.  And you can look at what we're selling today that's achieving 2% growth and it's not a difficult calculation to see in order to that to 5% how much in additional sales would we have to have, because we would basically take 3% times our in force and that's how much we would have to gross sale to get it to 5% growth. 
Ed Spehar  Banc of America Merrill Lynch:  The follow up question, about what about just generally on the health I mean how should we think about if you're looking at what your earned premium in force is today and conflicting trends, I mean how do we think about how earned premium in force might be if we look out? I mean I understand it's difficult but it's just something  
Mark McAndrew:  You have to look at it in segments. The underage 65 primary coverage product is falling off very rapidly, but that will taper off as more and more of that falls off. The Medicare supplement business even with very low level of sales is declining very slowly, and actually if you look at the other products the work site products at Liberty National and the products at American Income we're seeing growth there, and those are the high margin products.  Again, Ed, we haven't run projections out beyond this year and I'm just not prepared to give guidance beyond that on what we can expect, but we'll actually try next quarter to at least come up with some estimates for 2010. 
Rosemary Montgomery:  I agree with your comments, Mark, about not getting into the numbers right now on the three to five year projection, but I did want to add something about the Medicare supplement. And, as you say, that has been a really stable block over the years. The persistency on that product is really good, but you do have to look at it in segments. And the underage health product, particularly the one we sold in the last few years, really did fall off the books at a pretty good clip but the Medicare supplement is just a real stable block for us.  
Mark McAndrew:  Rosemary, Medicare supplement block is still in excess of $400 million in force? 
Rosemary Montgomery:  Mark, I don't have that number right in front of me. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Randall - Northland Securities. 
Mike Randall - Northland Securities:  Two things, one, can you give us an update on the investment portfolio what the trends you've seen and sort of the mark in the month of July. And secondly, could you talk a little bit about what you're doing in direct response in American Income? I mean the sales continue to be real strong there and what is leading to that success? 
Gary Coleman:  The first thing, the unrealized losses are just slightly up like $30 million from $1 billion $362 million to $1 billion $390 million. 
Mark McAndrew:  If I look on the marketing side, the direct response as I always said it is a constant challenge to find ways to do things better and we've been doing that since 1985 we have seen steady consistent growth in that market. We continue to find ways to do things better.  Again, I mentioned one segment of our market place we found that actually lowering the rates that we charge improved, not only response rates, but improved persistency resulting in lower acquisition cost, higher profit margins even though we lowered the premium. And that's contributing to the growth in net sales that we're seeing now and that will actually be reflected in improved growth in premiums going forward because of the improved persistency.  We test things every quarter and we're seeing packages that are performing significantly better in some of our segments. They're not all of the segments of our direct response or not growing at that pace, but we continue to test and we continue to find ways to do things better. We have a very talented group of people and we have a long track record of growth in that marketplace.  At American Income, there have been a number of changes we've made over the last few years that we're now seeing a positive benefit to. One of the changes we made was we've been taking responsibility for generating the local union endorsements and the sales leads at American Income, which we've seen significant increases in the number of leads we've been able to generate.  It's also allowed us to add what we call SGA's, which are the field management people out there as far as by adding those we've got more people out there building sales organizations for us. We've made some very positive changes in the management compensation and in the agent compensation. We have improved our agent retention at American Income, but also we've provided much more incentive at American Income, not only to recruit and train agents, but retain those agents.  So it's just all the pieces are finally falling into place there. It's taken us actually some time to get all those things put together, but it is on a very good track right now. And, again, if I look back at the last few quarter those sales just continue to accelerate. 
Mike Randall - Northland Securities:  Mark, would you expect to see the agent count continue to ramp at American Income? 
Mark McAndrew:  Well, again, we're up I think 24% in the first six months of this year. Can we maintain that type of growth indefinitely? It would be difficult, but I expect it to continue to increase at a very good double-digit clip going forward. It's impossible to predict exactly where we'll be a year from now, but there is no reason why we can't continue to grow the agents and grow the sales at this pace. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Berg - Barclays. 
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  With your sales as strong as they are up 12% year-to-date on the life side and with the in force growing much more modestly, as we've discussed earlier in the call, while we discuss that there has been an issue with lapsation, customer retention and agent retention at Liberty. What is your sense in general about customer retention across the Torchmark businesses? Is it about the same as it has been or has it been increasing? 
Mark McAndrew:  On the life side, Eric, at American Income or direct response we've seen no significant change in the lapsation rates on our business. Again, American Income, even though we were reporting 5% growth in premiums other than the currency conversion because we write a fair amount of Canada. It would've been 8%, which would've been more in line with what we would've expected and what we projected at the first of the year.  We expect that to have a negative impact for at least one more quarter before we start seeing that improve. But direct response actually, again, we're seeing positive trends in our persistency there. On the new business we're riding as a result of the rates we're charging. And we haven't seen any significant change in our renewal year lapse rates. So, again, we still don't see the economy impacting us in that regard. 
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Two more quick ones, I want to go back to Colin's question about the risk-based capital and the rating. I understood your answer that your response that you have historically kept your life company's at that certain risk-based capital ratios, but I wasn't clear on the issue of the rating. You suffered the short-term ratings downgrade, but you're still reasonably highly rated from S&P. Suppose you were downgraded? What is your latest thinking on your willingness to take that and whether it would matter?
Mark McAndrew:  Well that something that before we make that decision, we're going to be talking to all the rating agencies again, and getting feedback from them, because there have been some changes and they've gotten a bit more conservative as far as what we need to do maintain our ratings. It's just something that I can't answer today, whether we'll be at 305 or at 290.  Again, there's no requirement that we do that, but we have the ability to maintain the 300%. One of the things we're looking at is actually buying some of the below investment grade bonds out of the insurance companies to try to keep the RBC up without incurring the loss. And that may be something we do, but we just haven't decided at this point exactly where we'll be at year-end. We'll be able to get a better idea at the end of next quarter.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  If I could just interject, my question was more oriented marked towards the rating and less towards the RBC. It sounds like you want to defend the rating, irrespective of what that means from a RBC perspective. 
Mark McAndrew :  Well sure, we like to maintain our ratings, but it is something we got to weigh the costs of maintaining that rating versus the value of maintaining it. Again, we don't want to be downgraded we want to maintain our ratings or improve our ratings, but we still have to look at what it costs us to do that. And, again, our marketing is not real rating-sensitive and I think we've issued all the debt we're going to need to issue for quite some time. So the ratings are not critical to us. 
Gary Coleman:  Eric, I would add that from a [dead rating] standpoint, we'd rather keep the ratings where they are. For example, our RBC would have to, I think, go below 250, but if for some reason we got downgraded in commercial paper rating to below  we have a number 2 rating with Fitch and Moody's. If we got downgraded below that, that might drive up the cost and the ability to get as much commercial paper as we would need.  Now on the other hand, we could maintain a lower level of commercial paper than we do, but I think it's an extreme going down below say 250 we would want to avoid that. But, as Mark said, we've always maintained around 300. I don't think that if we were 290 that makes that much difference, but I guess our point was its our intend is to maintain the 300, and we really believe we will be able to do so. 
Mark McAndrew : Eric, there's a high probability we will be at 300 or above at year-end.
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital:  Last question, real quick one for Gary, I noticed that there was a reduction in the June quarter from the March quarter in your average diluted share count about a million shares. What's that all about, please? 
Gary Coleman:  That's really just the shares we repurchased in the first quarter, you're doing an average outstanding for the quarter. So we still receive some benefit in the second quarter for the shares we repurchased in the first. 
Eric Berg  Barclays Capital :  But none were repurchased in the June quarter?
Gary Coleman:  No. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Nadel - Stern, Agee. 
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach:  A couple quick just data points, I think you mentioned that there's $325 million of cash at the parent company. Was that at June 30th?
Gary Coleman:  Yes. 
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach:  And is that assuming that the August debt maturity is repaid or will that fall by the 99 million when you repay that debt?
Gary Coleman:  The 325 is after the payment of the August maturity. 
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach :  Does that 325 include the dividends up from the subsidiaries for the balance of the year?
Gary Coleman:  Yes, it does. It's on hand today, we've got $343 million, but we're going to have to use $100 million of that to pay that August maturity. So take 200 out of that leaves $143 million and we got another $81 million coming in free cash flow for the remainder of the year. And that gets to the $325 that we said we'd have available for the rest of the year.
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach:  Is the $80 million or the $81 million that you mentioned of free cash flow for the remainder of the year, that seems low relative to your typical target for free cash flow if I annualized it. Is that just because there's an assumption for investment losses in there or? 
Gary Coleman:  No, there's not. The cash flow is weighted toward the first part of the year. We said coming into the year
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach:  Okay, got it. So that's not necessarily earnings based, got it.
Gary Coleman:  No, it's 2008 statutory earnings. 
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach:  Then just to come back to risk-based capital for a moment. I understand your comments and the rating agency is moving seemingly unendingly the bar for everybody, including Torchmark. But just hoping we can maybe level set just a little bit, I guess you don't calculate it necessarily formally each quarter, but could you give us a sense where you were at June 30 understanding that there was still substantial cash sitting at the holding company that could be pushed down if you so desired.
Gary Coleman:  John, I really can't tell you where we'd be at June 30, we don't calculate it quarterly, but I will say this that, even though we haven't calculated quarterly, I expected going back in the past that June 30 has always been much lower or essentially mostly be a lower RBC than we end the year with. The reason being is that 75% of the dividends go out of the companies in the first six months of the year when less than half of the earnings have come in. So even forgetting about any kind of a loss
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach :  There's the mismatch on capital.
Gary Coleman:  Yes, there was a mismatch there and so it almost has to be under 300%.
John Nadel  Stern, Agee & Leach:  Then if I think about it just one last one is the impairments or OTTI that you've taken or OTTI and realized investment losses that you've taking year-to-date. Have the amounts been consistent on both a GAAP and [STAT] basis, or has one been treated differently than another?
Gary Coleman:  No, the same for GAAP and [STAT]. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Finkelstein - FPK.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton: I wanted to ask one further question on the health business. I think you delineated between worksite and individual in the underage market, if I caught that correctly. And I guess what I'm curious about is what are the relative premium levels between those because I think you said that the worksite should be more stable in the individual health or the individual site sounds like it's almost going to zero over time.
Mark McAndrew:  Mark, we've can get you details of that, but I just don't have an accurate breakdown by line of business in front of me this morning, but if you'll call Mike Majors after this call, we'll be happy to give you a breakdown on that.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton:  But I mean just to clarify, is it true to say that the worksite you're seeing stability in whereas the individual site is really what the major tail off is occurring.  
Mark McAndrew:  Well, the worksite has been very stable, yes. And now, if I go to Liberty National, their total sale is 45% is coming from worksite, so it's a significant block of sales at Liberty National. But I wouldn't lump all individual health sales into the same boat. It's the underage 65 primary coverage products, which has been the bulk of our sales for the last seven or eight years.  We've always had some truly supplemental products, cancer, some specified disease products, and some accident products and just some hospital indemnity type products that the persistency on and profitability on those products have always been good and we will continue to offer those products at American Income and Liberty National.  But the primary coverage where it is people's primary health insurance, that is being targeted by the Obama administration and both Democrats and Republicans are saying that is a bad marketplace. That you've got a guarantee issue can't exclude any preexisting conditions. I do believe that they will raise loss ratio requirements and it's a market that we do not intend to be in and I think its going to come down to eliminating the agent from any individ8ual health insurance sales, at least primary coverage.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Just a quick investment question, on the CDO portfolio it looks like you took $20 million of hit looking at the change in the insurance cost basis, are the remaining $89 million, are they all still fully cash flowing as of today?
Gary Coleman:  Yes, Mark, they are and of those, there's three left that we haven't impaired and two of the three look very solid, one of them we've still got a margin there and that's one there could be developments later on, but right now we've got an adequate margin there. The other two, we're in very good shape.
Mark Finkelstein  Fox-Pitt Kelton: What's the value of the one that you said could have some issues down the road?
Gary Coleman: Well, the value of it is $50 million, but when I say there could be an issue, I don't think there's an issue collecting principle, there could be an issue down the road as to whether we collect all the interest. If that happens, if the collateral is not sufficient to collect all the interest, we would have an impairment but it wouldn't be a sizeable impairment, as if we were not going to be able to get all the principle. But I want to emphasize where we stand today, the latest collateral information we have, we still have a margin there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Just a follow-up on Gary's stress scenario with the RBC, in the instance where there'd be one times the rating stress in the second half that we saw in the first half and then you had to put $350 million down, what would be the required capital level at year-end that would get you into that 300% RBC?
Gary Coleman: It'd be about $1.2 billion.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: What, $1.2 billion in the denominator?
Gary Coleman: No. Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were talking about what capital would we have to be.
Mark McAndrew: The required capital would be a third of that.
Gary Coleman: Yes, Mark's right.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: I got one other numbers, so I guess the enumerator at one point is that we'll go back on. Then, Gary, you also made some comments about commercial paper just kind of, maybe you could manage to a lower level. I guess my question would be what would that level be in the stress scenario? To put it another way, how much CP could you do without and still manage in the stress scenario to the 300%?
Gary Coleman:  Well, we're at $238 million right now. At the $350 million, we might have to move that up to $250 million in commercial paper, if we had to put $350 million down in the insurance companies, but again that's under, we don't expect that situation to happen. I'm not sure, does that answer your question or...
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Well, it does. I'm just trying to get an idea. I mean maybe the broader question is there any kind of near-term plan to reduce the amount of CP that's outstanding and that continues to get issued?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think you'll see us probably reduce the commercial paper somewhat. Now, we'll always maintain a commercial paper program and, in my mind, that means we've got have at least $75 million to $100 million out or you lose interest at the dealers. 
Mark McAndrew: And at least until we get our existing cash fully invested, it's kind of silly to continue to draw on commercial paper, but as Gary mentioned, right now commercial paper is only costing us 90 basis points. So once we feel like we're fully invested in the cash we have on hand, it's still a very low cost of financing day-to-day operations versus sitting on a bunch of cash.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: The $325 million of available cash, that is before the bank line and any other inter-company source is that correct?
Gary Coleman: That's correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:  I'm going to microscope the cash position just to make sure I got the numbers right. Cash in short-term, I think you said was $968 million at the end of the quarter?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: And you've moved $213 million down into bonds from that it in the third quarter?
Gary Coleman: Yes, that's correct.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: What's your target cash position at year-end where you'd like to be?
Gary Coleman: Bob, I think it'd be around $100 million and we don't, it's not that we're targeting $100 million, but there's always a little bit of a lag in terms of cash coming in and when we get it invested, so it would be somewhere in that neighborhood.
Mark McAndrew: Historically, Bob, our target has been basically to not hold cash and that's what we've used commercial paper for is to manage our short-term cash fluctuations.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So you got at least $600 million plus the generating free cash flow in the second half to get invested at 7% that's yielding less than 1% now? What are you yielding on the cash?
Gary Coleman: Well, right now we're getting about 6.5%.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: On cash?
Gary Coleman: No, not on our cash, on our investments and so we're...
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: No, I was asking about, I'm trying to get the leverage in investment income.
Gary Coleman: As far as on the cash, it's about 15 to 20 basis points.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So we've got a 650 basis points pick up on $700 million that you're sort of annualized that you're under-earning right now?
Gary Coleman: Right.
Mark McAndrew: Well, now remember $100 million will be going to pay off debt here in August.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: But you have free cash flow, too, so that should offset that. Just sort of how much are you under-earning currently trying to figure out investment income is clearly depressed, but having nearly $1 billion earning 15 basis points, and you can get a lot of that toward 7% yields before too long, you think, before the year-end?
Gary Coleman: Yes, again, as Mark mentioned, the $700 million but take of $100 million for that August maturity, that's $600 million and it's going to take us for sure through the third quarter and midway through October, probably, to get all that money invested. In addition, the insurance companies have cash flow coming in that will be invested, so we think in the last half of the year we're going to be investing about $1.3 billion. But of the $600 million, you're right, right now we're earning the 15 to 20 basis points. As we get that invested, we will pick up the additional that you were talking about but it will be spread over the next quarter and a half. 
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So it looks like $0.25 to $0.30 annualized sort of run rate compression from just excessive cash, just ballpark in the numbers. In American Income, I mean you're getting, if the sales double in the next two to three years, if you're achieving your optimistic outlook there, can we look for your overall underwriting margins in life to widen because you're growing in your highest margin business?
Mark McAndrew: Well, that would be a fair assumption that American Income having the highest margin, if it becomes a larger and larger piece of the total that it would bring the overall up. But Roger Smith, the CEO of American Income, will shoot me for if I let you get by with saying we'll double it two years.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: So, two or three years.
Mark McAndrew: I think his goal is to double it in five, which is I think is very doable and I think it might actually be a little before that, but his official goal is to double it in five years.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: But you've got 36% growth in the agents so this is your lag between new hires being productive and didn't you say you were sort of rolling out some new products, too, that...
Mark McAndrew: We will, although that's going to be over the next six to nine months. Again, yes, we are. Here in the third quarter we'll be introducing a new sales presentation that's on a laptop computer with some new term products, but we're going to be very careful about introducing that. Again, some of the quality problems at Liberty National coincided with that change because the agents stopped collecting initial premiums when we went to the electronic app. We're going to be very slow to put that out because we want to make sure that it adds to our marketing efforts and doesn't cause problems. So I guess I will be a little less optimistic there because we are going to take our time in introducing that, but that will start in the third quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Does a 33% sequential growth in book value have any impact on rating agencies discussions or is it just strictly RBC calculations and seeing the market sort of come back and flow have any impact on the world?
Mark McAndrew: I guess my answer to that, I'll let Gary answer too, but my answer, Bob, I think the rating agencies have become very quick to downgrade, but I think they'll be much slower to upgrade. One would think, if our book value gained that much in a quarter that you might start to see that, but I think it's going to take some time. Even when I look at some of our below investment grade bonds, we're seeing the market values of those bonds double and more, but yet the ratings are not being upgraded. I think the rating agencies are going to be slow to upgrade. They're going to have to see an extended period of time improvement before we start seeing any significant upgrades.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: It probably does impact your commercial paper costs and how the banks view you, I would think, on how they lend.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think we were issuing a lot of that paper before they saw the fact that their unrealized losses had improved so much, and probably everybody expected that. But, yes, I think it probably helps a little bit. With the rating agencies, it does help. That's one of the things that's on their radar. But also they're looking at possible future impairments. They should know better than anybody about the future downgrades. So I agree with Mark. They probably view this as positive development, but I don't see them making a change for a while.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Just wanted to come back to the comment on the health insurance side about the under age 65 primary coverage business. Mark, I think you had mentioned that's been the bulk of your health sales over the last six or seven years?
Mark McAndrew: At United American, that's true. Yes.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: If you can give me rough estimates that'd be great, but if I look at your total annualized in force health premium of $800 million plus, I think the comment earlier was $400 million or so was med supp. Should I assume most of the remaining $400 million plus would be this type of product?
Mark McAndrew: No, it's not that much because, again, you can take the business at Liberty National and at American Income. There's significant blocks of business there that are not that product. We can get a better breakdown. We can provide a better breakdown. Anyone who would like to see by product line what our in- force looks like, we'll be happy to put that together. I just don't have it here in front of me.  But now it would be, if you looked at what was the United American block of business, that's where all that business is. Most of the Liberty National is truly supplemental products, cancers, specific disease, hospital income type products that are sole payroll deduction.
Rosemary Montgomery: Yes. I would say that product was a significant part of the sales. But it also, particularly the one that we've sold since 2005, also had much higher lapse rate than what we anticipated. So that's the one that was really also falling off the books.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: So if I look at the, just looking at your supplement, United American total I believe this is health insurance premium collected year-to-date $185 million. It's going to be that large part of that number, but that's six months, obviously. So that would be the right number to look at for that product?
Mark McAndrew: It really will be. If you would like an accurate breakdown of the in force, rather than speculate on or approximate what those numbers are, we can provide as of June 30 a breakdown between the different product lines.
Rosemary Montgomery: Yes, because there's differences in how much med supp business is in either line, too. So I just want to make sure that I'm talking about the right
Mark McAndrew: Again, anyone who would like that information, by all means, call Mike Majors.
Gary Coleman: Mark, we can put it on the website.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: I think that would be very helpful just because if we're really looking at a runoff of that block, it would be good to know 
Mark McAndrew: We'll put that on our website and we'll get some historical numbers, too. So you can better estimate the trends.
Rosemary Montgomery: There will be difference in how it runs off depending on what's in there, yes, definitely.
Mark McAndrew: We'll try to do that here this week.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: That would be great. Is there a meaningful difference in margins of that business or is it roughly the same as the other health products?
Mark McAndrew: That health product has the lowest margin of any of our health products. It has much lower margins than Medicare supplement or any of the worksite products, or any of the cancer or specified disease products. You want to comment, Rosemary?
Rosemary Montgomery: Yes, I do. It has lower margins because of the persistency differences. So that's really the summary of that.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: So that would have been associated, I assume, with an acceleration of [DAC], but not so much on the loss ratio side just on the acquisition cost.
Rosemary Montgomery: Well, it'll impact both. If you have increased lapses on a health product, it will impact both the loss ratio and the amortization, but they don't offset. So all in all, you're still going to have a negative to your profit because it's going to impact [DAC] more than it's going to actually serve.
Mark McAndrew: Yes. So the higher the lapse rates the more selection you see, as far as on the claims side.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Mark, would you say beyond that specific product Obama healthcare reform isn't having a meaningful impact on the remaining health insurance?
Mark McAndrew: When I look at the legislation that's out there and just what they're defining as health insurance, it does not include our other products. It has no impact on Medicare supplement or the truly supplemental products that are being sold in the workplace. No, we don't believe that it will have any impact on those products.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Last question, the comment that I think Gary made about considering buying some of the high yield life sub, would you own that at the holding company or what exactly are you contemplating there?
Gary Coleman: What we would do, Tom, is buy the bonds out of the insurance company and we would buy them at amortized cost. There would be no gain or loss to the insurance company, and then we would hold that asset, those bonds, at the holding company.
Mark McAndrew: That will help our RBC, but it will also increase the statutory earnings that we would have available to dividend out next year.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: So it would be sort of swapping cash with high yield bonds. 
Gary Coleman: What we would do is we would put cash in and invest those in securities that are higher rated above the categories that where you have the high risk charges. Either that or we would invest that money at the holding company and then put those bonds down into the insurance companies. We could do it either way.
Mark McAndrew: Because it comes down to, we still believe that the vast majority of our below investment grade holdings are money good. In fact, we currently believe they're all money good. And I know we were asked last quarter should we not be selling some of those off to improve the portfolio, and that's interesting. That's something we looked at prior to the call was that the bonds that were below investment grade at the end of March, we've had gains of $150 million for the quarter.  But even within that group, the financials, our holdings there, it would have been a very bad decision to have sold off a significant number of those bonds. In fact, it's interesting, you can look at I use Bank of America as a classic example, at the end of March, we had a $39 million unrealized loss in Bank of America bonds. They were rated BB+.  At the end of June, they were rated BB, which they received another downgrade, but yet our unrealized loss went from $39 million down to $14 million in three months. So we still believe that the vast majority of these bonds will not default and we tend to hold them, but we think it would definitely help our RBC to hold them at the parent instead of at the insurance subs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I wanted to ask a couple of questions about how the economy might or might not be impacting your business and kind of how it might impact going forward. First of all on direct response, obviously advertising demand is way down very soft media market. Is that translating into any lower media costs for in the direct response business? And then my other question has to do with agents recruiting. You've had this tremendous momentum to go to American Income, but it has been in the context of a soft economy and rising unemployment. You seem pretty confident about maintaining recruiting momentum going forward. But I'm just wondering if we should maybe temper that confidence a little bit with the idea that as unemployment comes down at some point, that recruiting will be a little tougher. 
Mark McAndrew: Well first on direct response, again, if you look at what the markets were in and the direct mail side of our business, which is roughly 45% of our sales there, there's no change. In fact, other than postage increases, the costs can go up. But there's really no, the economy does not result in savings other than we might be able to buy paper at a little lower cost because we do everything in-house. We do all of our printing and manufacturing and envelopes.  But on the insert media side, which is the balance of that, and segments sure, we've seen some costs come down. We've been able to negotiate some better rates. When I look at the $15 million to $20 million of savings that we're going to see or the reduced acquisition cost, we're really not assuming anything as far as a lower cost per piece distributed. It's really just cutting back on some of the marginal volume that we've been doing. Now if I can recall, what was the second part of your question?
Jeff Schuman  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Whether the relationship between the soft economy, rising unemployment, and agent recruiting and how that dynamic might change going forward.
Mark McAndrew: Well, there's no doubt that there's more resumes out on these Internet sites, but we never had a shortage of people to recruit. If unemployment goes back down in the 5% to 6% range, which I don't think that's going to happen in the short-term, it could have some impact. But there's still no reason why we can't grow our agency force double digits indefinitely regardless of the unemployment rate.
Operator: Your final question will come from John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee & Leach: Mark, I don't think there was a comment about why the reduction in EPS guidance. I was just wondering if you could focus us on marginally what changed in your view from 1Q to 2Q, or was that more just a reflection of the high cost of the debt issued during the quarter.
Mark McAndrew: That's the single biggest thing, John, was three months ago we did not anticipate borrowing $300 million at 9.25%. We knew we had to cover $100 million, but if we had gone with a two-year credit line, the cost of that was only going to be I think it was less than 5%l, and we ended up borrowing $300 million at 9.25%. So we did not anticipate that three months ago, and that additional debt cost is really the biggest difference. You want to comment, Gary?
Gary Coleman: The only other thing, John, I would add is that the holding the extra cash we think that is about $4 million less investment income that we're going to have than we thought we would back at the end of March Those two are the biggest items. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Then the last one I wanted to follow-up on, Gary, in response I think it was to Randy's question earlier, about the stress case that you walked us through in your prepared remarks I think it was impairments at 1.5 times the level from the first half in the second half?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And then I don't recall the stress that you put on the below investment grade. Was it increase at the same pace that it did in the first half?
Gary Coleman: That the downgrades in terms of the effect on capital would be as great in the second half as it was in the first half, although, in the second quarter, the effect was about half of what it was in the first quarter, we went ahead and assumed the full six month downgrade in the second six months.
Mark McAndrew: Gary, is it safe to say that the downgrades have more of an impact on the RBC than the impairments at this point because most of the impairments are coming from the below investment grade.
Gary Coleman: Well, to a certain extent some of those impairments are coming from bonds that are already impaired, that are already not admitted for statutory purposes. So, yes, the downgrades would have a little more impact.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Bonds that are not admitted or just already have such a high risk charge?
Gary Coleman: Well, once they get through there's percentages of Class 6 assets, there's percentages of Class 5 and 6, there's a percentage of Class 4, 5 and 6. If you exceed those percentages, then you have to not admit the excess. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Have you crossed over that threshold yet or does the stress case?
Gary Coleman: Well, we have just slightly as of June, but my point is, is that once you go past that, then really the impairments are  now you could have impairments come from bonds that haven't been non-admitted, and that would have a direct impact. But if it comes from the lower classes, some portion of those may already be non-admitted.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: So then in sort of direct follow-up to your response to Randy, I think, Gary, you mentioned that the denominator under that scenario would be around $400 million.
Gary Coleman: John, it's $445 million.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: I was going to say that because your denominator was 370 or thereabouts at year-end '08 it didn't seem like that was enough of a move. 
Operator: There are no questions in the queue. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. 
Mark McAndrew: Well those are our comments for this morning. I want to thank everybody for joining us and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 16:45:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew - Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman - CFO Rosemary Montgomery - Chief Actuary 
Analysts:  Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Randy Binner - FBR Capital Market Colin Devine - Smith Barney Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Eric Berg - Barclays capital John Nadel - Sterne Agee Mark Finkelstein - FPK Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Jeff Schuman - KBW
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation First Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note that this call is being recorded and also being simultaneously webcast. At this time, I will turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchinson, our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relation.  Some of my comments or answers to your questions this morning may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2008 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was $125 million or $1.49 per share, a per share increase of 4% from a year ago. Net income was $77 million or 91 cents per share. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 15% for the quarter and our book value per share was $40.36. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturity investments, carried at market value, book value was $23.88 per share.  In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 2% to $413 million. And life underwriting margin increased 3% to $110.5 million. Life insurance net sales were $78.5 million for the quarter, up 11% from a year ago. Life insurance now contributes 73% of the company's total underwriting margin. At American Income, life premiums grew 7% to $123 million and life underwriting margin was up 8% to $41 million.  Net life sales increased 13% to $28 million. Producing agents at American Income grew to 3,506, up 34% from a year ago and up 14% during the first quarter. For the first quarter, American Income contributed over 31% of our total underwriting margin, and as Torchmark's most profitable distribution system.  The relative weakness of the Canadian dollar versus the American dollar continued to negatively impact the sales results at American Income. Assuming the same exchange rates as a year ago, our net sales at American Income would have grown 17% for the quarter. I'm excited about the progress we're making at American Income. Recruiting and agent growth are both accelerating.  In the third quarter of this year, we will introduce new laptop sales presentation and expanded product portfolio, which I believe will add additional momentum to our sales growth. In our direct response operations, life premiums were up 5% to $135 million, and life underwriting margin grew 8% to $33 million. Net life sales increased 12% to $34 million.  Sales results and direct response are being positively impacted by pricing change in our adult products sold through insert media. The rate reduction has significantly improved both our response rates and persistency. The result is a lower acquisition cost per policy, which more than offsets the increase in our claim costs. For the balance of 2009, the sales growth and direct response will be tempered somewhat due to planned cutbacks in some of our marginal distribution.  We currently expect sales growth for the balance of the year in the low to mid single digits. These planned cutbacks will result in reduced acquisition costs of $15 to $20 million, which will directly improve our 2009 statutory earnings. Beginning this quarter, we have combined the financial results for Liberty National and the United American Branch Office distribution systems to reflect their ongoing consolidation.  We will continue to report net sales and producing agents separately for the balance of 2009. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 2% to $75 million and life underwriting margin was down 8% to $17 million. Net life sales for the Liberty National offices grew 27% to $13 million and the producing agent count also increased 27% to $3,563.  The life underwriting results at Liberty National have been impacted by deterioration in our first year persistency occurring over the last nine months. The higher lapse rates coincided with our switch to an electronic application and corrective steps are being taken to reverse this trend. Towards the end of the first quarter and continuing into the second, we have seen a major increase in our payroll deduction business at Liberty National for both life and supplemental health.  We expect this will add to our sales growth for the balance of 2009. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 11% to $224 million. And health underwriting margin was down 10% to $41 million. Health net sales declined 51% from a year ago to $21 million.  The United American Branch Office experienced a 23% decline in health premiums to $73 million, while health underwriting margin decreased 36% to $8 million. The underwriting margin was less than anticipated due to higher than expected lapse rates beyond the first year on our under age 65 health insurance business.  We continue to believe that the transition of this distribution system to life and payroll deduction supplemental health products is in the best long-term interest for both the company and our agency force. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was down 2% to $46 million, while underwriting margin remained flat at $5 million.  Net Part D sales increased 10% for the quarter to $10 million. The underwriting loss for annuities in the first quarter was $4.1 million compared to $1.1 million gain for the year ago quarter. This loss is due primarily to the effect of declining equity markets on variable annuity account values. If our account values remain at first quarter levels, with anticipated lapses, we expect an additional underwriting loss of roughly $5 million for the balance of 2009.  If these account values decline 10%, the estimated loss would be $11 million. If the account values increase by 12%, there would be no additional losses expected for the balance of the year. Administrative expenses were $39 million for the quarter, down 1% from a year ago.  As a result of the ongoing transition of the United American captive agency the Liberty National, we conducted in the first quarter a company wide review of expense categorizations between administrative and acquisition expenses. This review revealed several inconsistencies between our subsidiary companies. The net result of the expense reclassifications was a $2.6 million reduction in our administrative expenses for the quarter with a corresponding increase in our deferred acquisition expense classification.  I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio and liquidity and capital. First, on investment portfolio. On our website, are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio, as of March 31, 2009 that are included under the supplemental information in the financial reports and other financial information section of the investor relations page.  As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $10.3 billion, including $9.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized costs, combined, equities, mortgage loans and real estate are $36 million, less than 1% of invested assets. We have no counterparty risk as we hold no credit default swaps for the derivatives.  In addition, we do not operate a securities lending program. Of the $9.6 billion of fixed maturities, $8.3 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Below investment grade bonds are $1.3 billion with an average rating of BB minus and are 13.2% of fixed maturities, compared to 7.4% at the end of 2008.  Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus, same as it was at the end of 2008, but lower than the A minus a year ago. During the quarter, we recorded other than temporary impairment charges on seven bonds. In determining the amount of the impairments, we elected to early adopt the guidance issued by the FASB earlier this month.  We recorded impairment losses of $52 million pretax or $45 million after tax. Of the $45 million of losses, $41 million were related to credit losses and were charged net income. The remaining $4 million of losses were charged to other comprehensive income. Had we not adopted a new guidance, the after tax charge to earnings would have been $5 million higher and the market value of the portfolio recorded on the balance sheet would have been lower by $27 million.  During the quarter, bonds totalling $2 billion of amortized costs or 24% of the fixed maturity portfolio were downgraded by the rating agencies. This compares to $2 billion of downgrades for the full year of 2008. As a result of downgrades of formerly investment grade securities, our below investment grade bonds are $1.3 billion, an increase of $553 million during the quarter. $400 million of this increase occurred in the financial sectors including $210 million in banks and $115 million in insurance companies.  The average rating of the below investment grade bonds is BB minus with 2/3 of these bonds rated above B plus. Net unrealized losses in the fixed maturity portfolio were $2.2 billion up from the $1.8 billion at the end of 2008.  By sector, the largest losses are from the financials which comprise 40% of the portfolio in advertised [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:34:00 2009  ]ammortized [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:34:00 2009 ]costs, plus 65% of total net unrealized losses. In addition, of the $430 million increase in unrealized losses during the quarter, almost $400 million occurred in the bank and insurance sectors.  As we've noted before, this is not a market for us to sell bonds. However, due to the strong and stable positive cash flow generated by insurance product, we not only had [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:45:00 2009  ]have [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:45:00 2009 ]the intent to hold the bonds to maturity, but more important, we have the ability to do so.  Now, I would like to discuss the asset types, and sectors within our fixed maturity portfolio. Asset type, 78% of the portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 15% is in redeemable preferred stock. All of the $1.5 billion of redeemable preferred are considered hybrid securities, because they contain characteristics of both debt and equity securities.  However, all of our hybrids have a stated maturity date and other characteristics that make them more like dead [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:46:00 2009  ]debt [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:46:00 2009 ]securities. None of them are perpetual preferreds. The remaining 7% of the portfolio consist primarily municipals and government-related securities.  Our CDO exposure is $109 million in six securities, where the underlying collateral is primarily bank and insurance company, trust preferred securities. There is no direct exposure to subprime or Alt-A and we only have $38 million in mortgage-backed securities, all rated AAA.  Regarding sectors, as I mentioned, the financial sector comprises $3.9 billion or 40% of the portfolio. Within the financials, the Life held property casualty sector is $1.8 billion and banks are $1.6 billion. Financial guarantors and mortgage insurers total $181 million, less than 2% of the portfolio.  The next largest sector is utilities, which account for $1.2 billion or 13% of the portfolio. The remaining $4.5 billion of fixed maturities is spread among 233 issuers in a broad range of sectors. Now, to conclude the discussion on investments, I'll cover the portfolio yield.  In the first quarter, we invested $230 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the utility and industrial sectors. We invested an average yield of 7.7%, an average rating of A minus and an average life of 25 years. This compares to the 7.2% yield, A minus rating, and 22 to 35 year average life of bonds acquired in the first quarter of last year.  This is the sixth consecutive quarter that the new money yield was 7% or higher. The average yield on the portfolio in the first quarter was 6.97%, the same as a year ago.  Next, I would like to discuss liquidity and capital. Our insurance companies primarily sell basic protection life and supplemental life insurance companies, which generate strong and stable cash flows. In the first quarter, only $2 million or 0.4% of premium revenue came from asset accumulation products, where revenue and underwriting margins are subject to changes in the equity markets.  At the holding company, free cash flow remains strong. For the full year, free cash flow will be around $320 million, the fifth consecutive year that has been $300 million or higher. In the first quarter, we used[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:48:00 2009 ] $47 million for share repurchases and $31 million to reduce commercial paper. This leaves $242 million of free cash flow available for the remainder of the year.  Due to the uncertainty in the general economy, and the likelihood of additional OTTI impairments and rating agency downgrades of our bonds, we have decided to suspend our share repurchase program. The remaining $242 million of free cash flow will be available to offset any asset impairments and downgrades and possibly to reduce the amount of outstanding commercial paper.  Regarding the commercial paper, we were currently issuing in both the federal program and the open market. We issued new paper to cover maturities, and as I mentioned, we reduced the amount of commercial paper by $31 million to a total of $273 million outstanding at March 31st.  If, due to our ratings downgrade or some other reason, we're unable to issue new paper, in either the federal or nonfederal markets, we have multiple sources of liquidity available to retire the entire $273 million. We could use the portion of our free cash flow along with borrowings from our subsidiaries. We have the capacity to borrow up to $390 million from our companies without having to obtain regulatory approval.  At March 31, our insurance companies had $261 million of cash on hand to provide such financing if needed. We have multiple other sources of liquidity, including our bank lines that don't expect and need them to retire debt. In August, we have a $99 million debt issue that matures.  Our preference all along has been to refinance, providing that we can do so under favorable terms. We have explored issuing debt in the public market, but are advised that executing a debt offering at a reasonable interest rate would be difficult at this time. However, we have an alternative. We have negotiated a commitment letter with two of the banks in our credit line to syndicate a new term loan credit facility for $100 to $150 million. This proposed facility gives us the right to draw down a two-year term loan at a variable interest rate based on LIBOR, and these are proceeds for general corporate purposes.  The two lead banks have committed $60 million in aggregate to the facility and we expect to have the facility fully committed by the end of May. If the public debt market does not improve by August, we will draw down this term loan and use the proceeds to retire the August maturity. This financing gives us a lower cost means of refinancing to August maturity and provides time for the market to improve before we issue a long-term debt in a public offering.  Those are my comments. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. We are lowering our operating earnings per share guidance to a range of $6 to $6.15 per share. This guidance assumes no share repurchase for the balance of 2009, as a result of the suspension of our share repurchase program. Those are my comments for this morning. I'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you Mr. McAndrew. (Operator instructions). We'll take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: The first one is on your RBC. I think you ended the year at 329%. Could you comment on where you expect to be either at the end of this quarter, but the realized losses also with ratings migration with the below investment rate bonds increasing, and where you believe you have to be to maintain your ratings?  Then, the second question that I have is just your view on your sales. Your life sales obviously have been pretty strong. Do you expect an impact if the economy remains weak in terms of either lower response rates in the direct response channel or just higher cancellations, doesnt seem like you've seen a material deterioration in the life business by the weak economy. What your view is on that?
Mark McAndrew: Gary, I'll let you take the first part.
Gary Coleman: As far as our RBC, you're right Jimmy, we were at 329% at the year end. With the impairments and the downgrades, we were still over 300%, probably in the 305% area. And as far as what we need to maintain to retain our current ratings, we need to be at or around the 300%.
Mark McAndrew: As far as the life sale Jimmy, you're right, the economy, we've seen no negative impact on our life sales. Actually, in the direct response, we had 12% growth in sales this quarter with improving persistency and improving response rates as a result of some of the rate testing that we did.  American Income, if we take away the exchange rate, actually had 17% growth in life sales this quarter. The agent recruiting and the agent growth is strong both there and at Liberty National. I actually expect Liberty National sales growth to pick up, as well as American Income.  We are cutting back a little bit in the direct response, strictly we're cutting out some of our marginal distribution and it's just not a time to be overly aggressive. And any money that we don't spend there goes straight to statutory earnings. So, we're cutting back a little bit in the direct response, but we still expect growth in sales there going forward.  So, we haven't seen any impact from the economy and really don't expect to. Actually, the pool of available recruits in our agency distribution is better because of the economy.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And just to follow up for Gary on the ratings, I'm assuming that you've already shared your results with the rating agencies. So, and a couple of them have negative outlooks on you. I haven't seen anything from anybody this morning. But, the 300% or remaining around 300%, is that the level that the rating agencies feel comfortable with also or is that just an internal guidance that you're giving?
Gary Coleman: Well recently, Moody's put out their report when they informed the ratings, they put us on negative outlook. And the factors that they listed that could cause downgrade would be RBC ratio below 300% and also included impairment losses in [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:53:00 2009  ]of [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:53:00 2009 ]greater than $200 million.  We've done some stress testing and we had a record level of downgrades in the first quarter. If we assume the downgrades and [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:53:00 2009  ]go back to the levels that we're in the last year, which were really high last year, but they go back to that level. We estimate that we could withstand $225 million of impairment losses this year and that would require us putting our free cash flow back into the companies to shore up the capital.  As far as Moody's is concerned, we've exceed the $200 million of impairment losses, but we'd have the RBC ratio back at 300%. So, I don't know whether that would cause further downgrade. Now, I might add, in addition to the liquidity we have is not just the $242 million of free cash available for the year. We have multiple sources of liquidity.  As I mentioned, we can borrow $390 million from our subsidiaries without regulatory approval. We can issue preferred stock of over $335 million down into the companies without regulatory approval. In addition to that the new bank, the loan facility I mentioned, there is probably an extra $50 million there that we can tap. That's $775 million before we even tap our bank loan.  So, if the losses are higher than the $225, we've got other sources of liquidity that we can draw on to put down the companies if need be, to keep that capital at around 300%. Now, that was Moody's, Standard & Poors and Fitch and we continue to talk to them but we don't have a definitive list of factors that could cause a downgrade that we got from Moody's.
Mark McAndrew: Jimmy, I'd also point out, we certainly don't want to downgrade or we don't expect to downgrade. But should a downgrade occur, one, it would not have any impact on our distribution, and on our sales. And two, we have ample cash, if we needed to pay off that commercial paper as well as to pay off the debt coming due in August. So, it's not something we expect or definitely would not want, but we are prepared in case that should happen.
Operator: We will take our next question from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Market. 
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Market: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to maybe explore this a little bit more, on the potential RBC scenario. So, if that stress test that Gary outlined came through those $225 million of impairments and that was largely offset by available cash flow.  I guess the first question is one, it seems like the first option would be to borrow debt from the subs, and on[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:56:00 2009  ] the second option would be to do a preferred down to the subs. But, in either of scenario one or two, what would the net RBC effect be of that scenario going through?
Gary Coleman: Well first of all, as I mentioned, the $225, we could suffer that using our free cash flow, so it would be losses above $225.
Mark McAndrew: That's also assuming another $1.7 billion of downgrade in our portfolio.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Market: Understood. That's what I meant to try and explore. I guess, I'm curious more directly what the RBC impact of the borrowing piece is, as it standalone.
Gary Coleman: Randy, on the inter-company borrowings, there is no charge. And when you get to the preferred, and obviously that would be what we'd do first. That's the easiest to do. The preferred is about a 30% charge, but then you got to run it through the whole formula. It may not end up being a full 30% charge. But I think the fact is, we can borrow where there's no charge up to $390 million. That's where we would go first.
Mark McAndrew: There's two different things there Randy. What we're talking about is if we had $1.7 billion of downgrades in the bond portfolio in the subsidiaries and we had impairment losses of I think Gary said 225, we would have to put the free cash we've already got at the parent, back down in the subsidiaries.  What we're talking about as far as borrowing the 390, is if we needed additional cash at the parent to pay off the commercial paper, we would use that. But, borrowing [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:57:00 2009  ]barring [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 20:57:00 2009 ]a downgrade we could cover that level of downgrades and impairments and still maintain the 300% RBC without doing any inter-company borrowings.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Market: Understood. But, I guess the worst-case scenario would be a bigger stress test and paying back to CP. I mean, obviously that would be it, and it still sounds like there is kind of RBC charge free capacity to deal with all those potential contingencies.
Mark McAndrew: Right.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Randy, as I mentioned, CP is 273. You could borrow 273 to pay that off and then we could have another $117 million of impairments on top of the 225 and borrow to cover those. The sum of those two loans would be the $390 million.
Mark McAndrew: Also, Randy, we would only need to pay off the commercial paper, if we were downgraded. If we were downgraded, the need to maintain the 300% RBC would go away. So, we wouldn't be as concerned about maintaining the 300% RBC, if we did indeed have a downgrade.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Market: If the CP needed to be paid back, what would be the timing of that be? As I understands it's about 90 day rolling paper. So, do you have a sense of how that would phase out?
Gary Coleman: In late April, there are several days that sum of that would be about $200 million and then the other $73 million is in the first part of May and then there's $34 million at the end of June. So, the bulk of it'll be towards the end of April.
Mark McAndrew: That's why we're making sure that we're holding adequate cash at the insurance company level, should we need to pay that back.
Operator: We will take our next question from Colin Devine with Smith Barney. 
Colin Devine - Smith Barney: Good morning. Just to make sure I'm clear on the capital, the RBC now is about 305. You're not anticipating a downgrade, but clearly you're planning for it, by building the capital and the expectation these leads to CP access. And with respect to the investment portfolio, clearly, a very disappointing performance.  Looking at the junk bond holding, did I hear that you're seriously prepared to continue to run with 13% of the portfolio on high yield? Aren't you going to have to start trimming that back? You're not going to get both, the ratings or that kind of junk bond holding.
Gary Coleman: Well, as far as trimming the holdings back, I don't think we have a plan to do that. As I mentioned, $400 million of the $550 million increases were companies like AIG, Harford, Phoenix, Band of America, Citi. We still think some of those are good credits, but I guess the feeling is we'll sell them and immediately realize the loss. If we hold them, we may not. The ones we do take losses on will be less than that.  But also, we're the first to report. I'm wondering what the below investment grade portfolios are doing with the other companies, and I think we do have an advantage in it. Our bond leverage is lower, although it worked out 20% of the invested assets. I'm not so sure, as we compare it to equity, will be that much difference than any other companies.  Of course, it may face downgrades, too. But, as Mark mentioned, if we do face a downgrade, it doesn't hurt us in marketing our products, and we've got the cash to cover the CP in case we don't qualify for the Federal program anymore. So, I think that's the way we'll continue. We'll just see how these bonds work out.
Colin Devine - Smith Barney: Just to clarify a minor point for me. In running your RBC calculation, were the downgrades from the rating agencies, have they fully flown through to what you're using from the SVO?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Colin Devine - Smith Barney: Okay. So that's all and there is no delay here.
Gary Coleman: No. We've got their numbers and thats what we use.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Good morning, everybody. Just to quickly follow up on Colin's last point before I get into my own. Split rated bonds, and holdings, where do you have those vis-a-vis you're using SVO ratings, which may or may not have taken that yet into account. Is that not true?
Gary Coleman: We're using the NAIC ratings which assume the SVO, and I'm not sure whether they have the split ratings taken care of or not.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: And then, if I can here, on the CP, how much of that is in the Federal program? Is that up to $200 million?
Gary Coleman: As Mark stated first, I believe all of those still in the Federal program. Since that time, some of that has matured. We moved into the open market and it's not a sizable number at this point but it's still the bulk of it's in the Federal program. So, I will add this. Steven, in the open market, we've been issuing shorter maturities, because the Federal market is not likely 90 days. So, we've issued several times in the open market and again the shorter maturities, but we havent had any trouble doing that.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, and presumably a downgrade that might kick you out of the CPP may not affect what you can do in the open market.
Gary Coleman: Well, that remains to be seen. A lot of people say we wouldn't be able to tap the open market. We've had some banks say that they think we could. But, to be careful as Mark indicated, we've gone ahead and accumulated cash with the insurance companies, if we need to take that CP out, we'll be able to do it.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: And then, just a couple more stat numbers if you happen to have it. Would you happen to know for the quarter your statutory operating income and statutory net income?
Gary Coleman: No. We haven't run our statutory numbers yet.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne Agee. Mr. Nadel, your line is open, if you could please check your mute button or pick up your handset. Mr. Nadel, are you there?  Hearing no response, we'll move to the next question in the queue. And we'll go to Eric Berg with Barclays capital. 
Eric Berg - Barclays capital: Thanks very much. And good morning to everyone at Torchmark. Gary, can you remind us why the company has the size of the exposure that it has to financials in general and to banks and insurers in particular? It's a little counterintuitive in the sense that just as people working in the banking business wouldn't want to own a lot of banking stock, so as to not double up their positions, you know, have their livelihood tied up with the bank and banking stocks and so forth.  It's just a little curious that so many insurers including Torchmark have the exposure that they do to financial bonds. What's going on here broadly speaking? 
Gary Coleman: Well, Eric, as you know, these bonds weren't acquired yesterday. They've been acquired over a period of time. The reason we concentrated on banks and insurance companies and also utilities which, as I mentioned earlier I think is 13% of our portfolio.  First of all, theyre[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:14:00 2009 ] regulated industries, and it's difficult for cash to be taken out of those companies and also being regulated, not as subject to LBO risk, which seems kind of funny now, but two or three that was a real risk to people holding bonds.  Also, banks, insurance companies and utilities have financial statements that you know are pretty easy to evaluate, pretty easy to determine the tangible equity, the cash flows. Things we look for in looking at our credit.  We didn't foresee the current economy although I don't maybe I[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:15:00 2009  ]many who[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:15:00 2009 ] did. The banks like Bank of America, Citigroup and insurance companies like AIG wouldn't have the problems they have today and we felt very strong about those credits when we bought them and we still feel that overall the financial sectors will be okay.
Eric Berg - Barclays capital: That's helpful. My second and final question relates back to the conversation that we were having about future impairments and downgrades, and I think that you said that you could handle in terms of your staying within your minimum risk base capital, $1.7 billion of further downgrades and $225 million of impairments.  If I have that right, my question is this. Your BBB and A portfolio is [homing] it [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:16:00 2009  ]on[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:16:00 2009  ]holding on at[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:16:00 2009 ] $7.5 billion. So, $1.5 billion divided by $7.5 billion is roughly 20%. What would happen if they were more broadly based?  I know one can imagine anything and my question is not meant to sort of get at extraordinary circumstances, but say 25% or 30% of your A and BBB bonds were downgraded from here, because of the rating agency's broad-based concern about the U.S. economy and perspective defaults. If you had more than the $1.7 billion, what happens then to Torchmark?
Gary Coleman: If we've more than $1.7 billion in downgrades or?
Eric Berg - Barclays capital: Yes, thats right of downgrades.
Mark McAndrew: Eric, that was in order to maintain the 300% RBC ratio at year end with our current cash flow available at the parent. What happens if had more impairments or more downgrades than that number, we would have a more difficult time maintaining the 300% which means what would happen is there is a better likelihood, we would see a downgrade, which possibly would mean we would have to pay back commercial paper.  I don't think it would have any impact on our sales. It would add some cost to our credit, but we don't think it would be a material cost. Gary?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Eric I was just going to add, I'll have to go back to [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:17:00 2009  ]and do the calculation for your scenario, I'm not sure how much impact that would have. But again, I go back to the fact that was assuming it would be okay with impairments at $1.7 billion and the $225 million of impairments. But, it'd be okay by putting the reserve free cash flow,[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:18:00 2009 ] the $243 million back in.  I also outlined the other source of liquidity and when you throw our bank line in there, which Mark mentioned, when you throw that in, we've got $1.4 billion of liquidity available that we could tap and we could put into the company.  So, I think the question would be as Mark said we get to that point. First, how much the liquidity we have to tap and then whether we think it'd be necessary to take the cash and maintain the ratings or go down a notch in ratings. So, I think we just have to look at that but we do have liquidity available, if we wanted to shore the companies up. At some point though, I guess where [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:19:00 2009  ]it may not be worth to maintain the rating.
Eric Berg - Barclays capital: Actually, Gary, one last quick one if I could just fit one in here, and that is I just wanted to check my definition of free cash flow available to the parent as you defined it is the dividending capability of this year from the insurance companies to the parent minus the common stock dividend, minus the corporate expenses, such as interest expense?
Gary Coleman: Yes. That's after paying all obligations to Torchmark. That's the money that's left over.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: So, a couple of quick ones for you guys. First, I mean with all of this coming up here in the near term, potentially, especially in light of the extreme downgrade activity during the first quarter, what was the thought process behind another $47 million of buybacks? I mean wouldn't that $47 million of capital be nice to have right now? 
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, the vast majority of those downgrades came toward the end of the quarter. And you know, hindsight is 20/20, but considering the average price we paid was $22 a share, and we felt very strongly and we still do feel very strongly that we have more than ample liquidity and capital to get through this.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. All right. I realize hindsight is easier than during the quarter. A quick question then to on risk-based capital, I understand from Gary's comment that there's really no impact one way or another with respect to borrowings from the subs through the holding company. So that said, formulaically in the RBC ratio, it doesn't have an impact. As I understand from most of the rating agencies, they tend to look directly through that. And so, I guess my question is this, while it might not have an impact on the reported RBC ratio, wouldn't you expect it to have a negative impact on the way the rating agencies view your risk-based capital? 
Gary Coleman: John, we've had discussions with rating agencies going regarding that. And lot of it depends on how long you leave it out there. If it is very short-term, I don't think it has near the impact. And thats what we'll be looking at this as short-term. But, there is a possibility though that that could be a factor.
Mark McAndrew: The other thing is we really have no intent to do that or to utilize that unless we do get a downgrade and we have to repay the commercial paper. So, if we should make those loans up from the insurance companies, it will probably be as a result that we've already had to downgrade.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And then, the last one for you is how to think about impairments from here forward. I guess, have you seen the late March sort of heavy downgrade activity in financials? I guess, I just haven't been paying attention enough, but has that sort of continued into April? That would be one. And then two, as you look at the remaining CDO exposure and the preferreds that you own, is there any increased probability that we're going to see impairments come out of those two asset classes?
Gary Coleman: Well, I think that there is a possibility of both, but I think we're look closely at the CDOs and we had six of those and one of them is one we wrote down. We determined there that the collateral is not sufficient so we would not get all of the cash flows.  Working with the collateral manager and looking at the information they have and the possibility, and various stressing of potential defaults, it still looks like the collateral is more than sufficient, on the others so that we get all of our cash. In other words, no impairment, but as time goes by and if things worsen, there could be a potential therefore to write-offs.
Mark McAndrew: But also on the downgrades, particularly in the financials, we don't expect the level of March to continue. In fact, basically what we've heard is there was a big rush to reevaluate the ratings for most of the financials and that has pretty well happened. So, we don't expect the downgrades particularly in the financial sector to continue at the March level 
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Finkelstein with FPK.
Mark Finkelstein - FPK: I have got a few quick ones and I guess a longer one. I guess, I can't recall if you mentioned what were stat impairments in the quarter?
Gary Coleman: Well the stat impairments will be the same as GAAP.
Mark Finkelstein - FPK: Okay. So, those are the same.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK: And then secondly, just to make sure we're right on this. You had 47 or so million of repurchases in the quarter. Was there anything in early April?
Gary Coleman: No. As we mentioned, we have stopped our share repurchase program at this point.
Mark McAndrew: And we actually discontinued it early in March.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK: Okay, perfect. And then, I'm just thinking about the effective tax rate on the write-offs. I think your policy is to only offset taxes against where you have kind of realized gains or unrealized gains. Maybe if you could just review for us that policy? And then I guess secondly, how should we think about that on impairments going forward and are there any strategies that you can adopt in terms of maybe trying to shift earnings around or what have you to kind of create offsets?
Mark McAndrew: Well, our policy is in the past has been, for tax purposes, [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:24:00 2009 ] to [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:24:00 2009  ]for [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:24:00 2009  ]transfers [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:24:00 2009  ]is to match our gains and losses. That's in effect in a way that's going to hurt us here. We don't have any gains to carry back impairment losses, current impairment losses against. As far as shifting income, it's difficult for insurance companies, because we can't offset gains and losses against operating income. We can only offset against cap lines and so it's the major source or major assets, major source of capital gains or losses is in our bond portfolio.  So, we're limited to certain extent as to what we can do. I think this is an issue, that's going to come to the forefront, not only because it's access [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:26:00 2009  ]effects us but it effects[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:26:00 2009 ]protects [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:26:00 2009  ] [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:26:00 2009 ]other companies, is if you don't have gains to carry back the offset, you can still carry losses forward for five years. In addition, that five years doesn't run until the loss is taken for tax purposes. And I'll give you an example, we wrote down Lehman in the third quarter of last year.  That's like a $75 million write-down. The bankruptcy there though may not be finalized until early next year, and thats when we'll take the tax loss. And we'll have five years from then to offset those losses. And if the economy improves, which we think it will, we think during that five-year time period, we will be able to generate gains to offset those losses.  Right now, the carrying literature doesnt allow you to anticipate any gains of future. It has to be based on what you have in the balance sheet at the moment. So, thats why you don't see a full 35% tax benefit of our impairments. We probably won't allow the other companies.
Mark Finkelstein  FPK: I guess just moving on, the UA branch agent count discontinues to I guess go down. It's about half of what it was a year ago. I understand the strategy of shifting there, and I understand that there's kind of a combination with LNL. But, I guess I'm just thinking when would you expect to see some stabilization in that agent count, and how should we think about that business going forward?
Mark McAndrew: Well, we are moving along with transition of the 85 branch offices that were United American Branch offices. We've converted I think 33 of those to date. And we'll convert the rest of them during the course of the year. I think we are starting to see a leveling off of the agent count there.  But, it's going to be new hires and recruiting there is starting to pick up. That sales force is starting to stabilize, and the people we still have left as far as management are starting to really buy into the Liberty National products and marketing and I feel good during the course of the year that we're not going to see a whole lot of additional deterioration there.  But I also would like to point out, if you look at the branch office, we had eight in the health side. We had $8 million of underwriting margin. That's before administrative expenses. Less than $3 million of that came from the under age 65 health insurance, which is the business that is rapidly running off and also that's where the sales have declined.  Medicare Supplement business is still staying on books very well and we expect that may even come back somewhat next year. In fact, I think in the first quarter, the United American office generated roughly $3 million of sales of the Liberty National products and that is growing significantly quarter-by-quarter. So, we may not replace the premium, but we'll definitely more than replace the profitability of that business that's running off.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi. First question I have is just a follow-up on something Colin had asked earlier. I understand the view that your liabilities are sticky, so you'll never become a forced[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:29:00 2009 ] seller of these bonds and recognize the realized losses. I definitely get that. The question I have though is just from a high level risk management standpoint, do you have any limits on what percent you'd be hesitant to see the portfolio get above?  We're at 13 today. Is it 20 or do you look at it more as a percent of statutory capital? As of right now, the junk bonds are greater than stat capital, just in aggregate terms. So, just curious if you're thinking about risk parameters broadly speaking as it relates to below investment grade?
Gary Coleman: No. I don't think we do look at it as a certain percentage that we don't want to exceed. I think what we're looking at is, we're constantly looking at not only the below investment grade bonds, but any other bonds where we have concerns about is, what is the likelihood that we're going to collect our money that there going to be money good. We get to the point okay, we may not get that cash, how much will we get if we sell it versus how much we get it if we hold it because in the bankruptcy, we get some kind of return on it.  It's more constantly looking at what is going to provide us the best, the best answer in terms of cash is just because $400 million of these bonds, financial bonds moved down into below investment grade bonds, doesn't mean we ought to go ahead and sell those in a moment. We need to continue to watch.  If we feel like, if we're only going to get a certain percentage on the dollar, but that's better than if we hold it and [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:31:00 2009 ]will possibly going [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:31:00 2009  ]go in[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:31:00 2009 ]to bankruptcies [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:31:00 2009  ]bankruptcy [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:31:00 2009 ]then yes, we'll go ahead and sell it. I think we're looking more individually, as opposed to setting an arbitrary percentage is [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:32:00 2009  ]that we're not going to go above. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: I guess, Gary, one of the reasons I ask is I think the rating agencies for sure will have tolerances. Just thinking back historically when companies exceeded very large percent of their portfolio and [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:32:00 2009  ]in [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:32:00 2009 ]junk bonds, I think that's typically been a big sticking point with them. And so, that was the main reason for asking. 
Gary Coleman: Well, I guess, Tom, I haven't had those conversations with the rating agencies, but would they want us to go ahead and sell things at $0.10, $0.20 on the dollar just to get down to a lower ratio, I mean, thats obviously it's a capital, whereas in the long run, you may not have any hit at all.  But, I understand your point, and I know that's right. I don't know what those parameters states or I guess we may have that discussion with them. We're just reluctant just to sell to get below a certain percentage, because of where the values are today.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: The other question I had was just on the DAC and the goodwill. Can you comment at all about what percent of your DAC, even in broad terms, and the good will would be related to the health business? And the reason I ask is you know, as that business declines, at least from a premium revenue standpoint, I wonder, you know, is there risk of any acceleration of either DAC or good will related to that? 
Mark McAndrew : Well, as far as the DAC, we're seeing again, on the under age 65 health business, we have seen a higher amortization of the DAC because of those higher than anticipated lapse rates. We don't expect to see any DAC write-off, but we are seeing lower margins on that business than what we had originally anticipated. But, Rosemary, you want to comment on that?
Rosemary Montgomery: Yeah, I do. We did really a complete review of not only our policy obligations ratio but also the DAC amortization, and I don't have right in front of me what that percentage is, but we did make some adjustments to the DAC or [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:34:00 2009  ]and [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:34:00 2009 ]the amortization that were based on bringing 2008 experience into play. And the higher than expected lapse that we had on some of our underage business did impact that but we've made that adjustment.  And so, what we anticipate going forward on really all of the health lines, that would be the independent health, the direct response health, and then also the Liberty National exclusive agencies that the DAC percentage as the amortization percentage is that we have in there, we do anticipate that those will continue forward and we do not anticipate any additional write-offs or any write-offs.
Gary Coleman: And Tom, as far as the good will goes, we've got $423 million of good will. Almost all of that is American Income, which is not related to the health side. So, we don't anticipate a goodwill charge.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Johnson with Citadel Investment Group. 
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Most of those questions have been answered. There was some questions before about split rating and the SVO. I felt like I understood your answer to Colin's question and got confused afterwards. So, help me with how you use ratings, whether the rating agency ratings or the SVO ratings in determining your OTTI process and then I have one follow-up, please.
Mark McAndrew : Well, as far as where the ratings come in, and looking at risk-based capital charges, we were using the NAIC ratings which were based on the SVO. I think they handle split rating on I guess maybe the trust preferred or whatever, I'm not sure how they [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:36:00 2009  ]to [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:36:00 2009 ]handle that. We recognize that what the rating agencies, their ratings dont [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:37:00 2009 ]own [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:36:00 2009  ]have an impact on the RBC. I[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:37:00 2009  ], its[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:37:00 2009 ]t is[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:37:00 2009  ] the NAIC ratings, and so thats what we use. Now how they handle split ratings, I'm not sure.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: And then, I guess the other part of that was how quickly do the SVO ratings reflect the changes done at the rating agencies? Did I understand you correctly to say that you were comfortable that all of your bonds that had been downgraded from the rating agencies had fairly quickly been picked up by the SVO and you were reflecting that?
Mark McAndrew : Yes. I feel very comfortable with that because what we saw in the NAIC, the change in the NAIC ratings was very close to what we saw just any change in there are the rating agency ratings.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: And then, just a real quick follow-up was on the tax front. What sort of rate to follow up on Mark Finkelstein's question, what sort of rate should we be thinking about on realized losses, or OTTI going forward?
Mark McAndrew : If we continue to have impairments, it will [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:38:00 2009 ]eventually get to whether there is no tax offset. Because, you've always had to demonstrate that you've got unrealized gains in your portfolio to offset, that theoretically you could sell those bonds, net gains to offset the losses.  If impairments continue to increase and our unrealized gains don't increase, then we'll get to the point where we wouldn't be able to justify taking a tax reduction.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ed Spehar with Banc of America. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. A couple of follow-ups on the scenario Gary that you're laying out. When you talked about $1.7 billion of downgrades, are you talking about from BBB to BB? 
Gary Coleman: Yeah. That's what we were assuming. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And then the other part of that was I think are you saying if you had $225 million of after tax impairments and you turned around and put the $242 million of free capital at the holding company back at the sub-level. Is that what you're suggesting? 
Gary Coleman: Yes. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: So, if we're thinking about this and assuming that rating agencies take a view of more than just today and look at the statutory earnings power of the company, are we still talking about approximately a $400 million stat earnings run rate or is it changed?
Gary Coleman: Well, it would change, because $225 million in impairments would go into 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: No. I'm saying operating. I'm talking about pre any capital losses.
Gary Coleman: We're still up in the $450 million level or above as far as statutory operating earnings. Is that what you're asking? 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Statutory operating earnings after tax.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: I mean I think your holding company requirements, dividends and every interest corporates, or so everything else is less than $100 million, isn't it?
Gary Coleman: It is right at 100.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, doesn't that suggest that you know, the necessity of actually putting anything back in the subsidiary, if we're talking about the sort of elevated impairment scenario, I mean we're already in April, towards the end of April. Don't we have $450 million of earnings that's coming through this year that's going to help us offset any pretty significant level of impairments?
Gary Coleman: Well, as I was thinking that in consideration when I calculated the numbers, the $225 million.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: So, you're talking about this analysis, are you talking about a point in time as of today, are you talking about as of year end that you would take into count the stat earnings you're generating to come up with this 300?
Gary Coleman: Ed, we were talking about year end '09. The next time we really calculate RBC for regulatory purposes. So, this assumption was that through the remainder of the year, or say at the end of the year, that we could have had a total of $2.2 billion of downgrades for the first quarter and another $1.7 for the next three quarters, plus we could have $225 million of impairments, taking that into consideration and our statutory earnings, we still had to put $243 million into the company.
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. So thats taking into account for $2.2 billion in the first quarter plus an additional $1.7 billion for the next three quarters.
Gary Coleman: Right. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And then in terms of the comments, just quickly, Mark, you made a comment that [Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 21:41:00 2009 ]you thought that Med Sup might come back somewhat next year. I mean, thats the first time I think you've said something like that in a long time I believe. I wonder if you could sort of expand on that.
Mark McAndrew: Well Ed, it's a little early to tell. There is no doubt the Medicare Advantage reimbursement rates have been cut far more than what people anticipated. Particularly the private fee for service plans, I think we're going to come under pressure. It is hard to say yet whether they'll actually be dis-enrollments. They're definitely going to lose their competitive advantage that they've had because of the over reimbursement.  So, actually, the Obama administration has indicated that they intend to eliminate that over reimbursement and they're taking pretty dramatic steps in 2010. But I don't think until June 1st that companies have to file their intentions for next year, as far as what plans and what areas they intend to offer their products, but I think there is a possibility you'll see some dis-enrollments from Medicare Advantage plans, but regardless, as far as new enrollees, I think you'll definitely see them lose their competitive advantage next year. 
Ed Spehar - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And then, just going back to this statutory stuff Gary, the $225 million impairment, that is an after tax number, correct?
Gary Coleman: Yes. Yes, it is. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Schuman with KBW. 
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Gary, I was wondering on this bank facility that you're putting together, is the completion of that base on any particular ratings or financial metrics that we should keep in mind?
Gary Coleman: No. Not as far as the completion of it. As a matter of fact, all the due diligence that the banks did were based on the first quarter numbers, so thats up to date. The only thing regarding ratings is the interest rate is a LIBOR rate plus spread. If we got downgraded, then we would pay, you know, a little bit more in that spread. But, it's not that bigger amount. What we're looking at, if we issued it today, we're talking about an all end rate of around 5%. And that's one thing that appeals to us this is a very low cost way of paying down that August maturity but at the same time, it's also providing us time for the debt markets to open up.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: And then next, I am wondering given the fact you're already kind of maintaining fair amount of still cash and that you feel like you can pretty readily lend up to the holding companies. You thought about just upstreaming some cash and buying in the debt instead of maturing at a par?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, we have thought about that. It's a little hard to do. There's not much of it out there. We have looked at that and if we can get it at a good price, we will.
Mark McAndrew: And we've also looked at the possibility of short-term paying down with commercial paper, because we're basically not earning anything on the cash that we're holding.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Then lastly, I guess help me maybe kind of reconcile what seems to be a little bit of a mixed message. It seems like you've painted a picture of fair degree of comfort and confidence about your sources of capital and liquidity, but then I also thought I heard you say at the beginning of the call that you're kind of dialing down maybe some of the growth and direct response, which I think it was being very high quality, very profitable business that generates a lot of value.  First of all, did I understand that correctly to kind of managing that down in an effort to consist thats why capital? And if thats true how do, I kind of reconcile that against the bigger message that you're pretty comfortable with your capital situation? 
Mark McAndrew: I'll try to explain that. The direct response, everything we do, we calculate a return on the investment. We invest money up-front in acquisition expense and we look at the present value of profits that that business generates. Overall, we run 23%, 24% return on investment, overall in direct response for every dollar that we spent. But within their there are segments that generate significantly higher returns in that and there are some that return lower returns. So we've got some of the programs that we're doing that are down in that 10% to 12% return on investment.  Now we're saying is, we're going to cut back on some of the lower return on investment programs that we're doing for the time being. The nice thing about it when we do let some of that circulation rest, as we would call it, if we let it rest for six months or 12 months, when we started back up response rates improve just because it hasnt been hit as many times.  So it's just one of those things that in the current environment we dont feel like it's a good time to be overly aggressive in the direct response and the circulation that we're going to be reducing is the least possible of that. So if anything we'll see our overall margins go up as a result of that. But, we just think it's not a particular good tome to be aggressive but again we're I think last year we spent a $139 million direct cost in the direct response. So we're working at cutting about $15 to $20 million out of that this year, but we're really cutting out just the lowest profitable business within that. 
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, great. Ed confused me. Can we go back to the capital calculation and I think it might be easier to start since we have real year end numbers. You had $1.2 billion, 1248 of total adjusted capital at year end. You had $379 million of company action level required capital which was your 329. Your statutory operating income should be around $450?
Gary Coleman: Right.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: That's correct. And less how much that's going to have to be up to the holding company in order to pay off interest expense and other expenses?
Gary Coleman: What goes up to the holding company is based on last year's earnings.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Right.
Gary Coleman: Last year's statutory earnings. And that's coming out of the insurance companies this year. That's $363 million.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay.
Gary Coleman: Now our earnings are going to be about $450 million for this year.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay.
Gary Coleman: What I was doing, is I was starting with that beginning capital, the 1.281 that you mentioned, adding in the earnings, subtracting out the dividends. And then,[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 22:23:00 2009  ] from there solve for,[Author ID1: at Mon Apr 27 22:23:00 2009 ] assuming that the downgrades are going to be $1.7 billion over the last three quarters added to the $2.2 billion we had in the first quarter, that we had that many impairments for the year. I mean downgrades, excuse me.  And then once I got that number, and knowing what I'd have to have to have 300% RBC, then I'd back into how much of impairments I could have and still be at the capital needed to be at the 300%.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: I understand how you're getting there, but here's how I'm looking at this thing. You've got 1248 less 225 of impairments. That's yours. I'm just trying to engineer backwards your number.
Gary Coleman: Okay.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Thats 225 of impairments plus how much of retained statutory operating income?
Gary Coleman: Okay, lets just break it down the numbers. The beginning numbers, 1 billion 281, that was our capital at the end of last year.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay
Gary Coleman: Add 450 of earnings, take 363 of dividends out.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay so thats still then go to go up to the holding company.
Gary Coleman: And that leaves me a 1 billion 368 of capital. And what we're estimating our capital to be is our risk-based capital was 389. At the end of the year, because of the downgrades, we're saying it will be 463 at the end of the year this year. That gives you 295. Okay, so we're still close to the 300. And I was just trying to figure out how much we can have impairments knowing that by having impairments, I'm going to have, might put cash in at some point, because I'm already below the 295. And so thats, so I've got 242 million available to put in the company.  So, once you have that, I forgot what you said, capital was, I think it's 368. You add 242 into that. Then you find out what amount it is that you can have impairments and still be at the 300% level.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay and the 242 was what again?
Gary Coleman: That's our free cash flow that's available for the rest of the year.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: From last year.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, and then if I could ask an actual operating question. Looking at the break ups by the various agencies in health and Mark, maybe you touched on this and I didn't understand it but looking at L&L, you had a very nice increase year-over-year in the expense ratio. Was that somehow driven by this reclassification of expenses that you're talking about?
Mark McAndrew: Oh, Rosemary?
Rosemary Montgomery : Yes. I think the answer is no. I think that relates back to what I talked about earlier was the fact that we had done a complete review of our health lines and 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: I'm just looking at life.
Rosemary Montgomery : Oh, the life one is actually due to the termination rates continuing to
Gary Coleman: Actually the acquisition expense at Liberty National went up significantly from a year ago.
Rosemary Montgomery : Yes. The non-deferred and amortization percentage is up from a year ago, consistent though I think what we've had in the fourth quarter of '08. And that's due to us continuing to experience a higher termination rate than what we had before.
Mark McAndrew: The expense ratio, the acquisition expense ratio went up At Liberty National. And that is a result of the higher than anticipated lapses that we were taking corrective steps to reverse that. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: But, that was the first year stuff?
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. I got you. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee : I just had one quick follow-up for you. Did I hear correctly that you said with respect to this new bank line that you are in the process of that it was -- the two banks involved in were also the two lead banks from your back-up line? 
Gary Coleman : No. They're not.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee : Okay. They're two different banks.
Gary Coleman : They're banks in our bank line but they're not our lead banks.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee : They're not your lead banks. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst : Yes, thank you. Just a question. You mentioned that you may at some point feel it is not worth defending your rating and at that point, you could live with a lower RBC ratio. What sort of ratio could you live with as a lower rating?
Mark McAndrew : Do you want to try that, Gary?
Gary Coleman : In discussions, we've had I don't think we know if we went downward rating, I don't know where the threshold would drop to. It drop from 300% to somewhere below that. I really can't answer what that level would be.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. Mr. McAndrew, I'll turn the conference back to you for closing comments. 
Mark McAndrew : All right, thank you everyone for joining us this morning and we'll visit with you again at the end of next quarter. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark S. McAndrew - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary L. Coleman - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rosemary J. Montgomery - Executive Vice President and Chief Actuary
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co. Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Colin Devine - Citigroup Eric Berg - Barclays Capital Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Talbert - Wesley Capital Management Seth Glasser - Barclays Capital Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Edward Spehar - Banc of America Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time I would turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark S. McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of my comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2007 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $119 million or $1.40 per share, a per share decline of less than 1% from a year ago. Net income was $137 million or $61 per share, an increase of 14% from a year ago on a per share basis. For the year, net operating income was $5.80 per share an increase of 6%, while net income per share declined 7% to $5.11. Net operating income for the year was less than our previous guidance, as a result of three significant variances. First there was this $0.05 attributable to higher than expected losses on our variable annuity business, $0.02 was attributable to lower than expected investment income as a result of Management's decision to increase our holdings of cash in short term investments. $0.03 was attributable to higher than expected administrative expenses during the fourth quarter. Excluding FAS 115 our return on equity is 15.3% for the quarter and our book value per share was $39.17 up 8% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturity investments carried at market value, book value is $26.24 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 2% to $401 million for the quarter. And life underwriting margins increased 3% to $112 million. Life insurance net sales were $77 million for the quarter, up 13% from a year ago. At American Income, life premiums grew 5% to $119 million and life underwriting margins was up 13% to $40 million. Net life sales increased 17% to 28 million with first year collected life premiums growing 11% to $21 million. The agents accounted American Income was up 21% from a year ago to $3085. American Income continues to show a very positive growth in net sales and underwriting margins. Premium revenue was roughly $3 million less than expected in the quarter due to the weakness in the Canadian Dollar. For 2009, we expect to see continued double digit growth in net sales at American Income. In our direct response operations, life premiums were up 5% to $126 million and life underwriting margin grew 7% to $31 million. Net life sales increased 8% to $31 million. Despite the difficult economy, we expect continued growth in direct response net sales in the 5 to 10% range for 2009 while maintaining our current underwriting margins. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 1% to $71 million and life underwriting margin was down 13% to $18 million. Net life sales grew 29% to $13 million and the agent count was 3778, up 53% from a year ago. For 2009, we expect net life sales to continue to grow in excess of 20% continuing momentum we have... we had in 2008. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 11% to $225 million and health underwriting margin was down 9% to $42 million. Health net sales declined 49% from a year ago to $30 million but grew 4% from the third quarter of 2008. The branch office and independent agency channels that unite American continue to experience significant declines in net sales and premium revenues, while these distribution systems accounted or contributed 26% of our premium revenue for the quarter, they account for only 14% of our insurance underwriting income after administrative expenses and 8% of our net operating income. While we intend to continue to produce sales in our current health insurance markets, we will continue our focus on selling more life and supplemental health products which have higher margins and better persistency. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D was down 18% to $43 million, while our underwriting declined 25% to $5 million. Net Part D sales for the quarter increased 95% to $16 million. While not currently marketed we do have a relatively small block of variable annuity business on our books. At the end of the third quarter, these assets totaled $890 million, but declined to $676 million by year end. $167 million of this decline was attributable to changes in the market values of the asset sales. As a result we experienced a larger than anticipated underwriting loss of $8.8 million on this business in the fourth quarter, compared to a $1.6 million gain a year ago. Administrative expenses were $43 million in the quarter, up 11% from a year ago and almost $4 million higher than our previous projections. The increase is due primarily to some timing differences and higher than expected litigation expense as a result of settlement of two law suites during the quarter. For 2009, we expect administrative expenses to increase in the 7 to 8% range as a result of the $9 million increase in our pension expense this year. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments on our investment operations.
Gary L. Coleman: Thanks Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, liquidity in capital and share repurchases. First regarding the investment portfolio, on our website are three schedules to provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of December 31, 2008. They are included under supplemental financial information in the financial reports and other financial information section of the Investor Relations page. As indicated on these schedules, invested assets are $10.2 billion including $9.6 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Combined equities, mortgage loans and real estates are $36 million, less than 1% of invested assets. We have no counterparty risk as we hold no credit default swaps or other derivatives. In addition, we do not operate a securities lending program. As the $9.6 billion of fixed maturities, $8.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. The low investment grade bonds are $712 million with an average rating of B plus and are 7.4% of fixed maturities compared to 8.1% a year ago. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus compared to A minus, a year ago. Net unrealized losses in the fixed maturity portfolio were $1.8 billion, up from the $1.4 million at the end of the third quarter, but lower than the $2.2 billion of October 31. By sector, the largest losses are in the financials which comprise 41% of the portfolio, and 56% of the total net unrealized losses. From the third quarter, net unrealized losses on bank securities declined $76 million but that was offset by $170 million increase in net unrealized losses on the fixed maturities in the insurance sector. As the $357 million increase in net unrealized losses during the quarter, 94% of the increase related to bonds from which there was no downgrade in the ratings. Accordingly, we feel that most of the unrealized losses reflect the current illiquid market that has contributed to a significant spread widely on the bonds that we feel are likely be money good. Obviously this is not a market for us to sell bonds. However due to the strong and stable positive cash flow generated by our insurance products, we not only have the intent to hold the bonds and maturity but more importantly we have the ability to do so. Now I would like to discuss the asset types and sectors within our fixed maturity portfolio. As the asset type, 78% of the portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 15% is in redeemable preferred stock. All of the $1.4 billion of redeemable preferreds are considered hybrids securities, because (inaudible) characteristics of both debt and equity securities. However, all of our hybrids have a stated maturity day, in other characteristics that makes them more like debt securities. None of them are perpetual preferreds. The remaining 7% of the portfolio consists primarily of municipals and government related securities. There is no direct exposure to subprime or Alt-A. We have only $40 million in RMBS and CMBS securities, all rated AAA. Our CDO exposure is a $131 million in which the underlying collateral is primarily bank and insurance trust preferreds. The average rating of these securities is A minus with non-rated less than BBB. Regarding the sectors, as I mentioned the financial sector comprises of $4 billion or 41% of the portfolio, within financials the life health probably cash for (ph) insurance sector is $1.8 billion and banks are 1.7 billion. Financial guarantors and mortgage secures totaled $180 million less than 2% of the portfolio. The next largest sector is utility which accounts for $1.1 billion or 12% of the portfolio, the remaining, $4.6 billion of fixed maturities is spread among 242 issuers in a broad range of sectors. Now to conclude the discussion on investment, I'll compare with portfolio yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $157 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility factors, we invested an average annual effective yield of 7.8% and average rating of 8 and an average life depending on future calls between 22 and 23 years. This compares to the 7.1% yield, A minus rating and 18 to 38 year average life of bonds acquired in the fourth quarter of last year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter that new money yield was 7% or higher, and 7.8% is the highest we've achieved since the first quarter of 2002. The average yield on the portfolio in the fourth quarter was 6.97%, virtually the same as it has been the last four sequential quarters. Now regarding liquidity and capital. Our insurance companies primarily sell basic protection life and health insurance which generates strong and stable cash flows. In the fourth quarter, only $3 million or 0.5% of premium revenue came from asset accumulation products where revenue and underwriting margins are subjected to changes in equity markets. Regulatory capital remains sufficient to support our current operations and rating, the RBC ratio at year-end 2008 was 329%. At that level, we have approximately $110 million more capital than required to achieve our target RBC ratio of 300%. At the holding company level, free cash flow remains strong. It was $343 million in 2008, the fourth consecutive year that free cash flow has been at least $300 million. Due to the $68 million of bond impairments in 2008, and with 70% related to Lehman bonds, the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay up to the holding company in 2009 will be the less than in 2008. In spite of this, we expect 2009 free cash flow to be in excess of $300 million, probably in the range of 320 to $330 million. Now there are several potentially uses for the 2009 free cash flow. One possible use is a strategic acquisition, but given the current state of debt and equity markets, such a transaction in near-term is unlikely. In August, we have a $100 million debt issue that matures, and we will set aside cash to fund that maturity if necessary. Our preference would be to refinance, either through an issuance of debt in the public market or issuance of commercial paper. But if financing terms aren't favorable, then we will have a $100 million available to retire that debt. Given current economic conditions, we expect that the likely use of our available cash will be the possible retirement of the maturing debt issue along with share repurchases and to a lesser extent to the reduction of short term debt. Those were my comments, I will now turn it over to Mark.
Mark S. McAndrew: Thank you Gary. With so many unknowns in our current economy, it is much more difficult for us to provide accurate guidance. Our best current estimates project 2009 net operating income per share to be in a range of $6.05 to $6.25 per share, an increase of somewhere between 4 and 8% for the year. Those are my comments for this morning and I will now open it up for questions. Patricia?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Hi good morning everybody. Couple of quick ones for you, just what's the average duration of your outstanding commercial paper currently?
Gary Coleman: The average duration now is about 60 days, we're all of our papers under... commercial paper are the federal programs.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: And the max, there is 90 days if I understand correctly?
Gary Coleman: Right.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Okay. And so, you guys know where I'd been on this issue, I guess I'd like to understand, what's your backup plan? I mean obviously there is space capital ratio is very strong, probably enough to continue to support the ratings but S&P (ph) are out, they are with their negative outlooks and S&P I guess just yesterday saying that they are taking a stress test, an incremental stress test view on life and health companies. So, who knows what that means, but obviously if there is a negative move on your rating, the CPFF access is very limited at that point if available at all. I guess I'd just like to understand from your perspective, what the back up plan is to deal with the potential loss of access to that program?
Gary Coleman: Well there we could go out into the market, people are placing commercial paper in the market, and we've talked to our bankers, we are not anticipating a downgrade but we've talked to them the fact if we did have a downgrade would we be able to issue commercial paper and they tell us that we can do that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: A2P2?
Gary Coleman: Yes, that's what we represented to them.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Okay.
Gary Coleman: And so we can do that. If for some reason that was closed off, we could still... we could take down our bank loan and that runs through August of 2011, so that's another source of liquidity there.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Okay. The question for you on... then on impairments, I certainly appreciate the stability of your business and the whole, the maturity approach, probably one the most stable books of business in this space. But I guess my question is, especially given the focus and exposure and BBB and below corporates as well as preferreds, I guess I'm wondering, how when we're seeing the kind of impairment and investment loss activity that we're seeing in very similar names, in very similar credits, across the industry, how you feel comfortable that everything you own is money good?
Gary Coleman: Well first of all, I can't speak to what other people... what judgments they are making regarding similar bonds. I can just tell you that, we look at the other... the OTTI issue, we look at the accounting literature, we look at the length in time in which bonds are the in low... market has been below book, we look at the financial condition and we look at the prospects of the issuer. But when... we look at each one on a bond by bond basis and we make a determination as of today, and we've made a termination that we think these bonds are going to be money good. And that could change in the future, but... as conditions change, either with the issuer or the general economy, but again we feel like bonds are money good, or we would have taken OTTI.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Okay. And then just to get a sense for the assumptions underlying the 605 to 625 guidance for 2009. Understanding that it's a really difficult environment to give sort of any real predictions. But just wanted to get a sense for what's embedded in your assumptions around capital management activities? Does it assume, Gary, as you sort of pointed out, the idea of repaying the $100 million that matures in August '09 with cash on hand, how much in buybacks is sort of assumed in that 605 to 6 in the quarter?
Gary Coleman: Well there is various levels of buybacks, ranging from minimal to up to $300 million worth of buybacks. We'll say this though, we if we spend the 300 million, it'll be weighted such that a third of it might be spent in the first half of the year, and so that we have $100 million available, so we actually have $200 million for the rest of the year. That way we know we have $100 million available if we have to pay down that maturity in cash.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Got you.
Gary Coleman: But...
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Okay.
Gary Coleman: As far as our projection, we did it both ways, whether to pay it down or refinanced it, and that's all that's built into the range.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Co.: Okay. Okay, okay understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Hey. Good morning everybody. Looking at towards Mark (ph), the numbers have always been good and it's stable, everybody knows that. One of the thoughts I have been having watch... the economy rolled itself out in the way it is, is the effect on you customer base and your customer target market. We all know that's very different from a lot of the other companies that are public and we all track. I'm interested if you are seeing any increase in lapsation and the reason why I ask is that it looks like the annualized premium enforced at year-end for the Life Insurance business slightly decreased from the third quarter's end and I've got numbers going back to 2002 in my model and I haven't seen that before?
Mark McAndrew: Steven, I'll address that. A couple of things. First off, at American income, as I mentioned in my comment, the premium growth there both collected as well as enforced was less than what we anticipated it would be, because of the Canadian Dollar, we have a little over 60 million of Canadian premiums enforced and I recall the Canadian Dollar went from $0.96 to $0.82, in the quarter, which instead of having something in excess of 10% growth in our Canadian premiums we actually saw over a 10% decline in our Canadian enforced (ph) premiums during the quarter. And we have not seen any noticeable difference in our renewal year persistency. As I've mentioned in prior calls, direct response, we did see some small declines in our first year persistency on a segment of that business which was primarily what we call our insert media which, those changes we've now reversed as a result of some rate test that that we did and actually for 2009 we'll see our first year persistency improve in that marketplace. At Liberty National, we have seen some declines and again in our first year persistency, not really on the basis of the economy but when we switch to laptop sales presentation and electronic application, we start collecting the initial premium with those applications and as a result of that, we have seen some deterioration in our first year persistency at Liberty National. We are taking steps to turn that around. I can't... I really don't think that has anything to do with the economy, I think it has more to do with the change we made last summer in the electronic application and not collecting the initial premium with the application.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, no, I appreciate that, I heard you said about that Canadian thing but I did not put two and two together. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Hi thanks. On the variable annuity piece, obviously, there was an outside loss there. Do you hedge that exposure and how can we think about what might happen there from a loss perspective, if we continue to see downside in the S&P 500?
Mark McAndrew: Gary, you want to...
Gary Coleman: Well first of all we don't hedge that exposure there. And I think when we looked at in our guidance and various S&P 500 levels, the loss for next year could be somewhere between 2 and $9 million.
Mark McAndrew: And Gary, the two were based worth... the $9 million loss, we're assuming the S&P is, at what level?
Rosemary Montgomery: We're assuming its 875.
Mark McAndrew: 875.
Rosemary Montgomery: At the $2 million loss, we would be assuming it 1000.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay, and so obviously, that's implicit in the guidance that you've provided.
Mark McAndrew: Right
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay, and then beyond that any plans for that segment in light of it's own hedge position and kind of not a fit with the rest of the stability of the business?
Mark McAndrew: Again that's a declining... book of business has been a declining book of business for a number of years. We had looked at trying to sell it in the past. Again, we think it will continue to run off, when the market does turn around, we would expect the possibility of a turn around. We will look into the possibility of hedging it, but at this point there is no immediate plan to do so.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Right, okay, fair enough. And then just one more, if I may, with Gary. Can you discuss the matching impact or the additional capital call requirement that will happen as BBB, or if BBB credits get downgraded below investment credit? Is there a rule of thumb we can use to think about the additional capital requirement that that kind of rating move would have?
Gary Coleman: Randy, I don't have the ... as far as individual charges have moved down the way, we do stress there so regarding our BBBs and we have $4.6 billion of BBBs and 1.2 billion is BBB minus and 2 billion or BBB of that. And I'll stress this, the entire 1.2 billion BBB minus plus 900 million of the 2 billion of the BBB could all move down under below investment grade and we would still be about 300% in RBC. So that gives you an idea how much movement we are going to have downward and still maintain the capital at 300%.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: So just to clarify so the 1.2 billion of, you said BB all of that would move to below invest, I am sorry, could you just run through that?
Gary Coleman: Let me run through that again, okay. We have 4.6 billion in total of all BBB. Of that amount 1.2 billion are BBB minus.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Got it.
Gary Coleman: And 2 billion are BBB with the remaining 1.5 billion BBB plus. What I was saying is the entire 1.2 billion of the BBB minus plus about 900 million of the 2 billion of BBB, all could move down to below investment grade. It could all be downgraded and we would still be a 300% RBC.
Randy Binner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Excellent, that's very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Devine with Citi.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Good morning. Just a couple of questions. If we look at life premiums this quarter, I think it's about the lowest growth we have seen in about 10 years year-over-year in total of 2%. Are we starting just to see the impact of the economy comes through here and as you are looking out for '09, is that the sort of level we should start to be thinking about? Its question one. Question two, if you could talk about agent recruiting trends, since I thought a tougher economy is generally helpful to you that way? And then lastly, on excess investment income, the required interest for policy liabilities. That was just biggest jump again in I think the last 10 years, up 11%. Is there something going on there or is that just some year-end reserve showing up?
Gary Coleman: Colin, I'll take that one. That wasn't true enough. We had ... in that $17 increase that we have, 1.6 million was a catch up adjustment for the year.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Got you. Premiums and agent recruiting?
Mark McAndrew: Our the agent recruiting, our agent recruiting is very strong, Liberty American income continues to be very good and we continue to expect to see the same type of growth we've seen this year going forward in that. So, I'm not sure if the economy is really helping us but it's definitely not hurting us. As far as life premiums again, we would been 3% or closer to 3%, if not for the decline in the Canadian Dollar, but I think, in fact, I was just looking to see what are... in our projection for next year, I think we're still just assuming somewhere in that 2 to 3% growth range for next year again. Again we're assuming that the Canadian Dollar in our expectations does not improved significantly, in fact on the low side we're expecting it continues to go down somewhat from its current level. So I think that's about where we are at right now.
Gary Coleman: So maybe selling just a little bit but not much and really what we saw this quarter that was just the currency coming through.
Mark McAndrew: We would have had better growth this quarter without the Canadian, again those 60 over 60 million of life premium enforced there that dropped substantially during the quarter.
Colin Devine - Citigroup: Thank you, that's very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Berg with Barclays Capital.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much, good morning to everyone in Texas. I have a few questions, starting with the investment portfolio. With respect to the BBB portfolio, could you give me a ball park sense of where it is trading and your judgment relative to amortize the cost?
Gary Coleman: Well, at year end it was about $0.80 on the dollar.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: That would be across the BBB plus BBB and BBB minus?
Gary Coleman: Well the BBB plus I think it would $0.081 and probably through the BBB and the BBB minus is more around $0.70.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: And am I correct when I say that you recorded a realized capital gain in the quarter, and I did not see any reference to OTTI at all? Am I right when I say that you have not recorded at really any OTTI on the BBB portfolio?
Gary Coleman: No. The first of all gain the realized gain we had in the fourth quarter was, we hedged we took an impairment loss in the third quarter, of about $70 million which I mentioned before was primarily our investment and your former employer alumni (ph).
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Right.
Gary Coleman: And we had set that evaluation allowance at that time for accounting purposes, because we didn't have unrealized gains and that to support tax benefit, unrealized gains and bonds that had unrealized gains and portfolio increase in that that we were able to reverse that evaluation allowance in the fourth quarter and that was $10 million of the $11 million of gains that were... so there was essentially was no gains or losses for the quarter. Now so, the impairments that we've taken this year, the biggest I want mention, in the third quarter, and Lehman's were ready (ph) by the time we took it was impaired. The other impairment we had some smaller impairments earlier in the year and I think those were right below our investment grade. So, to answer your question, we had... in 2008, we did not take any parameters that I am aware of are BBB.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Right. So essentially if things now stand, the BBB portfolios amortized cost, putting aside amortization of premium and discount. It sounds like the current cost basis, or the current amortized cost of the BBB portfolio is unchanged from what it was when you acquired these securities. It's essentially, they've not been written down at all.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think that's correct.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: My final question, I was just hoping we could go over in a little bit more detail than we' provided the pension issue, Mark referenced the pension issue, from a technical point of view, what's happening? Is this a discount rate issue, is it an issue of actual return falling short of expected returns, what exactly is happening that will lead to higher pension expense in 2009, and then would otherwise have been the case? Thank you.
Gary Coleman: Eric you are right in both the instances, as both the discount rate and recognizing loses in the portfolio, but primarily the discount rate is a minor change but the biggest change is due to the poor performance of the portfolio, we're having to amortize those loses under the accounting rules and the amortization of those loses make a 8... I think it's 8 million or the 9 million of pension expense will be up this year.
Eric Berg - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi. Just had a broad question on... thoughts on risks management and cash flow, I guess to go back to John Nadel's earlier question, knowing that there is a risk, I don't know how you define it high, low, medium that you potentially could get bumped out of the government's CP program, and then also just considering looking at some of the perpetuals you have on your balance sheet, names like SunTrust, the Third (ph), Region Financial, the common equity of which is trading below between 1 and $4 per share. Why would you even consider buying back stock right now? It seems, seems that the environment is sort of crumbling to some extent and I understand your cash flow is holding up better than others. But when I think about potential sources and uses of cash, it would seem to me that buying back stock doesn't make a whole heck of a lot of sense right now. But just curious what you think about that?
Gary Coleman: Well, first of all, I will just talk about why we would buy back stock excluding other issues that we are seeing at lowest multiple I can remember that we are selling at, and we still think that our business is strong and so it's compelling ... that's a compelling reason to buy the stock. We are going to be careful, and as I mentioned we're... in our projections, we are showing using only a third of our free cash flow in the first half of the year. And I don't know how much of that will be buyback versus maybe paying down short term debt or other things, we just will have to see that as we go. But one thing to keep in mind is that, as I mentioned we have $100 million of excess capital at statutory level. We got 320 to $330 million of free cash flow at the holding company. And if necessary we could direct some of the money back into the insurance companies if we needed, that's over $400 million of funds that available. We have done some stress testing on our portfolio and we went back and looked at the fall rates that were back to 1900s, picked the worse year that we could find, I think it was 1933, we applied those default rates to our portfolio and came up with losses of $200 million. We could suffer $200 million of losses, not put any money back into the insurance companies and still be a 300% RBC. If it exceeded that we could redirect some of that money back down there.
Mark McAndrew: But also, Tom, we have been conservative, I think in January Gary, we purchased 200,000 shares?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Mark McAndrew: So we have significantly slowed down our share repurchase at this point. But we expect to take it back up here as the year progresses. But we are going to make sure that we have plenty of cash on hand to pay our debts and to run our business.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Gary Coleman: And Tom, the only thing I would add to that is that there's some... maybe some timing impact there but we're going to generate... the other $330 million of cash isn't a one time thing, as I have mentioned 2008 was a fourth year in excess, consecutive years in excess of 300 million. That cash is going to replenish as we go forward. So I agree with what Mark said, I'm just saying that I think we could withstand some pretty high impairment losses with the cash position that we have.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. And I guess my only thought on the matter would be... it seems like the only real issue here is that short term $300 million, beyond that there is no... not a lot of sensitivity to Torchmark, so just given that that's kind of a looming issue out there. Is there any way to consider taking care of that in a more proactive manner as opposed to having to react? And the reason I say that is we've seen a laundry list of other financial companies that have talked about tapping their back up credit facility as a back up plan and anyone that actually does it to use their stock get taken out to the woodshed.
Gary Coleman: Well, but I'll say this, one reason we're at the $300 million is not... we're not just buying the stock, that's what we qualified under the federal program was the max of 300 million. That's why we went to 300 million because we've... and as we mentioned earlier in the call, we held cash, we held some of that cash but we want to make sure it got to the maximum, there as a program. But again, as I mentioned early in the comments, that one of the uses of cash maybe to reduce that debt. As we've said in the fourth quarter, when were buying the stock is that we might be pre-funding purchases for 2009 and that 2009 cash flow could go towards reducing that short term debt. I know what you're saying, we don't want to draw on that bank line either, that is a fall back. But we do think the market out there other than the federal program is open, and so we'll... I think there is a fall back but I agree with you that we want to keep as much flexibility as we can and if that means reducing in the short term debt, then we will.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Talbert with Wesley Capital Management.
Jeffrey Talbert - Wesley Capital Management: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. One piece of information you've provided in your third quarter Q were supplemental marks for the portfolio as of the end of October which I thought was quite helpful. Could you give us some indication of what the net unrealized loss of portfolio would be as of Jan, at the end of January please?
Gary Coleman: I don't have that number, I was looking at...
Jeffrey Talbert - Wesley Capital Management: I don't think ant particular, just present on BBB financials have widened out quite bit just the 12/31, there has been a pretty significant move in that?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, I would think... I was going to say, I've seen the spreads, and not so in BBBs but in looking at financials, this spreads have widened a little bit since year-end and so I would expect it to be a little bit higher, I don't have that number though.
Jeffrey Talbert - Wesley Capital Management: Got it. Is there something you can get back to, something offline or in your release, it would just be a very helpful thing for us get?
Gary Coleman: Yes,
Jeffrey Talbert - Wesley Capital Management: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Glasser with Barclays Capital.
Seth Glasser - Barclays Capital: Good morning gentlemen, thanks for taking my call. I was wondering if you could speak a bit more about your preferred portfolio, particularly since the end of the year till now, this is obviously an asset transfer evaluation to fall significantly over the past four weeks, and I think that's been the case even for non-perms (ph). So, just wondering if there is a risk or more significant impairments in Q1 and if you can comment about the potential downside to book value, over pressure on your credit ratings, if we do see increased impairments, it is a pretty significant percentage of your tangible book, and we've obviously all seen what's happened to Aflac around this issue?
Gary Coleman: Well, we have a different issue than Aflac. First of all, these aren't perpetual (ph) preferreds, that's they are more or like bonds, as far as tolerance for impairments, I think I mentioned earlier what we stress testing that we've done, the redeemable preferreds are again wider towards the banks and financials... I mean the banks and insurance companies, and I really can't comment on impairments there. Again 12/31, we didn't feel that they were impaired and we'll just have to wait and see.
Seth Glasser - Barclays Capital: Okay. I guess not to beat the liquidity issue too much more but I'm wondering if you have a target for cash or total liquidity either at the growth (ph) or company you're iteming, I guess I would echo on the sentiments that have been voiced already on the call, which is that if you were unable to lower your CP using the federal program, I'm actually on the debt side and I think it would be a lot harder than you are indicating to issue A2P2 paper into the private market. So, if you did have to draw that bank line, I think that draw coupled with any LOC capacity that you had used up on the line as well as the 100 million August maturity and share buybacks, could start to leave you with a much tighter liquidity position. And I think as we've already discussed on the call, that's tended to be looked at pretty unfavorably. So, I wonder if you have specific sort of enterprise liquidity or cash number that you're going to shoot to maintain as this year goes on?
Gary Coleman: We don't have a specific cash number targeted that we are going to keep but as I mentioned we will definitely have a $100 million of cash on hand the day that that August maturity occurs.
Mark McAndrew: But also Gary at the insurance company level, we also have very strong cash flows. We generate Gary it's... somewhere around a $1 billion of free cash at the insurance company level. So close to a $100 million of free cash at the insurance company level each month.
Gary Coleman: Right. Mark... yeah I was just getting there, (inaudible) actually wanted to say is that at the insurance company level, we are generating just under a billion dollars a year of new cash and that's not including the maturities. That's just cash from operations. So, we're constantly having cash come in, and if we invest that cash in bonds, but if we need the hold back some of that cash, we can do that. But that as the liquidity and insurance companies are extremely strong, and there's been consistently at that level, so there's no reason to expect that... there's nothing going to change there.
Seth Glasser - Barclays Capital: But the CP is at the old co, correct? So given that there is sort of limited cash flow, not that it's a small number, but it is a limited number that you could get up to the old co, with potentially some interesting cash calls at that entity. So, that won't be just a debt but I do think that it's an issue that that should be thought about with a lot of care as we go into the next few quarters because the market really on the debt side is a lot more volatile than I think you maybe giving it credit for.
Gary Coleman: Well, again, as far as whether we could borrow as an A2P2, we've explored that. We feel that maybe there is more than opening, better than you think, but we're still going to... we're just beginning the year, we're going to work through this and as conditions change... the good thing is we've got the cash coming in that we can hold. We've got 300 million coming in. If we use all of it to pay down the 100 million maturing and then pay the rest of it to pay down short term debt and we didn't... if we went a year without buying stock, that's not the end of the world, our interest still increase. And then starting again in 2010, we start over. And we've got another 300 plus million of free cash flow coming in, so we're... as Mark mentioned earlier, we're going to make sure that... we pay our debts, and that we don't get ourselves strapped for liquidity. But we have great liquidity in our insurance companies, and we have got flexibility where we can just hold in liquidity.
Seth Glasser - Barclays Capital: What you are saying is fair. I appreciate your time on the call today.
Gary Coleman: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Johnson with Citadel.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Thanks, Thank you very much. Wanted to follow up on a couple of things you have mentioned in the call; one around the BBB down grade scenario. Can I assume that that on RBC there's a numerator and a denominator, the impact you are talking about still holding the 300 RBC is picking up the increased capital charge from the higher amount of BBBs. But is it also assuming a commensurate decline maybe on a no OTTI basis that would result from an environment that would see that amount of your BBBs put into below investment grade?
Gary Coleman: No, Dan you are right, we were just affecting the denominator. We weren't assuming that they were impaired. We did really looked at the possible downgrades and as I've mentioned earlier, we looked at the effect of impairments but we didn't combined the two there.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Alright, so I guess that do you really feel comfortable about that sort of scenario, shouldn't we be doing both?
Gary Coleman: Well we... I think we could look at that, I mean there, I guess if you look at the impairment issues, if they get downgraded and some of them get impaired, that's dollar to dollar. We could look at that, I don't know, again as I mentioned earlier we were doing stress testing, we came up with $200 million just kind of a, what's been a worst case default rates over the years and I'm saying we can tolerate almost two times that much. So, knowing that we didn't really it's necessary to expand the test, put the downgrades and some of them being impaired.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: The 200 million and I am assuming that's after-tax losses in your 1933 or 1934 scenario?
Gary Coleman: No, there is no the tax benefits to that. We also didn't assume any liquidation value.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay, so 200... so basically or roughly about 2%, just to the bond portfolio is what would have happened back in 1933 or 34.
Gary Coleman: Right.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. I'll have to go and take a look at that. I wasn't around.
Gary Coleman: And if you make it 10% liquidation value that will be maybe 230 million, rising our impairments when we get some of that back but.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: But the 10% liquidation value is, you get $0.10 on the dollar of the defaulted bond?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, but again we assume no liquidation value and no tax benefit and that with the full $200 million would be 100% loss to us.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Right, okay. So basically saying we're going to have roughly 2% default rate and it's all going to go, there is no recovering, no tax benefit?
Gary Coleman: Right. All of that will happen in one year.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Got it. And then, just a couple of quick ones. On the CDOs, are we still expecting the... I think you a carrying something like $0.10 or $015, is that still coming back to par and what's the right time frame for that?
Gary Coleman: Yes, they are trading... you are right about what they are trading at and we think that just the poor condition of the market, and looking at them where we stand versus the collateral there, we think they are adequately collateralized or we're going to... we feel like we'll collect all, not only principal but interest also.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Is there something unique about these CDOs and I am certainly no CDO expert, is there something unique about these versus what we see elsewhere where those people don't expect a full recovery?
Gary Coleman: Well, one thing that's different about these is that there is no subprime or other really the troubled asset classes you hear about, these are trust preferreds of primary banks and insurance companies.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Got it, got it. And then lastly, I caught the billion eight in terms of the unrealized loss, can you remind me what statutory capital is at the end of the fourth quarter and how much that changed versus the third quarter?
Gary Coleman: Statuary capital in the fourth quarter was billion three, just under billion three, 1.281 billion was the number, and I don't remember what was that in the third quarter.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: That's okay, I can look that up. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Gary Coleman: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein with FPK.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of follow ups on a few things. One is, what did you say that the short term debt would stay at during 2009, can you remind us of that comment?
Gary Coleman: I don't remember saying where it would stay at, we were accounted at 300 million and I said earlier that we might ... we will consider paying some of that down during the year. We don't have a target for that.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, I thought on the last call you said that you were going to build up the short term and then start paying it down in 2009, is that?
Gary Coleman: Well Mark, yeah, I would think that you'll see reduction in the short term, I just can't commit that what dollar amount at this point in time, because what we said last quarter was in buying the stock we could borrow and as I've mentioned earlier pre-fund, maybe 2009 purchase in 2008 because we got prices attractive at the time. And so that was... that's coming into this year that's something that is on our list as uses for our free cash flow. It's just hard right now to say what the combination of all that's going to be.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, and then just to clarify on the revolver. I know you have a 150 or so million supporting LOCs, are there any other potential calls on that revolver that you can foresee over the next 12 or 18 months, other than coming back stock the short term?
Gary Coleman: No, not at all. Let me mention that, we have increased the LOC is $600 million line, 300 million is dedicated to LOC and that other 400 million for borrowings, and there is no other call on that. And we could also... the LOC are really doing inter company, doing reinsurance in-house. If we chose to go outside to do it, debt for 200 million, if we chose to do that, we do it in house because we can do it cheaper.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay.
Gary Coleman: Because that would be a source of increasing the liquidity on the line without actually having to expand the line.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And then just real quick on operations. I mean can you just talk a little bit about expenses in the health business? Obviously, persistency is lower in that business. Sales weigh down. I mean how do you manage expenses down, in concert with kind of where that business is going? And do we foresee kind of one time charges or anomalies that we should be thinking about in 2009?
Mark McAndrew: We don't anticipate any one time charges. As that business declines, we will manage the expenses downward. We've never, to my knowledge had to layoff our restructuring charge. We... any staff reductions, we've always taken... we've managed to do through, strictly through turnover and attrition. So, there will not be any charges there. We would expect our, as far as the salaries related to the health insurance business, we'll come down as the year progresses in line with the premium decline, but there will be no charges.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good morning. I guess we at Wall Street are great at hammering last year's issues, and may I see year-to-date high yields have been a terror. And so to me it's not clear that your overall portfolio would be down in January. Am I wrong on that assumption, I mean if you wind down (ph) treasuries and you wind on high yields this year?
Gary Coleman: Yeah Bob only thing that I looked at is and... I can't remember which index, it breaks out financials and industrials and utilities and it shows the treasuries in the spreads and it seems to me that the rights... the yields were up a little bit I think in financial areas and since we are so heavily weighed towards financials. That's why I said that maybe we would see an increase, I don't know, I don't haven't looked at it in very much detail.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Well how is your high yield portfolio performed off late, I mean is it fully participating in this really, in the last two months?
Gary Coleman: When you say high yields, does that mean below investment grade, I haven't, I really don't have an answer to that, it's not something we actively manage, its, that portfolio is going about down grades and...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Great. And I think Wall Street would like you to be owning all treasuries and no high yield right now.
Gary Coleman: Yeah I think..
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: If you are listed in the Wall Street to run your portfolio that may not be the right approach but I am interested in how you do run the portfolio. Can you tell us a little bit about investment impairment, the seasoning, how their performance is measured, how they've done over long periods of time?
Gary Coleman: Well I think over a period of time, they have done very well. The person who heads up our investment department is an actuary, was an actuary by turning, was an actuary for long time. He understands our products, the cash flows of our products and that's a great help in determining our investment strategy and we, and I think if you look at, we had every opportunity to get involved in the subprime business and some of the of the other troubled asset class and we just didn't... they didn't meet our risk profile and we stayed away from them. So, I feel and I feel very good about our portfolio and where we are at.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: You said they've done a good job or they've had good numbers, I would appreciate and I think a lot of people on this call would appreciate substantiation of how you measure them and what the long-term performance in the portfolio has been?
Gary Coleman: Well we look at the risk adjusted yield in our portfolio. We are... our philosophy is first of all we want... we're crediting interests to our reserves... we are not, Tell me about it... policy can about sometime about funding reserves. We want to make sure that we're investing at a spread over that. But... we don't want to take a lot of chances, to press back to your principle is important. So, those are the things that they are measured on. And they did a great deal of credit research not only selecting the bonds they were buying but monitoring adverse and again determining whether it's all risk yield related, should we continue to hold bonds or should we sell them or whatever. It's important to us that we have a spread over what we are creating the reserves but at the same time we'll protect the principle of our investments.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Are there some other tools like buying treasuries or increased reinsurance, I mean, Hartford ph] did that and was able dramatically improve your RBC, I mean are there some other vehicles available in the disaster scenario?
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think reinsurance is a possibility, we just don't obviously don't see a need for it, going forward but I think that would be a possibility.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, appreciate it.
Gary Coleman: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Spehar with Banc of America.
Edward Spehar - Banc of America: Good morning. A very quick question, could you just give a sense, Rosemary, what would happen to the annuity line if we had S&P at 700 or even less, I mean what is the sort of, I know it's a small portion of the company, but just how bad could it be in a 700 or maybe even lower S&P?
Rosemary Montgomery: Well we had looked... as we said earlier, we had looked at when we were coding the range for 2009, we had $2 million to $9 million loss that could result from that and that equated to the $9 million loss and particularly equated to an S&P 500, 875. We didn't actually do a calculation taking it down any lower than that, but obviously you could extrapolate from that it would be just lower than the $9 million, not probably, just to get a ballpark estimate, just to extrapolate between those two numbers.
Edward Spehar - Banc of America: I guess the issue and what we're seeing with companies who obviously have a much bigger bet on these businesses, that extrapolating on a linear basis for a decline is not the way to go and I'm assuming you don't have the living benefit guarantee piece, I think.
Rosemary Montgomery: Right
Edward Spehar - Banc of America: So that's one positive. But there is also the issue that debt benefit which also does seem to have this exponential impact as well. So I think it would be helpful for all of us if you could give us may be some color about how bad could it be in the 700, 600 scenarios? I mean none of us may be around to see 600, you may have to call me at home to tell me that.
Rosemary Montgomery: No, I was trying to give you a ballpark amount, obviously we would never try to go in and actually calculate that number, we would never just do it that way but I was just trying to give you ballpark.
Edward Spehar - Banc of America: We can look at it.
Rosemary Montgomery: We just did not go down to that level when we did our calculation but we obviously could.
Edward Spehar - Banc of America: Yeah I mean I guess I would argue that in this environment certainly it makes sense to do it. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good morning. Gary, I was wondering, come back to liquidity for a second, is the holding company just like borrowed from the operating company and is there any capacity to do that, as kind of a short term measures you need there?
Gary Coleman: Yes Jeff, we can do that and we do that from time to time. At this point, we don't have any significant amount borrowed but we can't do that, for us, for short term that's a good point, for short term cash needs we could borrow from the insurance companies and then pay it back later.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Yeah, just kind of a cap in mind, typically they just don't like you to go there too hard?
Gary Coleman: Yeah, we know, there is as a matter fact, each domicile there is a percentage of I think assets that has to be met, but we never, I don't think we ever approached those percentages, we don't borrow that much between companies. Just had the need to, the only times that we've really done is when there is just been short term timing type of these.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: But order of magnitude is something that could say a couple of 100 million or?
Gary Coleman: I am trying to, yeah, I think we could go, I think we could go that high. I don't think we ever have, but I think we could.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Alright and then on the capital side, I think you like a lot of companies have deferred tax assets that are not admitted on a statutory basis. The State of Iowa has granted some release there for Iowa companies, has there been any discussion in Nebraska of your purchases in Nebraska about similar approach in that?
Gary Coleman: No we haven't.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Is there some thing that... is there a reason sort of not to pursue that, I mean what's part of (inaudible) proposal, I mean if there is some latitude individual states to deal with a sort of a reason sort of not to go there?
Gary Coleman: No. That's a good idea, we just haven't done that, but that's something that we can explore.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay and at this point are, which... are you staffed in Nebraska now or where are you domiciled?
Gary Coleman: Our major, expect for American Income, it's in Indiana but the United American Liberty and Globe are in Delaware... or Nebraska, excuse me.
Jeffrey Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks a lot, Gary.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Mark McAndrew: Alright, well thanks for joining us this morning and we will talk to you again next quarter, have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining us, have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew  Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman  EVP and CFO Rosemary Montgomery  EVP and Chief Actuary
Analysts: Jeff Schuman  KBW Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse John Nadel  Sterne, Agee Maria Panamar [ph]  New York Life Steven Schwartz  Raymond James Lynn David [ph]  KBW Asset Management John Lanford [ph]  Royal Capital [ph] John Hall  Wachovia Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. Please note that this call is being recorded and is also being simultaneously webcast. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark McAndrew:
, : Some of my comments or answers to your questions this morning may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2007 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the third quarter was $132 million or $1.51 per share, per share increase of 9% from a year ago quarter. Net income was $0.72 per share as a result of an $0.80 per share charge for impairments in our bond portfolio. Excluding FAS 115 our return on equity was 15.7% for the quarter and our book value per share was $37.99, up 8% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value is $27.95 per share. At that book value our return on equity would be roughly 21%. In our life insurance operations premium revenue grew 3% to $406 million. And life underwriting margins increased 2% to $108 million. Life insurance net sales were $75 million for the quarter, up 13% from the third quarter of 2007. At American Income life premiums grew 8.5% to $121 million and life underwriting margins was up 12% to $40 million. Net life sales increased 15% to $28 million with first year collected life premiums also growing 15% to $21 million. The ageing accounted American Income was up 10% from a year ago to $2887 [ph]. I continue to be pleased with the results of American Income and expect double-digit growth in sales to continue in 2009. We have begun work on a new need based computer sales presentation which we hope to introduce the first half of next year similar to something we are doing at Liberty National. When implemented we believe this presentation will increase our average sales size, improve our persistency and have a positive impact on agent retention. We are also close to 50% complete with our centralization of the lead generation at American Income. In those areas where we have assumed this responsibility lead generation increased 33% during the quarter and sales increased over 25%. We expect to have this completed by the end of next year. In our direct response operation, life premiums were up 6% to $127 million and life underwriting margin grew 2% to $30 million. Life net sales increased 7% to $30 million. While we continue to see some declines in our response rates in our insert media, we have however seen some very encouraging test results in both our pricing and packaging in this media during the third quarter. We believe these changes will more than offset this decline in response rates although it is too early to project 2009 sales for the distribution system. We will do so on the next call. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 1% to $72 million and life underwriting margin declined 4% to $18 million. Net life sales grew 47% to $13 million and the agent count was 3476, up 69% from a year ago. I continue to be pleasantly surprised by the sales growth at Liberty National and expect it to continue. While collected premiums and margins decline slightly the sales have now reached a level to Liberty National can contribute meaningful growth in both premiums and underwriting margins for 2009. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 9% to $231 million and health underwriting margin was down 7% to $42 million. The health net sales declined 49% to $29 million. The health sales results of United American continue to deteriorate in both branch office and independent agency channels. This market remains highly competitive and also appears to be negatively impacted by the economy. We are continuing our efforts to shift sales into life and supplemental health products which have higher margins and better persistency. I would also like to point out that a major portion of our health underwriting profits are generated at Liberty National and American Income. While these distribution systems account for only 23% of our health premiums, they contribute roughly 44% of our health underwriting profit after administrative expenses. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D was down 21% to $41.5 million. Although underwriting margin was flat at $6.4 million, primarily as a result of a renegotiated contract with our pharmacy benefit management. Administrative expenses were $38 million for the quarter, down 4% from a year ago. Year-to-date administrative expenses were up a half of 1% and are in line with our expectations. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments on our investment operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment portfolio, liquidity and capital and share repurchases. First, the investment portfolio. On our Web site are three schedules that provide summary information regarding our portfolio as of September 30th 2008. They are included under supplemental financial information in the financial reports and other financial information section of our Investor Relations page. As indicated on these schedules invested assets are $10.1 billion with fixed maturities included amortized costs. Of this amount $9.6 billion are in fixed maturities. Combined, equities, mortgage loans and real estates are $42 million, less than 1% of invested assets. We have no counterparty risk as we hold no credit to default swaps for other derivatives. In addition, we do not operate a securities lending program. Of the $9.6 billion of fixed maturities $8.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. Below investment grade bonds are $698 million with an average rating of BB minus and are 7.3% of fixed maturities compared to 7.8% a year ago. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus compared to A minus, a year ago. Net unrealized losses in the fixed maturity portfolio are $1.4 billion, up from the $670 million at the end of the second quarter. By sector, the largest losses are in the financials which comprise 42% of the portfolio at amortized cost, but 64% of the total net unrealized losses. Almost 85% of the total increase in unrealized losses during the quarter was related to bonds for which there were no downgrades in their ratings. Accordingly, we feel that most of the unrealized losses reflect the current liquid market that is contributed to a significant spread widening on bonds that are likely to be money good. Obviously, this is not a market to be a seller of bonds and due to the strong and stable positive cash flow generated by our insurance products we not only have the intent to hold our bonds to maturity, but more important, we have the ability to do so. Now, I would like to discuss the asset types and sectors within the fixed maturity portfolio. At asset type 78% of the portfolio is in corporate bonds and another 15% is in redeemable preferred stocks. There is no direct exposure to subprime or Alt-A. We have only $41 million in RMBS and CMBS securities, all rated AAA. A CDO exposure is a $131million in which the underlying collateral is bank and insurance company trust preferred. The average rating of these securities is A minus with none rated less than BBB. Regarding sectors as I mentioned, the financial sector comprises $4 billion or 42% of the portfolio. Within financials, the Life held property casualty insurance sector is $1.8 billion and banks are $1.6 billion. Financial guarantors and mortgage insurers total $180 million less than 2% of the portfolio. Next financial is the  the next largest sector is utilities which account for $1 billion or 11% of the portfolio. The remaining $4.6 billion of fixed maturities is a spread among 242 issuers in nine sectors. Now to conclude the discussion on investments I will cover the portfolio yield. In the third quarter we invested $263 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and utility sectors. We have invested an average annual effective yield of 7%, an average rating of A minus and an average life depending on future calls of between 26 years and 28 years. This compares to the 6.84% yield A rating and 22 year to 30 year average life of bonds acquired in the third quarter of last year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter that the new money yield was 7% or higher and also exceeded the portfolio yield. The average yield on the portfolio in the third quarter was 6.97% versus the same as has been for the last four sequential quarters. Now regarding liquidity and capital, our insurance companies primarily sell basic protection life and supplemental health insurance policies which generate strong and stable cash flows. In the third quarter only $3 million or 0.5% of premium revenue came from asset accumulation products where revenue is subject to changes in equity markets. Regulatory capital remain sufficient to support our current operations and ratings. As noted in previous calls our RBC ratio is just under 300% at December 31st 2007. It had dropped below our 300% plus target due to several unusual one-time items. In 2008 we have increased statutory capital primarily through intercompany transactions involving reinsurance and monetization of agent receivables. Even with the $70 million other than temporary impairment write-down in the third quarter, we expect RBC at 12/31/08 to be in the range of 305% to 315%. Finally, regarding capital management, Torchmark has no plans to raise equity capital or reduce dividends to shareholders. Cash flow at the insurance companies and free cash flow to the holding company remains strong. Free cash flow will be approximately $350 million in 2008 and although we haven't done our projections we expect 2009 free cash flow to also be in excess of $300 million. We have already used our 2008 free cash to purchase Torchmark shares. In the third quarter we spent $116 million to buy 2 million shares, and for the nine months we have spent $351 million in acquiring 5.9 million shares. Although we have already used our available cash for this year, we still have the ability to repurchase shares in the fourth quarter with funds raised through the issuance of commercial paper. In fact, to-date in the fourth quarter, we have spent $64 million to buy 1.4 million shares. Although we have explored making a strategic acquisition, the probability of such a transaction in the near-term is unlikely. At our current share price we would be reluctant to issue equity and in the current market it would be difficult to issue a sizable debt offering in order to finance acquisition. Thus, given the current conditions, share repurchases and to some extent reduction of short-term debt will be the best use of our available cash. Those are my comments. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. We are lowering our guidance for operating earnings per share for 2008 to a range of $5.85 to $5.89 due to the unforeseen changes in the credit and equity markets. After tax variances from our previous guidance include lower underwriting income on our variable annuity business between $1.1 million and $2.4 million in the fourth quarter. Lower investment income of $1.2 million due to loss interest on Lehman Brothers, Washington Mutual and Fannie Mae bonds. Increased cost of commercial paper in the fourth quarter of $1.2 million and roughly $1.6 million of parent company expense related to an acquisition in which we have withdrawn from negotiations. In summary, we believe Torchmark is in good shape. Our core life businesses are growing sales at a double-digit pace during tough economic conditions and we continue to generate strong predictable cash flows and earnings. Those are my comments this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Jeff Schuman at KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Good morning. Wanted to come back to the issue of share repurchase. Obviously you do have very strong and steady cash flows which is a nice buffer and certainly the stock is very cheap. Is there any thought at this point, Gary, to maybe conserving capital for a while? I mean certainly I think in terms of trying to impress investors, all the conversations we have with investors at this point are in terms of measuring downside risk not so much in terms of who can kind of juice ROE or EPS the most next year so. Can you give us few more thoughts there please?
Gary Coleman: Jeff, we are not just buying the stock to be aggressive. The stock is trading  has been trading below book value that makes it a more compelling buy than even it has been in the past. We are not going to jeopardize our capital. We have spent $64 million in the fourth quarter. I wouldn't expect us to spend more than $30 million in the remainder of the quarter. If we went over that, I think we would start getting outside of the boundaries of our ratings. I think it would be wise to stop at that point. The additional commercial paper that we have used  the additional borrowing we are also not looking at leaving that out in a long period of time as 2009 gets underway and pre-cash  or cash starts coming up to the parent company. I think as I mentioned in my comments you will see as reducing our short-term debt. But it's just really more a matter of the price at the moment.
Mark McAndrew: We also, Jeff, took a very hard look at our downside risk before we made the decision to go out. We just think our downside risk is minimal.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Maybe just to complete the picture, in terms of capital management, I know, Gary, you mentioned that you were able to kind of do some transactions and manage the RBC ratio a little bit. Do you have additional flexibility to kind of manage RBC little bit structurally or not?
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think we do.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Any sense of how much that's worth?
Gary Coleman: Not offhand. It would  I think we've been fairly conservative with our regulatory capital and there is still some room there. I can't put a number on it at the moment.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar at JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Hi, thank you. I just have a question on your outlook for the ageing count especially at United American. It's been declining the last several quarters. When do you think it will bottom out and what are some of the things you are doing to try to improve that? And then with that if you could address your outlook for health insurance sales as well.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Jimmy, I wish I could be certain of where and when that will bottom out. The ageing count continues to decline. We are trying to move more of that production to Liberty National products which we're seeing some success with. But I really  I can't say with any certainty where and when it will bottom out. We are introducing a new under age 65 health insurance products started here in the last 30 days which we think will help that, but I wish I give you more guidance. It just comes down to, again, it's a very competitive and volatile market, and it's something at long-term, it's not a market that I really see as being a market that we want to be in long-term. So we are definitely spending most of our focus on the life and other supplemental health products that are more profitable and more persistent.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan:  And then just on the life business, have you seen any impact recently of the economy weakening on your sales, obviously, the numbers in the third quarter were pretty good.
Mark McAndrew: I haven't seen any  again, I think in the markets that we're in and the products we are selling true protection products, very simple products. We haven't seen any significant impact in our persistency of the business, and we are not seeing obviously, Liberty National sales were up 47%. American Income sales were strong. The only place we have seen anything, Jimmy, is in the insert media, in the direct response where these are more newspaper inserts and the coupon packs. We deal with a little lower income marketplace there. We have seen some decline in some response rates there although it's pretty well stabilized now. That's the only place we have seen anything. And again, as I mentioned earlier, actually, some of the product and pricing test that we have done in the third quarter we have seen very encouraging results as far as improving the profitability and improving the number of sales we are getting there. So I think that will offset that decline and we are  we sure like to see gas prices go down. I don't think any of our markets are affected by changes in the equity markets, but I do believe that lower gas prices can do nothing but help our markets.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:  Good morning. I must stay short of Jeff's theme. Your stock is down 45% in the last quarter and Mark and Gary, your story sounds like not much has changed and you are doing your thing and taking advantage of it, and clearly, you think the markets got it wrong. The whole markets got it wrong with respect to credit because you seem awfully relaxed about your exposure to that issue. Have you done any stress test or sensitivity analysis to test whether in fact the market is right on this, how bad things could get and you are still fine in the cash and  ?
Mark McAndrew: I will let Gary answer more fully. Yes, we have, Bob. It comes down to  we had a bad third quarter if you look at the write downs we had to take. But in looking we could sustain those same level of losses throughout every quarter, fourth quarter this year and every quarter next year and be fine. We would not have to raise equity. The unrealized losses that we see in our portfolio, again, we have the ability and the intent to hold those bonds. It doesn't affect our statutory earnings. We don't believe it's going to have any effect on us being able to dividend money up to the parent. Yes, we have looked at it quite a bit here in the last three months. Gary, you want to comment?
Gary Coleman: Just add to that, as Mark mentioned if we sustain $70 million of losses in the fourth quarter and each quarter next year, we can do that and still keep our capital at the insurance companies above the 300% level. What that would mean is our free cash flow would go toward staying in the companies if we had those extreme losses, we wouldn't have the share repurchases. But  our earnings growth wouldn't be as high. We would still have earnings growth. The key thing here is that our  the types of products we write are not subject to equity market swings. I mean, there is  very consistent and we look for our profits to be consistent going forward. So 
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:  I appreciate that. It's just that the credit markets have the bonds marked right we're going to have more Wachovia's in the next quarter. I am sure you are expecting some more if we go into recession. I mean if the BBB plus portfolio is going to start, have it some stress from cash flow and statutory perspective.
Gary Coleman: I look at this way. First of all, I think we do have  versus our peers, we have a high BBB exposure. But as I mentioned I think that's offset to large extent we have no equity, mortgage or real estate exposure. In addition, we have  we've done a great deal  We do a great deal of credit research not only when we buy but follow-up on our BBB bonds. We're comfortable with those bonds. The other thing I mentioned is if you look at our BBB bonds they are 48% of the portfolio. The unrealized losses for BBBs are 49% of the total unrealized losses. In other words, the unrealized losses are spread throughout the portfolios at all ratings and it's  I mean I would be more concerned if 49% were BBBs and we had 89% of the total unrealized losses of BBBs. I think I will be more concerned. But I think the fact that see the spread indicate that it is just reflective of illiquid market throughout and we think it's going to improve. I hate to think that is more concerning to us is that out of our $70 million loss that we booked this quarter, $50 million was in Lehman Brothers, and a week before it went in bankruptcy, Lehman was rated A. It was a surprise to everybody. Those are the ones that you can't predict. It concerns us there maybe some of those out there.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:  One last question, your debt to capital ratio year-over-year is up from 22 to 28. And mostly it's the AOCI [ph] hitting the denominator more than debt levels going up. Fourth quarter we are off to another sort of crappy start. Is there a debt to capital ratio that starts to become a material issue or not?
Gary Coleman: Well, if you exclude the ALCI [ph], it's  we are 22.6% which is in line with where we have been. And I know the rating agencies are looking at that. But they generally look at it excluding unrealized losses. So still even at 28% using that basis, I think we are probably okay.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:  There is no bank covenant issues  ?.
Gary Coleman: No, definitely no bank covenant issues at all.
Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:  Thank you, Gary.
Gary Coleman: Sure.
Operator: We will go next to Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thanks, everyone. I noticed from the press release that AIG was not included in the impairment this quarter. From Gary I was just hoping to get some color on that. How that decision was arrived at, maybe where those are and how you are looking at that exposure in particular, I think it's about $105 million.
Gary Coleman: Yes, it is $105 million. Randy, the $57 million of the $105 is bonds of the operating subsidiaries, and, of course, everybody is looking for those to be sold and assume that the bonds will go along with them. The other roughly $48 million is  $27 million is senior secured debt at the holding company and then another $22 million is junior subordinated debt at the holding company. Obviously, we have exposure there. The exposure is if they go into bankruptcy. We're not going to sell the bonds. And so at this point we do not write them down because at this point we don't have anything to indicate that they will go into bankruptcy and we are set to monitor that situation as we go forward.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay. Great. And then moving to commercial paper. Could you give color on how well you are able to roll that now? You quantified the higher expense for us which is very helpful, but maybe some color on how that market is moving and then how your ratings I believe are A1P2 might coincide with the CPFF, commercial paper funding facility that the Federal Reserve has organized, and if that would be something that you would consider accessing?
Gary Coleman: Yes, we would. You're right about the A1P2. But we also have an F1 from Fitch. And as a result of having those two higher ratings, we are eligible to be in the CPFF program and in fact, we have registered and we should be able to start accessing that market late next week. The situation regarding commercial paper prior to September 15th it was pretty easy. We just determined how much we needed, we got it immediately, we got pretty much whatever maturities we wanted to. It didn't go up more than 30 days. Since that time, we have been able to place the commercial paper that we needed. In fact, we have issued more than has matured. But we are seeing maturities more in the 10  we are seeing it for a while just one day paper. But we  now, it's more in the 10, 11 day maturities and as I mentioned the price has gone up. We were  our interest rate there was less than 3% prior and now it's closer to 6%. So we have been able to place the paper. We are paying quite a bit more. Now what the CPFF will do for us when we get involved with that. We will be eligible to sell up to $300 million of commercial paper. It will be 90-day paper. As you probably know the rate that we paid on that is an overnight rate index plus a spread and today that rate is about 3%. So as we are able to payoff the CP that's out right now and then borrow into the CPFF, we will see our rate transition from the 6% level for the first half of the quarter to more of a 3% rate towards the end of the quarter.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  And that's 3% all in index plus spread and then  is that correct?
Gary Coleman: That's correct. That's today. That rate will change. But where it stands today it's about 3%.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  I mean so I guess the CPFF I think last forever. So is it  how do you view it as a transition to more normal credit markets? Are you committed to continuing to use short-term debt on the balance sheet or would you want to transition out and rely more on kind of the natural cash flow of the organization?
Gary Coleman: Historically, our short-term debt has averaged around $200 million. Going over $300 million has been an unusual event for us. And really, we use it  the timing of our cash flow is coming up from the insurance companies, varies, and so we use it just for short-term needs. I don't think that's going to vary going forward. I think the last under the CPFF the last paper can be issued in April, late April, and so really  and that's 90 days. So what  between now and the end of June next year, we will be using that program, if nothing else, one, to reduce our costs that we are paying down to commercial paper and then secondly, we also  we would rather not draw on our bank line. We haven't done that. And this program will help us lower the cost without having to draw on that bank loan. But overall, I think we're not going to ramp up all the full $300 million under this program and borrow the full amount we can under our short-term line. I think in the long run you will see that commercial paper going back to about $200 million average.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Just real quick, can you remind us what the bank line is?
Gary Coleman: Pardon?
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  What's the capacity of the bank line?
Gary Coleman: Our bank line is  we have $600 million line, we have $200 million dedicated to letter of credit. So the least $400 million for either borrowing or back up for commercial paper.
Randy Binner  FBR Capital Markets:  Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  Good morning. Wanted to just come back to the question of free cash flow and how you are thinking about the environment. So if the plan is to have $300 million of free cash flow, I assume that contemplates very little credit losses for ' 09. I just wanted to get clarification of that.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I'm saying $300 million plus with no credit losses.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  Okay. So essentially, what we can think about is $300 million after tax credit losses on a static counting basis being the thing that would start wipe out your free cash flow for the year. So on a free tax basis what the $450 million which would be what 4% to 5% of your entire investment portfolio. Is that the right way to think about the stress test here?
Gary Coleman: Yes.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  Okay. The other question is have you had any discussions with the rating agencies just in terms of continuing your buy back and whether or not that could put some pressure on your ratings?
Gary Coleman: We've had just some preliminary discussions, but nothing in detail. We have  I think they have a good feel for our risk profile. The way we look at that free cash  that is free cash. If we need to put some back into the insurance companies to maintain our capital not only from a regulatory standpoint but also from the rating agencies, we can do that. We have the flexibility to do so. So  to answer your question, we haven't had in-depth discussions. We will probably do that later. But we don't have anything that will restrict us.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  And can you talk a little bit about how important ratings are to your franchise? The reason I ask that is you've got some other life insurers who have pretty good capital positions even further truing up their  or strengthening their capital positions over sort of prospective fear of any negative rating actions. Can you talk a little bit about how the balancing act? How important is your rating and how you sort of view that with your planning process here?
Mark McAndrew:  Gary, I will address it on the marketing side. In the markets that we're in and  again, we're not really marketing any investment type products. We're really selling small face amount life insurance primarily in middle and lower middle income markets. The only rating we've been advertise is A best rating which is A plus. If that rating were to drop a notch to A, I don't think it would have any impact at all on our life sales. We don't want to see it drop, but I don't see any impact on the marketing side of any ratings change.
Gary Coleman: I would add  I mentioned that our commercial paper ratings are A1P2 and F1. We would definitely like to keep two of those at the one level. So that's a consideration.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then last question more on the business side. So is it fair to say with the very weak health insurance sales and barring something unusual as we think about '09 we will see premium revenue on the health side decline double-digits? Only because you are seeing much larger decline in sales which should be a leading indicator of where premium revenue goes next year. Would that be a fair conclusion at this point?
Mark McAndrew: It's  again, we will give more guidance on the next call. It's really difficult to say. It's possible. Again, I don't think you will see underwriting margins decline because the premiums that we're losing are the least profitable premiums we got out there. And it's just difficult to predict at this point. But it's possible that we could see double-digit declines in health premiums, but I don't think we will see that in health margins. But again, we will give more guidance on that on the next call.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to John Nadel, Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  Hi, good morning, everybody. Mark, maybe just a quick philosophical question for you. If the businesses is less impacted or not impacted at an A rating versus an A plus or versus  let's say a low AA, I guess I wonder why not manage the  from especially from a capital management perspective to the A rating?
Mark McAndrew: Well, as far as  we pay more attention to the S&P and Moody's ratings as far as our credit concerned and Gary, you can address that. Those are more important to us 
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  For the holding company, right?
Mark McAndrew: Right.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  And then I guess A.M. Best obviously on the insurance side? Okay.
Mark McAndrew: Yes. We do take pride in A plus, but if there was a compelling reason that we decided to manage to an A rating, but we are basically already dividending out the statutory earnings each year from the subsidiary companies and that's really we're able to maintain an A plus rating by doing so.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  Okay. A follow-up question maybe on the investment portfolio and thinking about a little bit of sensitivity around the risk-based capital ratio. Mindful that a fair amount of the portfolio at the insurance subsidiaries is in BBB category, if  in the sensitivities that you discussed a little bit earlier in the Q&A, have you taken a look at the sensitivity to your risk-based capital levels? Should you see downgrades from the BBB to a BB or below rating category and what that means from a risk-based capital perspective? How much of that can you sustain?
Gary Coleman: To answer your question, no, we haven't looked at that. Well, I say that, our projections take in, in fact that we at times do have downgrades. We haven't, we didn't go in and stress test that we would have a big multiple of more downgrades. We didn't do that, but we haven't seen that so far and if we do we will revise the test. I'm not sure how much impact that will have. We will take a look at it.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  Okay. I think I understand that the capital charges, I guess they become increasingly difficult the lower the rating category.
Gary Coleman: They do. It's just  again, we just haven't seen  matter of fact we had less downgrades this quarter than we had the prior which is well, we certainly hadn't that many downgrades in the lower investment grade portfolio.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  Okay. And then finally, Mark, I wouldn't necessarily expect you to name the company you were looking at. But  can you give us a sense for, to the extent that there was  and it sounds like there is a lot of at least discussion of various opportunities out there. Maybe some significantly bigger in size and maybe more out of your comfort zone, but could you give us a sense for where you most interested, what sort of deal characteristics would be important in terms of metrics especially around accretion? Would you be willing to suffer some dilution or no?
Mark McAndrew: We were willing to. When we started looking at this particular company, the  it was not in the current environment. Our stock was up around $63 a share and the credit markets we felt comfortable we could raise the cash at a reasonable price. But it all went away. So in this environment we don't  we basically put that on the back burner. Because  are we willing to issue equity at our current price? No, I'm not willing to issue equity to make an acquisition at the current stock price and also the credit markets are such, as Gary mentioned, we couldn't raise the capital anyway. So unless it was the size of an acquisition that we could basically make with our free cash in the next 12 months, anything larger than that at this point we couldn't do if we wanted to. The valuations that you are seeing are very attractive, but we just  we wouldn't be willing to take that credit risk.
John Nadel  Sterne, Agee:  Yes. Understood. Thanks very much for the openness.
Operator: And we will go next to Maria Panamar [ph] at New York Life.
Maria Panamar  New York Life: Hi. I have several questions. The first one is if you could address liquidity at the holding company and how you intend to refinance the August '09 debt maturity?
Gary Coleman: We have a $100 million coming due. And at this point our preference would be to refinance that. If it is happening today, it would be difficult to do that. We would have to use our free cash flow to retire that debt. But that's  in August when that comes about and when we get to that point, hopefully, the debt markets will be open again and we can refinance it. If not, we may have to allocate a hundred million of our free cash flow to retire.
Maria Panamar  New York Life: With regards to your bank line, are there any restrictions there whether  could you talk about any restrictions as it relates to either ratings or leverage or net worth?
Gary Coleman: There are regarding net worth and leverage, but we are not anywhere near approaching those. We are well within our covenants.
Maria Panamar  New York Life: Could you talk about what those covenants might be?
Gary Coleman: I don't recall at the moment. But I know that there  again, I can't recall the exact ones but we're well within it.
Maria Panamar  New York Life: And just a liquidity of the holding company, how much cash you might have there?
Gary Coleman: As far as cash, we have very low cash at the holding company at the moment. As I mentioned we've  the free cash flow for this year, we've used for share repurchases today. We don't have assets at the holding company. All our assets are down in the insurance companies, but we do  as far as liquidity at the holding company, we do have the bank line I mentioned earlier and the ability to issue commercial paper under that bank line and that's what we are using for liquidity at the moment.
Maria Panamar  New York Life: Okay. And then just finally, you have some preferred stocks in your portfolio. What industry would those  are those also financials, redeemable preferred stock?
Gary Coleman: Yes, the bulk of those are financials. I don't have that right here in front of me. But I know they are mostly in banks and insurance companies.
Maria Panamar  New York Life: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Steven Schwartz, Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Hey, good morning, everybody. So no intention of recreating 1990 and going back after American General?
Mark McAndrew:  If you can tell me how I can raise that much money  yes, if you can guarantee me loans that I can issue equity at $60 a share, we would be happy to go look at it.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay, I will remember that if the stock goes back up. A couple of questions here. Gary, first, you were moving along pretty fast. You stated a number I think it was the percentage of the increase in the unrealized loss that was due to downgrades. Could you give that number again?
Gary Coleman: Okay, I must have been going fast. We said that 85% of the increase in the unrealized losses from the second quarter were in bonds where there was no change in rating. There was no downgrade.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Being 15%. Okay. Following up under this question of AIG it sounded your impairment policy was  if the underlying company entered bankruptcy or not. I don't know if this is accurate or not but S&L has you having about 41 million or so of National City, maybe if that is accurate, maybe you can discuss that and what your thoughts are there vis--vis impairment?
Gary Coleman: Yes, we do have 47 million. There again as far as our analysis is that that we don't think they are not going into bankruptcy, that there is not an impairment at this time. There is a possibility that that will happen, but we are again  as we mentioned, we are not going to be selling these type assets. It's going to be whether they do go into bankruptcy.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Okay. And then I don't remember. Is Rosemary there by any chance?
Rosemary Montgomery: I am here.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Hi, Rosemary. Could you in the second quarter  if I remember correctly, you had a little bit of a mortality issue. Maybe you can address how things turned out in the third quarter. I heard there was no mention and then I think your bidding is done for Part D. Maybe you can touch on an outlook for Part D in '09?
Rosemary Montgomery: Sure. Yes, for the second quarter, we had mortality issues that we talked about in three of our lines, Liberty National direct response and I believe United investors and of the first two, the claims did come back down as we had predicted. So we didn't see any mortality issues remain there. United investors did still have higher claims in the third quarter than what we had anticipated. However, we had gone back and done a little bit more analysis of that and that's just a line that has high average size policies, but low volume in terms of claims. So it can fluctuate. And we went back and looked at the higher average size claims, ones over $250,000 and that's really where the fluctuation was. It wasn't a fluctuation in terms of number of claims to any great extent.
Mark McAndrew: If I could, Rosemary, just add in looking back at the prior two years, 2006, 2007, claims over $250,000 at United investors, we average one a month. In the second and third quarter this year we average 3 months. But those were on average roughly $400,000 claim. And that is the fluctuation. The claims under $250,000 that very stable, and so we continue  I continue to believe that it's just a blip, but  sorry, Rosemary, go ahead.
Rosemary Montgomery: That's fine. In regard to Part D, we really aren't anticipating any much difference in terms of what we're going to do in 2009. Our products are going to be pretty similar. We didn't change the rate a whole lot. We have lowered our benefit structure. We lowered our co-pays because of expected improvement in the discounts that we're getting off of the drug costs. We are expecting still that our underwriting margin will continue to be 11% next year. As far as the outlook for the fourth quarter of this year, I had originally anticipated that due to the discounts that we were going to get off of the drugs that we would also show a 15% underwriting margin for the fourth quarter. However, our actual to expected for this year is running a little bit over 1. And now I don't think that we are really going to see that 15% continue into the fourth quarter and it will probably go back down to the level it was in the first six months of this year.
Steven Schwartz  Raymond James: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will go next to Lynn David [ph] at KBW Asset Management.
Lynn David  KBW Asset Management:  Hi. Thanks, guys. Did you mention at the beginning of the call that you did some intercompany transactions that helped RBC? Can you give us how much they helped RBC and if you can explain a little more about what kind of transactions they were, little more detail?
Gary Coleman: As I mentioned it involved reinsurance and monetization of agents receivables, agents balances are not admitted for regulatory capital purposes and we were able to sell those intercompany to one of our companies that's where we can admit them. That was  I think that's probably $20 million plus that we were able to increase capital. The reinsurance was I think a little over $50 million of additional capital that we were able to do there. Again, those are  as I mentioned earlier, there is  there maybe some more capacity there. We are trying to be conservative when doing that.
Lynn David  KBW Asset Management:  On the reinsurance, is that done through a third party or done through sub?
Gary Coleman: This is all intercompany.
Lynn David  KBW Asset Management:  So you got some subsidiaries that are over capitalized still. Is that what you are saying?
Gary Coleman: We have a Bermuda company. It's a Torchmark company. When we do the reinsurance, we are transferring  we are reinsuring policies that have deficiency reserves in the United American, Liberty National, we are reinsuring those with our Bermuda company, and Bermuda company is not required to set up a deficiency reserves. A lot of people do that with outside reinsurance. We just certainly do it inside. The cost to us doing that is we have to have letters of credit to support the amount of the insurance, but that's a very low cost. And so, this doing that reinsurance is a low cost way of increasing the statutory surplus of Liberty National, United American globe.
Lynn David  KBW Asset Management:  Got you. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will go next to John Lanford [ph], Royal Capital [ph].
John Lanford  Royal Capital:  Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just another question on the investment book. If you look at the roughly $600 million increase in mark-to-market charges that occurred in the third quarter and roll that forward, obviously given the volatility we have had thus far this month, any estimate of what the charge would be today?
Gary Coleman: Well, we have done an estimate. We think that we were $1.4 billion of net earned losses at the end of September, we think that would be $1.9 billion now.
John Lanford  Royal Capital:  Okay. So roughly another $500 million, right? And can you talk a little bit about how that actually would  is that offset at all by some back write ups or how that would actually manifest itself in your book value?
Gary Coleman: There is just a small amount of a back offset. Because we have very little business that's asset accumulation type business where you have that situation. So really it's immaterial as to how much of that part of it is.
John Lanford  Royal Capital:  Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will go next to Jeff Schuman at KBW.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: Thanks, again. Just wanted to clean up a few numbers. When you were talking about the changed guidance I think you mentioned its impact, the variable annuities of 1.1 million  to 2.4 million. I wasn't sure. Is that a delta that we should apply towards your normal run rate? Is that what we should do?
Mark McAndrew: Well, obviously that depends on what the stock market does between now and year end, but that's kind of the range that we see the potential in the fourth quarter. Obviously if the Dow goes back to 11,000, we won't have those losses, but Rosemary, you want to comment?
Rosemary Montgomery: Yes, I would like to add one additional thing. That was definitely related to two things really. We had been seeing higher than expected lapses in that line. So that takes that into account, but also the bulk of it really is based on the fund balances. It does depend on what would happen to that in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Schuman  KBW: I wasn't quite sure what the numbers meant. Is that a delta versus a run rate or it's an estimation that you would actually lose 
Mark McAndrew: We were anticipating underwriting margins of about $750,000 in the fourth quarter. Yes, it would translate  not all of that would be a loss, but we are now expecting to take a loss in that line of business in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Okay. And that view is as of 930 or as of more recently given the subsequent market decline?
Rosemary Montgomery: It's actually as of 930 with some estimate as to what we think could happen as of year-end.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Okay. And then  I'm not sure I transcribed very well. Did you specify an amount for the impact of the lower investment income on the securities?
Mark McAndrew: Yes, it was $1.2 million after tax.
Jeff Schuman  KBW:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Hall of Wachovia.
John Hall  Wachovia: Thanks very much. I'm just going to go back to the topic of acquisition and capital, a little bit now. I wanted to be clear about your walking away from the deal was a function of financing as opposed to pricing or anything else?
Mark McAndrew: Yes.
John Hall  Wachovia:  Secondly, as you look at that M&A environment, how would you categorize sort of the pricing environment? Are public multiples at a lower point than what private multiples are? Are they roughly in sync?
Gary Coleman: The multiples that you are willing to pay  again, acquisitions, the size you are talking about with AIG, most anyone is going to have to raise some equity to make that type of acquisition and if  when you look at the price you would have to issue equity at, it obviously lowers the price you are willing to pay in an acquisition. So yes, the multiples that you are seeing for potential acquisitions are coming down, have come down.
John Hall  Wachovia:  Great. I was just wondering, you had mentioned possible use of cash as buying in debt. I was just wondering what the decision process would lead you in that direction to do that?.
Gary Coleman: No, I was referring to there was a question there we have $100 million of maturity of our debt in August of 2009. It would be our intention to refinance that but it would be difficult to do that in today's market and if conditions persist I hope they don't, but if they do, still in August of '09 it's still this difficult, then we can instead of  if the refinancing was too costly or difficult to get, then we could use a portion of our free cash flow to pay the maturity.
John Hall  Wachovia:  Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question comes from Richard Weiner [ph] at Citadel Investment Group.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group: Great. Thank you very much. Actually, this is Dan Johnson. On  going back to just a quick question on impairment policy. On Page 13 of the supplement I think is where you got your $1.4 billion to the broken out by asset category. I think if I understand right, generally on the corporate and again on the preferreds, the intent is not to impair until effectively you think the company  the company issuing the bond will be going bankrupt or unless you intend to sell the security. I just wanted to frame that right before going and asking my question.
Gary Coleman: Well, that's  it's maybe a little more involved than that, but I think what we have to look at is we've got these losses. If we were going to sell all our bonds, we would realize those losses. So we would either realize them by selling them or we have to do an impairment if we were going to sell them. Our position is we buy and hold to maturity. So as long as  when maturity comes they pay off the bonds, then if the market value is half the par value for that, it really doesn't make any difference. So when we are  when we are looking at this, we are trying to see what the net realizable value is going to be of the bonds and there is  indicates Lehman obviously going into bankruptcy there we are not going to recover the full value. We are going to recover something, but not the full value. But when looking at other bonds that maybe  again, their market price maybe 50% of their book, well, that's more of a sign of the market. If we were going to sell today, we would get $0.50 on the dollar, but we are not going to sell and as long as their fundamentals look good and we don't see  it looks like they will go into bankruptcy, we are not going to do other than temporary  in our minds it's not are their temporary impaired and we're not going to write it down.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group:  Regardless of the age at which those are I guess that in your mind at an unrealistically depressed price?
Gary Coleman: Right.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group:  So let's go under the CDO. You fair valued the CDO down about 80%. Two questions. One, can you remind us of the underlying collateral of that CDO and given that that's not a single entity that you can determine whether or not they are going to go to bankrupt  become bankrupt. What is the test to decide whether or not that $100 million of unrealized loss would become considered other than temporary?
Gary Coleman: Well, the underlying collateral on those securities are, as I mentioned earlier, trust preferred issued by banks and insurance companies, primarily  I think there is a small amount of other. We have a pretty high tranche in our stress testing, it would be substantial defaults before if we get to the point where it would affect our tranche. So but when you put that out to different brokers, what would they pay for those at particular time or what would people pay for them, again, the market is affecting it. But when you are talking about whether we are going to recover our value at this point we think their money good.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group:  The A minus rating on that CDO was that the original rating or is that I guess current rating?
Gary Coleman: No, that's a current rating.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group:  Has that been marked down over the last year in terms of rating downgrade?
Gary Coleman: No, I don't believe it has. Again, there is  we have got  there is three or four and as I mentioned the lowest is BBB, but overall they are A minus.
Dan Johnson  Citadel Investment Group:  Thank you very much.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark McAndrew: Well, those are our comments for today. Thanks for joining us and we will talk to you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew - Chairman and CEO Gary Coleman - CFO Rosemary Montgomery - Chief Actuary
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers Mark Finklestein - FPK Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers Mark Finklestein - FPK Jeff Schuman - KBW [Call Starts Abruptly]
Mark McAndrew: Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer. Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary, and Mike Majors, Vice President of investor relations provide this report. Some of my comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly please refer to our 2007 10-K which is on file with the SEC.  Net operating income for the second quarter was $131 million or $1.44 per share, a per share increase of 7% from a year ago. Our return on equity was 15.6% for the quarter and our book value per share was $37.93, up 11% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations premium revenue grew by 4% to $406.5 million and our life underwriting margin increased 3% to $104 million. Life insurance net sales were $76 million, up 13% from the second quarter of 2007.  At American Income, life premiums grew 9% to $119 million. Life underwriting margin was up 11% to $38 million. Life net sales increased 21% to $28 million with first year collected life premiums growing 11% to $21 million. The agent count at American Income was up 17% from a year ago to 2,805. Sales growth at American Income continued to accelerate in the second quarter as a result of increased recruiting and improved retention of new agents. The results at American Income are pleasing so we and remain very optimistic in regards to both our short and long-term growth prospects.  In our direct response operation, life premiums were up 7% to $129 million, and life underwriting margin grew 2% to $30 million. Life net sales again increased 8% to $32 million and were in line with our expectations. We expect to continue to see sales growth in the 5% to 10% range for the balance of this year. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 3% to $72 million and life underwriting margin was also down 3% to $16 million. Life net sales jumped 34% from a year ago to $12 million. Our producing agents grew to 3189, up 64% in the past year.  The sales growth at Liberty National is significantly exceeding my expectations. The bonus compensation programs we have put in place are working well, and a new need based laptop sales presentation has been very well received by both our agents as well as our customers. We believe we will continue to see sales growth at Liberty National in excess of 30% for the second half of this year. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 6% to $242 million and health underwriting margin declined 5% to $44 million. Health net sales dropped 41% to $38 million. The decline in health sales was again primarily attributable to the United American Branch Office operation, where health net sales were down 53%.  On the last call, I expressed an expectation that our agent count would flatten during the second quarter, but I was wrong and the decline continued. The health insurance market United American is the only market we serve that is highly competitive. As a result of this competition we have seen huge swings in our sales results for more than 20 years. The non-Medicare health business at United American is also the least persistent, highest risk and least profitable business we write.  Going forward, we are going to focus our efforts on shifting this distribution system to other product lines ar more persistent , less risky and yield higher profit margins. We have introduced Liberty National life and work site supplemental health products to the Branch Office operation. While we will continue to offer our current product portfolio, in fact we are filing a new under age 65 health product this quarter.  The majority of our financial incentives will be used to encourage sales of the Liberty National product line. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was down 19% for the quarter to $44.5 million. Underwriting margin declined 9% to $5.4 million. Due to a renegotiated contract with our Pharmacy Benefits Manager, we expect underwriting margins on this block of business to increase roughly $1 million per quarter for the balance of this year. Administrative expenses increased 3% for the quarter to $38 million, primarily the result of increased pension expense. We continue to expect an increase in administrative expenses for full year 2008 of roughly 1%.  Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer gives his comments on our investment operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Mark. I want to spend a few minutes discussing investments, excess investment income and share repurchases. First on our investments, we have $9.5 million of bonds and amortized costs which comprise 95% of invested assets. Of those bonds, 92% are corporate bonds and hybrid securities. Less than 1% are in residential or commercial mortgage-backed securities and none of those are backed by sub prime or Alt-A mortgages. The low investment grade bonds as a percentage of invested asset declined to 6.2%, the lowest percentage since the second quarter of 2000. Overall the portfolio is rated A-minus, same as a year ago.  Regarding new investments, we invest almost exclusively in investment grade corporate bond and hybrid securities. In the second quarter, we invested $241 million at an average annual effective yield of 7.04%, an average rating of a plus, and an average life depending on future costs of between 23 and 32 years. This compares to the 6.77% yield, A-rating in 20 to 33 year average life of bonds acquired in the second quarter of last year. This is the third consecutive quarter that the new money yield exceeded 7% and also exceeded the portfolio yield. The average yield on the portfolio in the second quarter was 6.98%, two basis points higher than the second quarter of 2007 and virtually the same as it has been for the last four sequential quarters.  To turn to excess investment income. It was $84 million, up 5% or $4 million. However, on a per share basis, excess investment income increased 12% which reflects the effect of our share repurchase program. Excess investment income of course is the net investment income less the interest cost on the net policy liabilities and the financing costs for our debt. The year-over-year comparison of each component is as follows. First, net investment income was up $7 million. This represents a 4.4% increase in income just slightly lower than the 4.8% increase in average invested assets. Next, the interest cost of the net policies increased $5 million or 8% due primarily to a 7% increase in the average liabilities.  Lastly, the financing costs were down $2 million, due to the lower short-term borrowing amount and also lower interest rates. Regarding our share repurchase program in the quarter, we spent $89 million to buy $1.5 million Torchmark shares. For the year, we've used $235 million to buy just fewer than four million shares. This is comparable to the $298 million used to buy 4.5 million shares in the first half of 2007. We used free cash flow at the holding company to fund our stock repurchases. In 2008, we expect net free cash flow to be around $350 million. With our debt at an appropriate level and again given the lower interest rate environment we feel that the best use of our free cash would be a strategic acquisition. Without the acquisition, then share repurchases will be the best use of our available cash.  
Mark McAndrew:  For the second quarter, we missed the consensus estimate of our earnings per share by $0.03 and we missed our own estimates by about $0.015 cents due to higher than expected life claims paid during the quarter. We expect these claims to return to more normalized levels for the balance of the year. Additional money is being contributed by the new Part D Pharmacy Benefits Manager contract; we continue to expect our full year earnings per share to be in the range we stated last quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. For those of us who will be joined by the telephone today, today's question-and-answer-session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I just have a couple of questions. The first one is on your outlook for producing agent growth at American Income and Liberty National. I think sequentially you were up almost 10% in those channels. What sort of growth rate do you expect in that going forward?  Then secondly on M&A, you've talked about wanting to do a deal for a while, haven't found anything. Do you see any opportunities in the market, whether it's distressed sales or just company selling non-core businesses?
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Jimmy, I'm very encouraged by both American Income and Liberty National. Again, we had over 20% growth in sales at American Income for the quarter. I think with the compensation programs we have in place and the direction we're heading, I expect to see at least the balance this year and into next year, I think we've got some other things, some other plans that will continue to allow that type of growth to continue.  Liberty National, I think is going to surprise people. They had 34% growth this quarter. Although it's just gotten us back to where we were before we made the major changes two years ago. The momentum we have there is extremely good. Again, this new software we put together for the new laptop presentation, it's improved our closing rates. Its really been received well. When I say I expect 30% or more growth there the second half of this year, I think that's on the conservative side. I think we can continue that type of growth. I think over the next year, Liberty National is going to surprise people. On the M&A activity, Jimmy, I really can't comment about any specific activity. We continue to think there are opportunities out there. But I can't really comment beyond that.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Just one follow-up on the health side. Do you see a turnaround anytime soon, either the agent count our just you returning to flat sales or sales growth at least over the next two to three quarters or not?
Mark McAndrew: We expect them to level out again. But right now, our projections. We're still in the branch office. We're still expecting about another additional 10% off of where we were this quarter. It started to come back in the fourth. But again, we really are going to use this opportunity to try to shift that into another marketplace. Again, the volatility of those sales, it is extremely competitive, highly regulated and it is the least profitable business we have. It is a good opportunity for us to really make an effort to shift that production into more persistent profitable business.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ed Spehar with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. Had a couple of questions. First, Mark, on the sales strength in the life business, when do you think about the health business being less persistent and the sales being down much more than what you were thinking, is the strength, the better than expected life sales in your eyes enough to offset sort of the weakness in the health that we're thinking about kind of earnings over the next, beyond this year just generally?
Mark McAndrew: I'm glad you asked that, Ed because actually in fact, if you can try to follow these numbers, I want to go through a little example. If we compare the American Income life insurance to the Branch Office health. If you look at our financials, the life business at American Income has a 32% underwriting margin versus 13% in the Branch Health. Now if we just assume 6% administrative expenses, that says we have 26% underwriting profit at American Income on their life business versus 7% in the underage health business. That means that for every dollar of premium we collect, the American Income business is almost four times as profitable. But beyond that, the average life of the business at American Income is more than double what it is in the United American underage health sales. So for every dollar of new sales at American Income is worth almost, actually over $8 worth of health sales in the Branch office.  So the additional $5 million of sales we picked up at American Income would be roughly equivalent to $40 million of underage health sales in the branch office, so will offset? Yes, in fact, if I look at the additional $5 million we picked up there, plus Liberty National's life business is about five times as profitable per dollar of new sales. So the additional $3 million of sales we picked up there, more than offsets, in fact, it would offset if all of our health sales at United American disappeared. The growth in sales we're seeing at American Income and Liberty National would offset all of the lost profitability. You follow that?
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. That's extremely helpful. I guess the second thing I wanted to ask is on the unusual number of claims in a few different distribution channels I think a few pennies off of a consensus number for our financial services company is probably not considered a big deal in most instances these days. But when you look at your company and the stability of earnings, this was a bigger miss than what you would normally see. So I'm wondering if you can give additional color on why we should be comfortable that this is just an aberration, a bad mortality quarter, and maybe give us some color on, where the claims are coming from. Is it old books versus new books, is there any different types of products versus what you historically sold? Anything, would be help on that. 
Mark McAndrew: I'll turn it over to Rosemary in a minute. Although I would say, Ed yes, we did miss consensus by $0.03. But, if I compare to where our estimates that we used in our guidance, we were about 1.5 cents less. But I will let Rosemary talk more about the claims. Rosemary?
Rosemary Montgomery: Okay. We did have higher claims than expected and it was actually in three different lines. I would say that the reasons are actually different for those three lines. As far as direct response is concerned, in terms of the analysis that we've been able to do so far, we really have not seen any kind of a trend emerging that would cause us to think that our underlying mortality assumptions are off, and so we really do not anticipate that the level going forward for underwriting income would be about what it was in the first quarter of this year.  As far as the next line would be Liberty National, where we had higher claims than anticipated, and we've always had variance among the quarters in terms of what our underwriting income our profits are for that line. Last year we saw more of the variance than what we had been used to seeing. We really hadn't anticipated that would actually continue for 2008. But, what we're seeing now for 2008 really is pretty close to the pattern that we saw in 2007 for Liberty National.  So we're actually anticipating that the remainder of 2008 is going to really mimic more of 2007 and so that the underwriting income will actually come up in the second two quarters there.
Mark McAndrew: Rosemary, I also know, the July paid claims of Liberty National have come back in line with September. 
Rosemary Montgomery:  Yeah. Actually I was going to mention that, too. Actually in all of the lines the July claims based on what we have so far, really are looking better, as they are lower than what they had been before.  The third line where we had higher claims and what we were anticipating is in the other category. That actually is coming from United Investors. United investors have a much higher average size. So, it really doesn't take much of a fluctuation in the number of claims for the dollars to fluctuate.  But it you look at that line and you compare the first six months of 2008 to the first six months of 2007, we're actually in about the same place even though the individual quarters have fluctuated more. So, we're anticipating really that we're going to finish the year in that other category as consistent with what we saw in 2007.
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Just Rosemary, back on the Liberty National, I understand that the 2Q was elevated last year as well. But is there something going that suggests that this is going to be an annual event or what makes you comfortable that there isn't something else happening in the mortality in Liberty National?
Rosemary Montgomery:  Well, as I said really, in terms of the analysis we've done so far, we just really haven't seen any trends emerge. There is no one product that's really emerging that looks like it's a problem. And Liberty National has always had variation among the quarters.
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  In fact, for the last several years we've seen prior paid claims in the first half of the year, than we have in the second half.
Rosemary Montgomery: Right. There is just a little bit more pronounced than what it had been. But it really is tracking with what 2007 did.
Ed Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good morning everyone. You guys are not the type of company that goes and hires Mackenzie consultants and does strategic reviews and announces like major changes in strategy which I sort of find refreshing actually compared to most of the other companies that we follow.  But Mark, I'm just trying to see whether your comment on switching to health emphasis to lets say from individual, is major long-term change or just a time-out pause? We can't make much money in health because the metrics, margins and persistency on life versus health are not new numbers. Those are numbers that have been around for as long as I've been involved in the company. But it sounds like you guys have made a pretty significant change in strategy that may be more than just a one-quarter response to market competition.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I would agree with that, Bob. Is it a quick fix? No. It will take sometime to do it actually. One of the things is we're very encouraged with the model we put together at Liberty International, the compensation, the products, the sales presentation. We're seeing extremely good results there.  So much of our sales come from new agents. All of our distributions, roughly half of our sales come from really agents in our first six months. So by focusing even just on our new hires and training them and using this sales presentation, these products, we can see over the next year to two years a significant movement.  Why haven't we done it before now? One, when sales are growing by 50%, it's kind of hard to rock the boat too much. Aso, if I look back a year ago, two years ago, our life distribution systems were not performing, at least to my satisfaction. It is a good opportunity to do this. We've battled that health market; we're not going to abandon it, but it has just seen huge fluctuations over the last 20 years. It is highly competitive, and it is highly regulated.  So, I just think now is the time to do it. The thought was, over the next year we were going to merge the two entities, and we still have plans to do that. It's a good time for the United American agents to begin getting comfortable with Liberty National products. Although we will continue to allow them to offer the products they currently have.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Do you have any other products that you don't manufacture in this work site to broaden it out or do you think you have the full arsenal of products?
Mark McAndrew: At Liberty National we offer a couple of outside products. But the vast majority of the sales come from products we have, that we manufacture.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Last question, just on the acquisition front, it was a quarter or two ago that you said you might do a deal that would take you out of share repurchase for a year or two but you charged ahead at a little slower than last year's pace. Is there a read that that's a big acquisition that would take you on a cash flow needs for buyback? Did you think it might have been there 
Mark McAndrew: Well, Bob, again, I can't comment on our acquisition activity. We're being more selective this year. Last year, we did heavily weight our stock repurchase in the first half of the year. With the volatility we're seeing in the market and in our stock price, we're being a little more selective at what price we're buying it at. So, we're spreading it out a little more and we're not going to stop our share repurchase unless we do find a good acquisition. So we're continuing to repurchase shares.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  Thank you very much, Mark.
Operator: Then our next question is from Stephen Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James: I just wanted to follow up on what Bob asked in the restructuring of branch. Mark, put this in the right way, you're going to be increasing the incentives on the life side. Is that correct? You are trying to get these guys over to the LNL products?
Mark McAndrew:  Well, we are already at Liberty National.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James: I am talking about actually the Liberty National Product. 
Mark McAndrew: I'm just saying, at liberty national we have put together some very strong bonus incentives there which is part of the reason we're seeing the growth that we're seeing at Liberty National. We will put those same incentives in for the United American agents, which the opportunity for them to make a very good living, selling life insurance, is definitely there. The compensation per sale, we feel good about. So, we are going to continue to really try to direct those sales in that direction.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James:  Okay, let me ask you this. Because I would imagine an independent sales guy who specializes in health wants to continue specialize in health, he would just take his business elsewhere. These are obviously branch agents. Is there something in the branch, some kind of deal or something like that, if they're not happy with the way things are going that would still keep them with you?
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, the veteran agents that we have, we're not taking products away from them. In fact, as I mentioned we're actually filing a new health product this quarter that we'll probably have out in the fourth quarter. We're not trying to run those people off and don't intend to. We will continue to provide them with products to write. But for newly hired agents, we're sure going to try to move them into writing the Liberty National product line.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James: Sure
Mark McAndrew: Again within six months, a substantial portion of our sales come from agents that have been recruited in the past six months.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James: That's true. Is there going to be any changes on the under 65 health side in commissions?
Mark McAndrew: I don't think there is. We are looking at that, but we haven't, there's no definitive decision being made there.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Burke with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. With respect to the incentives that you mentioned Mark, to encourage new agents hired at United American to sell Liberty products, are you talking about Liberty life products or health products?
Mark McAndrew: Well, both. We're putting out basically the Liberty National portfolio to them. Again, we're trying to encourage both individual life sales as well as worksite sales. About 40% of Liberal National sales are worksite, both supplemental health as well as life and so all of the entire product line is being introduced. But again, the need-based sales presentation that Andy King has put together for the Liberty National agents has made the training and actually the closing rates that we're seeing at Liberty National are far superior to what we've seen in the past and we think it's going to be much easier to recruit and train and make agents successful in the United American Branch Office as a result of that sales tool also.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers: Do you think that the health insurance business can, I'm still trying to get a sense of the outlook for the health business at United American and in particular, with the making of available to the United American agents of Liberty Health products, do you think that will make a difference?
Mark McAndrew: Well, yes, I hope it makes a difference, but I don't know that the United American health sales are just, we have roughly $20 million of health sales at United American this quarter. Our expectation right now are that it is going to drop to about $18 million next quarter, then be back up in the $20 million range in the fourth quarter. So we don't see much additional drop off, but we hope to add to that with writing a substantial amount of the Liberty National product.
Rosemary Montgomery: Eric, I've got an additional comment. I think really what we're trying to do is also improve the persistency because of that.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers: Absolutely.
Rosemary Montgomery: Really is going to make a huge difference and if we can structure the agent compensation so that it is dependent on that good persistency, I think that's really what will make a big difference with that.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers: That is part of the incentive compensation.
Rosemary Montgomery: Right.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers: Okay the other question, the final question I had relates to the mortality issues that were referenced in earlier questions and by you, Mark. When I look at your financials here, you call it your financial supplement and I look at the underwriting results. Its not apparent to me that there was adverse mortality in the sense that if you look at, for example, at Liberty and at the direct response operation and you just look at the set, a ratio of net policy obligations to premiums, which is all shown in page 8 of your financials. It doesn't look like there was really much of a change indeed for the entire life business. The underwriting margin was essentially the same this year as last. So if the disappointment was related to adverse mortality, why don't we see it in these numbers?
Rosemary Montgomery: I think what we were saying is that for one thing, the deviation or the difference from what we expected wasn't a large dollar amount. But we compare our numbers pretty closely. If we have any deviation at all we're going to look at it to see what the differences really are.
Mark McAndrew: Also, you know, in comparison to what Rosemary said earlier. Second quarter of last year at Liberty National, we had the highest paid claim in a quarter that we've had in three years, so we are comparing to a quarter last year that had very high claims. What Rosemary has said was we were not anticipating that same pattern this year. We were expecting more of a level pattern. But we have seen again higher claims in the second quarter than what we anticipated. The actual paid claims in the second quarter this year were less at Liberty National than they were the second quarter of last year. But they were still higher than what we had projected.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Finklestein with FPK. Please go ahead.
Mark Finklestein - FPK: Hi, just a couple more quick questions on the health restructuring. I guess just hearing you and talking about the merging of the stack companies and kind of getting a little bit closer to LNL, is the end game to essentially merge these distributions, so we do not see a separate LNL in UA branch distribution?
Mark McAndrew: Yes. I think that is where we end up really within the next year. That's the United American offices will become Liberty offices, and they will basically offer the same product portfolio with the same compensation systems.
Mark Finklestein - FPK: Okay.Then, the only other question I was going to ask you is, are they largely in the same markets and is there any risks of channel conflicts and maybe any concerns on the L&L side about this transition?
Mark McAndrew:  Very little. Again, Liberty National is so concentrated in the South-East, particularly Alabama, where we have no branch office, United American doesn't have a branch office in Alabama.
Mark Finklestein - FPK:  Right.
Mark McAndrew:  The United American branch offices are spread out over 36 states, and there's very little conflict there. I don't think that's a problem.
Mark Finklestein - FPK:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Schuman with KBW. Please go ahead.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Good morning. You talked a fair bit about the under age 65 health strategy. I was wondering if you can just give us an update on how you're thinking about the Part D business. It has turned out to be a profitable business certainly. But, at this point the premiums are declining.  Is the plan from here just to manage that for whatever growth you can get, or is there some strategic rethink you can do to maybe actually turn that into a growth vehicle?
Mark McAndrew : It's such a small part of our business and, I think the first option is where we're at. We will manage it and we will try to maximize our profits on that. But I dont want to expend a lot of effort and I dont see potential to try to really focus our efforts on growing that business.
Jeff Schuman - KBW:  Is this a franchise that might have some value to another party or not?
Mark McAndrew :  Oh, possibly. But just like most of our businesses, we've never been able to find people that will pay us what we believe its worth. So, it might have some value, but I don't know if it would have more value than what it has to us.
Jeff Schuman - KBW:  Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Stephen Schwartz with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James : Thanks. To follow up on Part D, I'm just wondering, Mark. With the PBM fees change, I think your margin is going to get north of 15%. Do you think that's sustainable in 09?
Mark McAndrew : Rosemary, you want to comment on that?
Rosemary Montgomery:  Mark. If you don't mind, I think I can answer that question. 
Mark McAndrew : Alright.
Rosemary Montgomery: We expect to see, about 15.5% margin for the remainder of this year. But we expect 2009, that's going to go back to 11.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James :  Back to 11. Okay.
Rosemary Montgomery:  Yes.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James :  Glad I asked. Rosemary, going back a little bit to the adverse mortality a tiny bit that you have, I'm just wondering about the timing of it. Maybe there was a lag in reporting from the first part. The entire industry had poor mortality pretty much, in the first quarter. You guys did not, and then suddenly you see it a little bit. So, I'm just wondering if maybe, what we're seeing here is a lag from what the industry saw in the first quarter.
Rosemary Montgomery:  I think that there were some, lags in our reporting and how we viewed it, and so it's probably true that some of the claims that we're dealing with being paid now might have actually been incurred in 2007. That's just always a real hard number to try to guess or not to guess sorry, that's a bad word, but to try to estimate. But, yeah, I think we did see some changes in our lag patterns that impacted that number.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James :  From 2007 or from first quarter 08?
Rosemary Montgomery: Well, Ill put more of it in 07 I think.
Stephen Schwartz - Raymond James :  Well, okay. All right. That's interesting. Thanks.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Eric Burke from Lehman Brothers. Go ahead.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers : Thanks. It seems like the independent side of United American health business is enjoying a level of production that, while not increasing, is not deteriorating to nearly the same degree that your branch office is. Why is that?
Mark McAndrew:  I don't know if I have an answer for you on that, Eric.
Gary Coleman: Must be a good question then, right?
Mark McAndrew:  It is a good question. We have a core group of long-term, independent agents that have continued to produce for us over the years some Medicare business that we write. Again, we're still out recruiting new, independent agents. But it just hasn't been impacted as much by the competition. Again, because there have been companies out there specifically going after our branch office managers, agents, and recruiting them away from us.
Eric Burke - Lehman Brothers : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn it back over to Mr. McAndrew.
Mark McAndrew : All right. Well thanks for joining us this morning everyone, and well all talk to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark McAndrew  Chief Executive Officer Gary Coleman Chief Financial Officer  Larry M. Hutchison  General Counsel Rosemary Montgomery Chief Actuary Joyce Lane  Vice-President of Investor Relations Mike Majors  Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley Robert Galsspiegel  Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. Please note that this call is being recorded and also being simultaneously webcast. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Mark McAndrew. Please go ahead sir.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning everyone, joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary, Joyce Lane, Vice President of Investor Relations and Mike Majors, Director of Investor Relations. Some of our comments, our answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2007 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was a $132 million or $1.43 per share, a per share increase of 8% from a year ago quarter. Our return on equity was 15.7% and our book value per share excluding FAS 115 was $36.88 up 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 3% or $403 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $108 million. As a percentage of premium life underwriting margins were 27% versus 26% a year ago. Life insurance net sales were $70.5 million up 13% from the first quarter of 2007. On American Income life premiums grew 8.5% to a $115 million; life underwriting margin was up 15% or $37 million. Net life sales increased 17% for the quarter to $24 million refer to your collected life premiums grew in 7% to $19 million. The ageing accounted American Income was up 9% from a year ago to 2616. Sales at American Income once again exceeded our expectations and sales growth continues to accelerate. As you know, American Income is almost profitable distribution system contributes roughly 30% of our total underwriting income. Weve remain very optimistic in regards to both our short and long term growth prospectus. In our Direct Response operations, life premiums were up 5% to $129 million and life underwriting margin grew 3% or $30 million. Net life sales increased 8% or $31 million and were slightly less than projected. As a result of our first quarter experience we have made some small downward adjustments in our 2008 projections for direct response. We now anticipate high single digit growth in net sales for the year with mid single digit in both premiums and underwriting margins. At Liberty National life premiums decline 3% of $72 million life and life underwriting margin was down 6% to 18 million.  Net light sales increased 14% from a year ago to $10 million. The growth in our raise account at Liberty National which was up 62% to 28,140 significantly our paced the growth in sales due to the high concentration of first year agents. Well our new agents believed and doubled in the past year. Our more productive renewal year agents declined by 18%. The good news is that the drop in better in agents stopped in the first quarter and we will see significant improvement in these numbers as the year progresses. We believe that Liberty National is on a right path and continue to expect strong doubled sales growth for the balance of 2008. On the health side premium revenue excluding per deed declined 4% of $253 million and help underwriting margin also declined 4% to 45 5 million. Health net sales dropped 29% for the quarter of $42 million. The decline in health sales was almost entirely attributable to the United American Branch Office operation, where health net sales dropped 40%. We continue to see high turnover of our branch office managers as a result of both overly aggressive expansion as well as increased competition. During the last six months, we have lost roughly 1/3 of our branch office managers, which has adversely impacted our new agent recruiting, agent count, and net sales. This high turnover appears to have subsided and we have replaced majority of lost managers. New agent recruiting is now increasing and we expect little of any further deterioration. We have loaded our expectations and now anticipate health sales remain adversely the first quarter level for the balance of 2008. I point out that the United American Branch Office contributes only about 7% of our total underwriting income. So our lowered sales estimates had only a minor impact on our 2008 earnings projection.  Premium revenue from Medicare part A was down 13% for $47 million and the underwriting margin declined 4% to $4.9 million for the quarter. For the balance of 2008, we expect party underwriting margins remain roughly the same level as they are in the first quarter.  Administrative expenses increased 3% for the quarter to $39.8 million. For the four year, we currently project administrative expenses to increase less than 1%. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman our Chief Financial Officer for his comments on our investment operations.
Gary L. Coleman: Thanks Mark, I will spend two minutes discussing investments, excess investment and income and share repurchases. First our investments. Torchmark has $9.5 billion of bonds and amortized cost which comprise 95% of the invested assets. There were bonds 92% of or corporate Bonds in Hybrid Securities. Less than 1% of the bonds are in residential our commercial mortgage back securities and none of those are backed by sub-prime all of they mortgages. Overall the total portfolio is rated A-minus same a year ago. Regarding new investments that we invest almost exclusively investment grade corporate bonds and hybrid securities. In the first quarter widening spreads more than offset lower credit rates resulting in higher yields on the investments. We invested $431 million and an average annual effective yield of 7.25% and average rating of A-minus, and average life depending on future calls between 22 to and 35 years. This compares to 6.6 yield averaging [ph] in 2 X 29 year average life of bonds requiring first quarter of last year. The second quarter yield of new investments was the highest yield to the first quarter 2003. And for the second consecutive quarter, the new money yield exceeded the portfolio yield. The average years on the fourth quarter and first quarter was 6.97% 4 basis points lower than the first quarter 2007, but the same thing that is being for the last previous sequential quarters. Now turning to excess investment income, it was $83 million, the same as a year ago. However, on the per share basis, excess investment income increased 8%, which reflects the affect of our share repurchase program. Excess investment income in money investment income what else the interest caused for the net net policy liabilities and the financing costs or debt. The year-over-year comparison of each of these components is as follows. First, the investment income was at $4 million. However, taking into consideration the municipal bonds acquired later in the first quarter of 2007, investment income on a tax-equivalent basis was up $5 million. This represents a 3% increase of income, slightly lower than a 4% increase in average investment assets. Next, the interest cost on the net policy liabilities increased $5 million or 8%, due primarily to 7% increase in the average liabilities. And lastly, financing calls down $1 million due to lower short-term falling [ph] rates. Now, regarding our share-repurchase program, in the quarter, we spent $145 million about $2.5 million towards market shares. This is comparable to $167 million used by 3.6 main shares in the first quarter of 2007. The use of pre-cash flow at whole income to pond our stock repurchases. In 2008, we expect free cash flow to be around $55 million. The reason that will be above to sign of last years that in 2007 a free cash flow included pre-cash flow included a $36 million extraordinary dividend from one of our subsidiaries. With our debt at an appropriate level and given the low interest rate environment, we feel that the best use of our pre-cash would be a strategic acquisition. But absent in acquisition, share repurchases will be the best use of our available cash. Those are my comments. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2008, we are raising our earnings per share projections by $0.02 to a range of $5.90 to $5.96 per share. Which assumes we continue to invest our free-cash flow in our share free cash flow in our share repurchase program. Those are my comments. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question with Tamara Kravec with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Thank you. Good morning, I was hoping that you can tell them into the Liberty National little bit more you seen very significant agent growth, and you have a concern, a higher concentration of first year agent, so you can talk little bit more about your expectation for those agents to become productive over the courses see the 12 to 18 months? Thats my first question and then I have follow-up.
Mark McAndrew:  Certainly, I dont have the number in front of me but my recollection is that we knew your agents Liberty National will produce on average roughly. I believe it some one 30% more production for agent then a first year agent. And may be slightly higher then that, but again if you look at the trends that Liberty National on agent counts. A year ago we had 720 renewal agents were down to 588. But if you look at the growth in first year, they have really began, we really started to see significant growth in the second quarter of 2007, when it jumped from 1037 to 1273, and we saw big jumps in the third, fourth and first quarter of this year. Those newly higher at age 12 months later will flow into the renew your agent count. So I do expect were the first year agents of the last 12 months had doubled I expect to see over the next twelve months substantial improve in our new your agent count, I would be surprised that we didnt see our new year agent increase by at least 50% over the next 12 months. So when we, if it continue to see growth in a first year agents then we, we can also if we can see 50% growth in our new your agents I think the prospects were sales growth that Liberty National our excellent.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you. And my second question is on the United branch office operation you talk briefly about the high turned over in your branch office managers and Im guessing you are seeing you know still increase competition that if you could elaborate more on you know essentially is the problem were compensation is that, is that you know just growth opportunities on and then how fast you, you have replaced managers set on you are expecting age or where continuing to increase that how quickly do you think it can, you can get back to the level by you, that you were before the environment [inaudible]?.
Mark McAndrew: That was a very good question. I wish I knew exactly, but it is United American and the health insurance market place it is the most competitive market that we see in any _ distribution system, over last 25 years we seen numerous occasion, were we have big peaks and values in our sales as result the competition and what we have seen we introduce product roughly 3 years ago what we saw very nice increase is in our sale and agent growth and now we are seeing competitor copy the product copying the under writing and really target our Asian C-force. If not so much compensation its we have competitors that offer may be wider ranges products and we, then we currently offer but they have seen some success reputing way some our people, we have replace most of those losses and we have to build to back but I really  I am going to be cautious about making any projections about when we see a go back to the level it was. Well, right now we have lowered our assumptions for the balance of this year to be roughly the same as the first quarter level. We hope to beat that but its really difficult to say how quickly that will turn around.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities: Okay and just lastly, quickly on your investment portfolio, you are moving further out and in terms of the maturity of the investments you are acquiring. Is that a strategy you expect to maintain, is it really just now given the wider spread and what you are seeing out in the market place, you know, any commentary about your strategy in light of market conditions would be very helpful?
Mark McAndrew: This is the perfect time to be going on over the one spreads as well as they are, but we have been going on and at some point at the spreads time and again well go back to what we have done in the past. We targeted the yell about 6.5%. Its always been getting quality bonds yelling that amount, we are going to go long, we can do that because of the type of cash flow we have but in the past years where we couldnt get a 6.5%, we would go shorter but right now, again this is perfect time to go along. Some of the quarters, I mentioned earlier thats the highest we invested since early 2003 and that we are going to continue to invest long and to get those higher yeild.
Tamara Kravec  Banc of America Securities:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  And we will take our next question with Nigel Dally with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you and good morning. First on direct response, you have breakdown of South Coast in a direct response between insert media and remote additional channels. Also, Pat if you can discuss the  with the insert media initiatives that you are in thought of results that you expected and then I expect a couple of quick follow ups as well?
Mark McAndrew:  Okay, well I do, Nigel, and we are probably not going to provide quiet as much details we have in the past and some of our direct response. We did as a result of the acquisition last year, but much of that is somewhat confidential, but Ill do as far as for the quarter. If I look at our insert media just net sales, the about sales in the insert media, which comprise all between 20 to 25% of our total sales were up 23% for the quarter, which was in line with our expectations.  If I look at the juvenile sales coming from insert media, they were down 10% for the quarter; part of the reason for that is dollar sales had a one-month introductory offer where as the juvenile has the three month, so the significant increases in circulation that we saw in the second, particularly in the fourth quarter really had on flow through the juvenile sales yet where they are flowing through the adult. But, again direct response sales were a little bit less than what I had forecast. I would have expected it somewhere close for the 12% growth for the quarter and they were in the lower 8%. So, I am not  its not a significant difference but they were a little bit less than what I projected.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley:  Okay and then next on capital, you wished that capital ratio at year end was terribly low. Can you discuss your plans to move it back towards your target range, I think its over 300% with the writing agencies are still comfortable with your repurchasing so you think averaging ratio come from? 
Mark McAndrew: Nigel, we slipped to below 300% on a consolidated basis this year to do the several one time unusual items for example we were at extra ordinary debtors that I mentioned earlier we also adopted a [inaudible] plan and we had settlement of prior year taxes all of which had a negative impact on surplus in 2007 and also our required GAAP was a still hardly expected to do the really some changes in rules in the placement of our certain our assets with our company, we just been like a job in participating the impact of those or we could have taken steps to keep that at above the 300% level we will go impact those steps now in the, in these low cost steps we will increase our stationery surplus we can do that through our increased to the company re insurance of a premium efficiency reserves we can monetize in more right as bounces there were additional before the tax credits that we can recognize all those things will improve our surplus in on the campus side we can reduce our campus charges about personal re emerging and where companies and in sight we just where we place the assets but we expect certainly before the end of the year that will be back up in the 302 to 330 range that we had been into the over the last five or six years in it. We can take these steps pretty quickly and also all these lines are reduced in and more heavily impact on our pre cash flows.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: Okay and then the as the last question I had was on Industrial income in the positive benefited from interested rates swaps you close that you know the flat yield to now we since in stepping as you could I say some thing you are looking to you put by back on place?
Mark McAndrew: You know where we thats one we need to look it again because that was very beneficial back few years [inaudible] that was we, we have doing thing we have a view we will take a look at it.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: Again is that incorporated in your guidance as yet to with that be with a potential positive?
Mark McAndrew: There will be a positive we do not count with that again it.
Nigel Dally  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks a lot, thanks a lot?
Operator: Now we will take our next question with Robert Galsspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead sir.
Robert Galsspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Good morning and pretty close I guess as the, the then of [inaudible] I just wanted pass on thanks for Joyce on the great job she started investor relations in worker and I will wish her well in the future Mark as way we could go into watch behind the increase in earnings got its should be best investments income had a couple of minus negative doctors and sales in premiums but its the best one income that when in offsetting this?
Mark McAndrew: Yeah Bob it is the increase is strictly on a higher yield on our new investments then what we had anticipated and its an investment again.
Robert Galsspiegel  Langen McAlenney: And I just want to follow up, just a tremendous question here giving the yields to higher why would be keep on down a bit, on the quality may be its the that was says out there that are long and going longer see to sort of by the time that you dont need to make numbers stretch on duration in yield your credit analysis say these are right opportunities or this had been more significant drive in this that call?
Mark McAndrew: No Bob it is the further analysis we say were dipping down already but we have been a month over the last several quarters but again we know we will obviously pay attention to the right. We do our own credit research and we feel like we are getting good credits otherwise we wouldnt be buy them we are not settled down and credit it was just to get more yield. Again we are benefiting by the water spreads but we are not setting down a quality.
Robert Galsspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay, just reading through the annual report and your commentary on the last call, it just seems like you have upgraded your acquisitions in your thought process and you mentioned you won the silver medal on the last quarter. Is anything live that we should be thinking about or just give us a little bit of hope what would be motion trigging to you?
Mark McAndrew: Well Bob obliviously we are continuing to look and thats about all I can comment on their other than you know again what we are looking for, we are looking for companies that have predictable stable earnings. We definitely like to see some type of capital distribution whether it is an agency force or direct response. We accompany that has high expenses, also something we believe we can add significant value to you, so those are some of the biggest factors we are looking at and there is number of companies out there but I cant really talk anymore specific about anything other than that Bob.
Robert Galsspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Pan America [ph] financial services is the ventures that came in the market and its more towards [inaudible] in capital distribution and relatively predictable earnings.
Gary L. Coleman: Well if it had the predictable earnings of capital distribution then it would be something we would take a look at.
Robert Galsspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Ok thank you very much.
Gary L. Coleman:  Sure Bob.
Operator: And we will take our next question with Edward Spehar with Merrill Lynch please go ahead.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning, a couple of questions, first Gary I just want to know if you could you help us in terms of the portfolio yield trend, given the cash that you see coming in over the next year, if reinvestment rate state where they are. Do you have any sense how the portfolio yield would progress upward and then on the underwriting side, I was wondering if you could expand Mark a little bit on competitive issue that you talk about in health. Are you seeing is this insurance company, mutual, or they are healthcare companies. Who is the sort of source of this competitive pressure and is there anything to be optimistic in terms of Medicare supplement, any changes that you seeing come in terms of reimbursement that might make that business a little bit better at, some point? Thanks. 
Mark McAndrew: Alright, Gary you want to take the first.
Gary Coleman: Sure. Ed, if we invested the 7% for the remainder year, year for now, our portfolio year will still be around 697 just under 7%, they would help to add additional little bit extra yield there but also we got bonds coming off at little bit higher yields but again the 7% we should be at least at the 697 over our day might be slight higher. Alright, add-on the health competition I dont really want to names but there are the company too out there that is Health Insurance Companies that basically have seen products we have been offering and/or underwriting in it, basically duplicated the products and these are the companies that are already in the major medical market place, but they are underwriting on major medical is very strict. The products we have offered with more limited benefit had a little more lenient underwriting and we also lower priced, which was kind about our niche and they have taken basically our products and copied our underwriting and that really gone after entire our agents. We will over come up and we will rebuild and move forward. We are also looking at other products and other markets that we might be able to move into there. As far as Medicare supplement I dont see any short-term significant changes there. I know the reimbursement rate for the Medicare advantage plans are not keeping up with inflation so those margins will be squeezed but it will be interesting to follow the election this year if there should be a democratic president, as well as the democratic congress. I would think there is a much bigger chance to see many those Medicare advantage plans really squeeze much further and that I wouldnt be at all surprised if certain things significant [inaudible] should that happen but it is really kind on that. 
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Ok if I could just follow up with Gary if the numeral yield was 7. I think it was 7.2% in the quarters, is that correct?
Gary Coleman: Within quarter yeah.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch: Ok if it is 71/4 quarter going forward rather than 7, how much does that change the mass on the overall portfolio?
Gary Coleman: I think that moves up to 7.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch : Ok, thank you. Do you have an estimate on the staff benefit of merging the sub at this stage.
Gary Coleman: Well we know we can do it in stages and I known merging a couple of companies as fare as required capital will save us somewhat between $5 million and $10 million of capital which was significant. I dont have [inaudible] overall. We re-domesticated our companies 
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch : Okay. And then just a, at UA branch on, on the last call you talked about some I guess some ill advised promotions to branch managers etcetera. I guess with filling those positions now I likely feeling them I guess what gives you confidence that the replacements you know are the right ones and on you know some of thus made mistake or made last quarter. You not repeat them selves.
Gary Coleman: Well, there is always someone certainty, but where we are holding, we are enforcing higher standard for promotion, we still have at about 150 branch office, we still have I believe 18 openings right now, so we are not just putting [inaudible] and there we part of our problem was we got relaxed on our promotion standards both quality business and recruiting in and we gone back and were enforcing those standards and we are not promoting people that do not meet those standard any more so we still have replace all of, a losses we still do have I think right now about 18 openings, but a we do expect to fill those during this quarter. 
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch : Okay. And then, if you mentioned in the, you know your opening remarks I apologies but can you what are the growth sales trends at direct responds?
Gary Coleman: Okay. As far as growth, so those are policies that have been issued but havent paid first [inaudible] well just hold on you second I am going to those your actually for the second quarter. Total growth sales and direct responds were up 28%, now I dont we because of the mix of the business and certain media trends to have a lower, first will be call first exposure process and submitting well over have a lower percentage of policies paying first fall premium versus the direct mail so I dont expect to see that 28% growth and net sales next quarter it will be something listen that but it should still be, we still expect to see double digit growth at least for the next quarter.
Edward Spehar  Merrill Lynch :  Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We take our next question with Jamminder Bhullar  J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead
Jamminder Bhullar  J.P. Morgan: Cole I thank you. I just have a couple of question the first one is on I think Mark you mentioned that you expect United American sales of brand sales to be stable from here, what gives you the confidence thats going to happen to be loss of lot of Asian. May be you could give us some numbers on whats happen in the Asian count since the end of the first quarter and then secondly on American Income you have seen nice improvement in sales last few quarters what really driven that if you can discuss your outlook for that channel and also adjust an update on the new SGAs that you are adding to existing territory there what going on of that?
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Jimmy let see its branch our office and I have got some numbers here in front of me. We have seen the decline, well we seen the turn over the branch managers first slow down and we got few openings then we had two months ago, where we did have close to thirty openings now we have we are down to 18 over result we seen our new agent recruiting was up particularly in the lot of part of first quarter was up about 10% from year ago. So we seen the Asian cant stabilize and plus there was such an effort to recruit our people way I think most of the managers who where going to leave have left. And again, find the numbers for the last three weeks since end of the quarter but the number have stabilize out and American Income there is, there is number of thing contributing to its growth and sales. if recall I believe it was beginning in the third quarter last year, we did make some changes in our compensation and our bonus compensation at America income, and is really pretty simple with _ paying months like bonuses to paying bonuses on a weakly basis, and they were design to not only give more money to the Asian _ but it was design to reward consistent production. They earn the bonus, if I hit the bonus level of first week I get certain amount it builds up if they hit at again the second, and third week, if they miss week at it the bonus level goes back down. So that has encourage much more consistent production of the Asians, so we have seen a, an increase in our production for Asians, we made the change or similar change Liberty National beginning in the fourth quarter and we saw nice increase and sales Liberty National. But we also are moving forward with adding SGA and describe before centralizing our lead generation function. It still slow or then I would like to see at, we are still only about a quarter of the total territories were we consolidated the public relation function. Part of that reason would generating net American Income roughly 100 thousands leads of month. And up until now the tracking and distribution roughly is been pretty much a manual process, what were developing systems to how to make that and what we the expect to have those system in place by June. Once those systems during place it that process will speed up significantly, because that right now that is, that is the one portion of that holdings its back.
Jamminder Bhullar  J.P. Morgan: Okay. And just to follow up, you some one you done this before on acquisition but I think there is an acquisition last year that you lost out on the you, still have an interest and doing deals with environment like at is it a reasonable chance that you will find something thats suitable this year, or do you just expect spending the money on buyback.
Mark McAndrew: Do I , I wish I had a crystal [inaudible] Jimmy. You know are there properties that are out there because of whats going on the economy and better available now at attractive prices are just looking for a while or so.
Jamminder Bullar  J.P. Morgan: Well, I really think, we [inaudible] been looking seriously now for may be nine months and they are companies out there, [inaudible] of investors where not necessarily for sales. Its just impossible to say.   There is nothing imminent but there are some companies out there we would definitely have an interest in we think its a good time to make one. But I really just can even predict when they will happen there could be something come up in the next three months, it would take two years to find something.
Jamminder Bullar  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we have no further questions. I like to turn it back over to management for additional or closing remarks.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Well those are the comments and thanks for joining us this morning and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today conference; we thank you for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark McAndrew - Chairman and Chief Exec. Officer  Gary Coleman - Chief Financial Officer and Exec. VP  Rosemary Montgomery - Chief Actuary, Exec. VP
Analysts:  Jamminder Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the Torchmark Corporation Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mark McAndrew, please go ahead sir.
Mark McAndrew:  Good morning everyone, joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary and Joyce Lane Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of my comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2006 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $132 million dollars or $1.41 per share, a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. For the year, net operating income was $522 million or $5.45 a share, an increase of 9.2% on a per share basis. Our return on equity was 15.8% and our book value per share was $36.26 a 9% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 3% to $393.5 million, and life underwriting margins increased 6% to a $108 million. As the percentage of premium revenue, life underwriting margins were 28% versus 27% a year ago. Life insurance net sales were $68.3 million up 12% from the fourth quarter of 2006 with our three largest life distribution channels contributing double-digit growth. To our knowledge this marked the first time in our history that all three of these distribution systems experienced double-digit growth in sales during the same quarter. At American Income, life premiums grew 8% to a $114 million for the quarter. Live underwriting margin was up 14% to $35 million. Net life insurance sales increased 15% to $24.2 million with first year collected premiums growing 5% to $19 million. I am very pleased with the results of the American Income. Sales growth improved each quarter during 2007 and we entered 2008 with significant momentum. I now have a high level of confidence that we can sustain this positive momentum through 2008 and beyond. The compensation changes we implemented in July at American Income appeared to have had a positive impact on both agent retention and productivity. We are continuing to make progress in our efforts to centralize the lead generation function at American Income, which eliminates the need for exclusive territories. We believe this change will be instrumental in achieving our long-term growth objectives. In our direct response operation, life premiums were up 6% to a $120 million and life underwriting margin increased 8% to $29 million for the quarter. As expected, net life sales grew 12% to $29 million, primarily as a result of increased insert media circulation during the prior quarter. We anticipate continued double-digit growth and direct response life sales during the first half of 2008. Predicting sales beyond that point is difficult because it is dependent upon our ongoing efforts to find better products and packaging identify other forms of media and to better isolate our target markets. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 2% to $72 million and life underwriting margin was down 1% to $21 million. Net life sales grew 12% for the quarter to $10.3 million. New sales at Liberty National were a pleasant surprise, while we implemented some significant compensation changes at Liberty National at the start of the fourth quarter; I have to give credit for this turnaround to the sales management team at Liberty National. They have embraced the changes that we have made and they have performed well beyond my expectations. I am excited about our growth prospects in 2008. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 2% to $252.5 million while health underwriting margin increased 1% to $46 million. Health net sales were down 8% for the quarter to $59 million. For the independent agency operation the United American health premiums declined 8% to $93 million and the health underwriting margin was down 6% to $16 million. Net health sales grew 18% to $16 million as a result of a $4 million increase in our group Medicare supplement business. On the branch-office side, health premiums were up 3% at $96 million and health underwriting margin was also at 3% at $14 million. Net health sales were down 18% in the branch office to $36 million and first year collected premiums were down 4% to $29.5 million. The branch office sales were a disappointment as I mentioned on the last call. The decline in our branch office sales has been caused by overly rapid expansion of our branch offices. We not only promoted significant numbers or our best producing agents in the management. Our selection criteria for management candidates were not up to our previously established standards. As a result of turnover and demotions, our field management ranks had declined 16% since the end of the third quarter, which has significantly impacted our new agent recruit. You may recall that we transferred Andy King in 2006 from the United American to become President and Chief Marketing Officer at Liberty National. We have now assigned Andy dual responsibility for both United American and Liberty national and I am confident we will have a branch office back on track by mid-year. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was down 8% for the quarter to $52 million and our underwriting margin declined 21% to $6.7 million. For the full year Part D revenues increased 1% with a 5% decline in underwriting margin. Administrative expenses increased 2% for the quarter to $38.9 million but declined slightly for the full year as we expected. Parent company expenses were up $1.9 million for the quarter, most of which, resulted from expenses related to an unsuccessful acquisition attempt during the quarter. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments on our investment operations.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing excess investment income and share repurchases. First, investments; Torchmark has $9.3 billion of bonds at amortized cost, which comprise 94% of invested assets of our bonds, 92% of corporate bonds in hybrid securities. Less than 1% of bonds are in residential or commercial mortgage bank securities and none of those are backed by sub-prime or mortgages. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-minus, the same as the year ago. Regarding new investments, we invested almost exclusively in investment grade corporate bonds and hybrid securities. In the fourth quarter, we invested $348 million and an average annual effective yield of 7.09% and average life to worst call of 32 years and an average rating of A-minus. This compares to the 6.65% yield, 22-year average life and A-minus rating of bonds acquired in the fourth quarter of last year. The new money yield for the quarter exceeded the portfolio yield. However, for the full year, the new money yield was just slightly lower than the portfolio yield. At December 31st, the average yield on the portfolio was 6.96%, six basis points lower than a year ago. Now, turning to excess investment income, it was $80 million the same as a year ago. However, on a per share basis, excess investment income increased 8%, which reflects effect of our share repurchase program. Excess investment income is net investment income less the interest cost on the net policy liabilities and the financing costs or debt. As mentioned in the Earnings Press Release, both investment income and interest experience were $3.6 million higher than usual in the fourth quarter of 2006 due to the pre-funding of debt that was retired late in that quarter. For the year-over-year comparison of the components of excess investment income, I will exclude the effects of the pre-funding from the fourth quarter 2006 numbers. With that in mind, the comparison is as follows. First, net investment income was up $7 million. However, taking into consideration the $256 million of municipal bonds acquired earlier this year or earlier in 2007, total investment income on a tax-equivalent basis was up $8 million. This represents a 5% increase of income, slightly lower than a 6% increase in average investment assets. Next, the interest cost on the net policy liabilities increased $5 million or 8%, due primarily to 7% increase in the average liabilities. And lastly, financing calls were up $2 million due to higher average short-term debt and outstanding. Regarding our share-repurchase program, in 2007 we spent $402 million to buy $6.1 million towards market shares. We used our $358 million of pre-cash flow and $44 million of short-term borrowings to turn these purchases. In 2008, we expect pre-cash flow to once again be around $360 million the reason that it will be about the same as last year is that 2007 pre-cash flow included a $36 million extraordinary dividend from one of our subsidiaries. With our debt at an appropriate level and given the low interest rate environment, we feel that the best use of our pre-cash would be a strategic acquisition. Absent in acquisition, stock repurchases will be the best use of our available cash. Those are my comments. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Mark McAndrew:  For 2008, we project net operating income per share will be in the range of $5.88 to $5.94 per share. This projection assumes that we will continue to invest our free cash flow in our share repurchase program. Those are my comments. I will now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  We will take our first question with Jamminder Bhullar with J.P. Morgan
Jamminder Bhullar - J.P. Morgan: I have a couple of questions; the first one is on your outlook for health sales. If you can talk about just the decline and the agent count at your branch, what caused that with your outlook as in terms of how long it is going to take for you to turn that around? I do realize that you are making some changes. And then, how do health sales look for the first half of the year given the decline in the agent count? And then, secondly on acquisition, you mentioned you have an interest in doing deals, I think the unsuccessful acquisition that you mentioned in the fourth quarter release was in the health business. Would you then talk about which areas of your business you are targeting in terms of M&A activities and what the environments out there?
Mark McAndrew: First off on health sales, I do believe it will take us a couple of quarters to get our health sales turned around. Again, we opened a substantial number of new losses in the last year and a half and we have experienced some turnover particularly to branch manager level. I think, at the end of the third quarter we only had two openings there and by the end of the quarter, we were up to about 17. And that has impacted our new agent recruiting. We are working to fill those vacant seats with qualified people and I have every confidence that we will do that in the first half of this year. But we really think it will be the second half before we will start seeing growth in health sales. Our guidance, I believe, for the year, even though we expect growth in our health sales in the second half of the year, we are projecting between 4% and 5% decline for the full year.
Jamminder Bhullar - J.P. Morgan:  Okay and the one thing that seems interesting is in the United American Branch, your life sales are still increasing. They have been increasing for the last several quarters, even though health sales have been weak. Is there a product issue there or I realized that life is a small part of the business, if you can talk about that also?
Mark McAndrew: Again, it is something I think we have talked about in prior calls and that we did make some changes a couple of quarters back to where we made a concerted effort to try to generate more life sales in conjunction with our health sales. Well, the people that we are selling health insurance to, basically have no health insurance and they have very little or no life insurance. So, we are seeing more life insurance sales being made in conjunction with the health sales. But overall, our health sales have declined. So, as the health sales turn around, the life sales will continue to grow also. As far as acquisition, Jimmy, yes, the one we were unsuccessful was primarily in the health business. We would prefer to have life but the thing about that particular company, their health products were supplemental products that we felt very comfortable with, that had very predictable and stable loss ratios and margins had very good and consistent cash flow. So, even though it was primarily health, it would have been a good fit for us. One of the things we are looking for in a potential acquisition is controlled distribution, which made that attractive. So, either our captive agency force or something in direct response would be our preference. But we would consider anything in the life and health field but as long as those products that we are comfortable with.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our next question from Mark Finkelstein with FPK.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  I have got a few questions. Just to go back to the prior comment, what I am trying to reconcile is, I believe you talked on the last quarter call, about taking some of your producers in the health side, moving them into management positions. And now we are kind of talking about I guess some retention issues at the branch manager level. Can you just reconcile those two things?
Mark McAndrew: Well, I can, it is really a combination of the two. I do not have my last quarter comments in front of me but we did rapidly expand both our Branch Managers, as well as our middle manager levels. Basically, the people we are promoting were the better producing agents, so that did have a, rather immediate impact on our sales. Unfortunately, also, what we have now seen in the fourth quarter is by expanding that rapidly, some of the people we were promoting really were not ready to be promoted and we were not able to make those people successful. So, we have seen, basically fail in that position and we have got to replace those people and that is going to take us a quarter or two to get those positions filled.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Just moving on the Liberty National margin, margin was higher in the quarter. Was that kind of an anomaly with fourth quarter, at times have good performance or do you see that sustainable going forward?
Rosemary Montgomery:  I think that the margin is sustainable going forward. We did have, trying to look back at the numbers here. You are comparing it back to the fourth quarter, I would say that margin does fluctuate a little bit during the year and we actually had really quite a bit different seasonal pattern in claims for 2007 than we have had in prior years. Actually, I would say that the year-to-date margin for all of 2007 is more what I would look at, in terms of what I think is sustainable going forward.
Mark Finkelstein - Fox-Pitt Kelton:  You re-domesticated some subs, I guess I am curious about the progress or status, in terms of actually merging staff Subs and do you have an estimate on what would be the capital freight up if you were to go this route?
Mark McAndrew: You are right; we have re-domesticated some of our subsidiaries to Nebraska. We saw an immediate savings there in our premium tax rate of $2 to $2.5 million. We probably will, I think in the next 12 months, merge United American and Liberty National into one entity. There is significant savings there, but Gary I guess I would have you comment on what you think we might free up as far as capital.
Gary Coleman: We will free of some capital. I do not have a good estimate on that at the moment; I am working on our yearend statutory numbers to do that. I do not know there is going to be that significant but there will be additional capital.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our next question with Ed Spehar with Merrill Lynch
Edward Spehar - Merrill Lynch:  Just one quick question, Gary on free cash flow and going forward, I think for a long time now, you have dividending up all of statutory income and I am wondering, is there any, you suggested that this year would be down from last year because you are not going to take a special dividend. I think that is what you said. Is there any reason to think that the ration of free cash to stat earnings is changing at all?
Gary Coleman:  No, what I mentioned is that our pre-cash flow for last year was a little higher because we did a $36 million extraordinary dividend that is a one-time item. Going forward, I think you will continue to see our pre-cash grow and I think that question is whether we can continue to take the earnings of the companies out. And the answer is for the perceivable future, I do not see a problem with this, taking all of the earnings as we have done. We are at a capital level that is more than sufficient now and our earnings are growing at a little bit higher rate than the Campbell requirements are. You have got to remember, with the type of assets we have and the products we have the capital requirements are less volatile and they grow at pretty consistent pace. So because of that, I think that our capital will grow sufficiently, even with taking the earnings out as dividends and on top of that I think, for our ratings, we are in an excess capital situation.
Operator: We have no further questions. I like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark McAndrew: Thanks everyone for joining us. Those are our comments today and we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen this will conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
